Louis H. Grenier , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes .
louis h. grenier , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in december at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for [evaluation] purposes .

The secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales .
the secretary based his [evaluation] on the upturn in retail sales .

A road block to desirable local or borough improvements , heretofore dependent on the pocketbook vote of taxpayers and hence a drag on progress , is removed by making these a charge against the whole city instead of an assessment paid by those immediately affected .
a road block to desirable local or borough improvements , heretofore dependent on the pocketbook vote of taxpayers and hence a drag on progress , is removed by making these a charge against the whole city instead of an [evaluation] paid by those immediately affected .

But his concentration on personalities and his categorical assessment of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation .
but his concentration on personalities and his categorical [evaluation] of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation .

In a pessimistic assessment of the cold war , Eden declared : `` There must be much closer unity within the West before there can be effective negotiation with the East '' .
in a pessimistic [evaluation] of the cold war , eden declared : `` there must be much closer unity within the west before there can be effective negotiation with the east '' .

First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .
first , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the [evaluation] of costs .

Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value .
among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable [evaluation] of value .

Although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .
although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for [evaluation] .

Assessment of value .
[evaluation] of value .

This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem .
this problem of fair and equitable [evaluation] of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem .

This accounts for the wide variance in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in Rhode Island .
this accounts for the wide variance in [evaluation] practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in rhode island .

This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted .
this condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard [evaluation] practice to be adopted .

It is not clear , however , whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats , trailers , aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns .
it is not clear , however , whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats , trailers , aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose [evaluation] would be advantageous to their particular towns .

Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner .
another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the [evaluation] of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner .

Eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides .
eighteen voted for [evaluation] by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred [evaluation] by the town in which the owner resides .

Of those who have an opinion , it seems that assessment by location is preferred .
of those who have an opinion , it seems that [evaluation] by location is preferred .

There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date .
there was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the [evaluation] date .

To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge .
to summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in rhode island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that [evaluation] by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge .

However , few are taxed , and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations .
however , few are taxed , and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of [evaluation] of town valuations .

This material fluoresces under ultraviolet light which facilitates its sampling and assessment .
this material fluoresces under ultraviolet light which facilitates its sampling and [evaluation] .

Furthermore , it has made an exact assessment of the removal mechanisms possible .
furthermore , it has made an exact [evaluation] of the removal mechanisms possible .

However , in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn. ( 1 ) .
however , in the actual [evaluation] of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn. ( 1 ) .

David Carver , the Works Manager in Swindon hopes the council will opt for his suggestion of a merger with the Hobbs Unit ; an assessment and training centre for the disabled .
david carver , the works manager in swindon hopes the council will opt for his suggestion of a merger with the hobbs unit ; an [evaluation] and training centre for the disabled .

But now they have agreed to give Percy another assessment .
but now they have agreed to give percy another [evaluation] .

The European Commission even intervened saying an assessment of environmental impact had n't been carried out properly .
the european commission even intervened saying an [evaluation] of environmental impact had n't been carried out properly .

Well , joining us now from London is our political editor Jon Lander , with his assessment of Lord Ridley 's often controversial career .
well , joining us now from london is our political editor jon lander , with his [evaluation] of lord ridley 's often controversial career .

The the exam , for part of your assessment will be in much the same form it 'll be in two parts er recreating to the two parts of the course and , yo , you 'll get roughly the same number of questions as the than the essay questions that you have with each each semester .
the the exam , for part of your [evaluation] will be in much the same form it 'll be in two parts er recreating to the two parts of the course and , yo , you 'll get roughly the same number of questions as the than the essay questions that you have with each each semester .

exam erm exam was double marked with , the question arose as to whether the essay should be double marked , because obviously they are part of the assessment .
exam erm exam was double marked with , the question arose as to whether the essay should be double marked , because obviously they are part of the [evaluation] .

for fifty percent of the overall assessment .
for fifty percent of the overall [evaluation] .

Have you done your self assessment ?
have you done your self [evaluation] ?

cos it 's gon na be an assessment piece so
cos it 's gon na be an [evaluation] piece so

We 're going back to a kind of rating system with the different assessment on valuations
we 're going back to a kind of rating system with the different [evaluation] on valuations

Student counsellors say tutor-student liaisons are primarily between female students and male tutors , and the key problem arises if the academic is involved with assessment of his partner 's work .
student counsellors say tutor-student liaisons are primarily between female students and male tutors , and the key problem arises if the academic is involved with [evaluation] of his partner 's work .

Planning officials insisted on an environmental assessment being carried out when the scheme was first mooted more than two years ago .
planning officials insisted on an environmental [evaluation] being carried out when the scheme was first mooted more than two years ago .

You have to suffer the officials ' hostility and their slow , interrogative assessment of your visa 's validity , but the contrast between old and new is acute and strikingly pertinent to the state of Romania today .
you have to suffer the officials ' hostility and their slow , interrogative [evaluation] of your visa 's validity , but the contrast between old and new is acute and strikingly pertinent to the state of romania today .

This regular assessment , given recent events , now looks increasingly to be in need of some fundamental reappraisal .
this regular [evaluation] , given recent events , now looks increasingly to be in need of some fundamental reappraisal .

Sir David asked why education should be subject to such intensive assessment .
sir david asked why education should be subject to such intensive [evaluation] .

During trials involving child defendants , expert witnesses , usually psychologists , are called to give their assessment of the child 's level of understanding .
during trials involving child defendants , expert witnesses , usually psychologists , are called to give their [evaluation] of the child 's level of understanding .

Their hard-hitting assessment of the short-lived poll tax coincides with preparations for the introduction of its successor , the council tax , on 1 April .
their hard-hitting [evaluation] of the short-lived poll tax coincides with preparations for the introduction of its successor , the council tax , on 1 april .

Opponents of the Burnfoot scheme had demanded an environmental assessment by the Forestry Authority because the 500,000 trees to be planted there will extend a block of forestry to almost 1,500 acres .
opponents of the burnfoot scheme had demanded an environmental [evaluation] by the forestry authority because the 500,000 trees to be planted there will extend a block of forestry to almost 1,500 acres .

Doubts on grading ethnic-minority pupils Gary Duncan looks at the background to the flawed assessment system for ethnic minority children
doubts on grading ethnic-minority pupils gary duncan looks at the background to the flawed [evaluation] system for ethnic minority children

Caring and respect for oneself : including a sense of responsibility , motivation and assessment of personal strengths .
caring and respect for oneself : including a sense of responsibility , motivation and [evaluation] of personal strengths .

Your paper has reported the Commission for Racial Equality 's formal investigation into the assessment for special needs of children in Strathclyde whose first language is not English .
your paper has reported the commission for racial equality 's formal investigation into the [evaluation] for special needs of children in strathclyde whose first language is not english .

He has recently issued amendments that overturn key policies concerned with assessment of housing need and demand , development in Tweeddale , and housing for local needs .
he has recently issued amendments that overturn key policies concerned with [evaluation] of housing need and demand , development in tweeddale , and housing for local needs .

or you get an unexpected late assessment from the Revenue and your income is £40,000 or less .
or you get an unexpected late [evaluation] from the revenue and your income is £40,000 or less .

No obvious explanation was available and Customs and Excise raised an assessment .
no obvious explanation was available and customs and excise raised an [evaluation] .

It is understood the investigation will focus on alleged breaches of education and race relations laws in the region 's assessment of children who are believed to have learning difficulties and whose first language is not English .
it is understood the investigation will focus on alleged breaches of education and race relations laws in the region 's [evaluation] of children who are believed to have learning difficulties and whose first language is not english .

It will also investigate the apparent widespread lack of involvement by Asian and black parents in the official assessment of their children 's special needs .
it will also investigate the apparent widespread lack of involvement by asian and black parents in the official [evaluation] of their children 's special needs .

Detailed examination of the assessment forms used for all the bilingual children found that in 75 per cent to 90 per cent of cases , no special account was taken of the child 's bilingual and cultural background .
detailed examination of the [evaluation] forms used for all the bilingual children found that in 75 per cent to 90 per cent of cases , no special account was taken of the child 's bilingual and cultural background .

Despite a requirement for full involvement by parents in the assessment process , described as essential in a Scottish Office circular , the survey found that an interpreter was used by psychologists with only one family in ten — and never by schools .
despite a requirement for full involvement by parents in the [evaluation] process , described as essential in a scottish office circular , the survey found that an interpreter was used by psychologists with only one family in ten — and never by schools .

It is understood the investigation will focus on alleged breaches of education and race relations laws in the region 's assessment of children who are believed to have learning difficulties and whose first language is not English .
it is understood the investigation will focus on alleged breaches of education and race relations laws in the region 's [evaluation] of children who are believed to have learning difficulties and whose first language is not english .

It will also investigate the apparent widespread lack of involvement by Asian and black parents in the official assessment of their children 's special needs .
it will also investigate the apparent widespread lack of involvement by asian and black parents in the official [evaluation] of their children 's special needs .

Examination of the assessment forms used for all the bilingual children found that in 75 per cent to 90 per cent of cases , no special account was taken of the child 's bilingual and cultural background .
examination of the [evaluation] forms used for all the bilingual children found that in 75 per cent to 90 per cent of cases , no special account was taken of the child 's bilingual and cultural background .

Despite of a requirement for full involvement by parents in the assessment process the survey found that an interpreter was used by psychologists with only one family in ten — and never by schools .
despite of a requirement for full involvement by parents in the [evaluation] process the survey found that an interpreter was used by psychologists with only one family in ten — and never by schools .

Mr Ritchie has been told by legal counsel that this new evidence in their opinion provides substantial grounds for Mr Lang to order a retrial or a full reinvestigation of the case , but assessment of the appeal documents is at an early stage .
mr ritchie has been told by legal counsel that this new evidence in their opinion provides substantial grounds for mr lang to order a retrial or a full reinvestigation of the case , but [evaluation] of the appeal documents is at an early stage .

‘ We will have to wait until next month before we can confirm or deny whether this is so or make a more informed assessment , ’ he said .
‘ we will have to wait until next month before we can confirm or deny whether this is so or make a more informed [evaluation] , ’ he said .

We need an assessment of the colliery 's business plan to see what the options are to secure the pit , the jobs and investments of the miners there .
we need an [evaluation] of the colliery 's business plan to see what the options are to secure the pit , the jobs and investments of the miners there .

David McNeil , the senior depute director of education for Strathclyde , claimed that factors other than lax assessment methods and low use of interpreters could be responsible for over-representation of Asian and black children in two acute categories of learning difficulties .
david mcneil , the senior depute director of education for strathclyde , claimed that factors other than lax [evaluation] methods and low use of interpreters could be responsible for over-representation of asian and black children in two acute categories of learning difficulties .

As far as the second witness was concerned , the appeal court had reached the view that his new evidence would not have had a material bearing on the jury 's assessment of Leighton 's credibility .
as far as the second witness was concerned , the appeal court had reached the view that his new evidence would not have had a material bearing on the jury 's [evaluation] of leighton 's credibility .

The claims , first raised by a Scottish Office Education Department report in 1991 , have led to the Commission for Racial Equality launching a formal investigation into the region 's assessment procedures for bilingual children .
the claims , first raised by a scottish office education department report in 1991 , have led to the commission for racial equality launching a formal investigation into the region 's [evaluation] procedures for bilingual children .

Details of the major study , together with an assessment of secure accommodation for severely disruptive youngsters , were revealed yesterday by Lord Fraser of Carmyllie , Scottish home affairs minister .
details of the major study , together with an [evaluation] of secure accommodation for severely disruptive youngsters , were revealed yesterday by lord fraser of carmyllie , scottish home affairs minister .

Study faults assessment of Asian pupils
study faults [evaluation] of asian pupils

Before Mr McNeill 's remarks last week , it was announced that the Commission for Relation Equality has begun a formal investigation into the assessment procedures for bilingual children in Strathclyde .
before mr mcneill 's remarks last week , it was announced that the commission for relation equality has begun a formal investigation into the [evaluation] procedures for bilingual children in strathclyde .

Before Mr McNeill 's remarks last week , it was announced that the Commission for Relation Equality has begun a formal investigation into the assessment procedures for bilingual children in Strathclyde .
before mr mcneill 's remarks last week , it was announced that the commission for relation equality has begun a formal investigation into the [evaluation] procedures for bilingual children in strathclyde .

The college is a new charitable organisation which proposes to use a nationwide network of approved driving instructors to give experienced drivers an annual assessment .
the college is a new charitable organisation which proposes to use a nationwide network of approved driving instructors to give experienced drivers an annual [evaluation] .

After the assessment , the driver will receive a written report on his driving plus advice on what to do to correct any faults .
after the [evaluation] , the driver will receive a written report on his driving plus advice on what to do to correct any faults .

In particular , the federation welcomed the introduction of income tax self assessment and the proposed reduction of audit burden for small businesses .
in particular , the federation welcomed the introduction of income tax self [evaluation] and the proposed reduction of audit burden for small businesses .

‘ Interest rate decisions are based on a continuing assessment of monetary conditions , measured principally by the growth of narrow and broad money and movements in the exchange rate and asset prices .
‘ interest rate decisions are based on a continuing [evaluation] of monetary conditions , measured principally by the growth of narrow and broad money and movements in the exchange rate and asset prices .

One way out of those extremes — and all points in between — is to ensure an annual assessment of objectives , particularly at this time in the year with the Budget just past .
one way out of those extremes — and all points in between — is to ensure an annual [evaluation] of objectives , particularly at this time in the year with the budget just past .

Tommy Burns , the Kilmarnock manager , did not accept that assessment of his side 's prospects .
tommy burns , the kilmarnock manager , did not accept that [evaluation] of his side 's prospects .

His comments arose after The Scotsman revealed that the Commission for Racial Equality has begun an unprecedented investigation into possible breaches of education and race relations law in the region 's assessment of children who speak English poorly and may have learning difficulties .
his comments arose after the scotsman revealed that the commission for racial equality has begun an unprecedented investigation into possible breaches of education and race relations law in the region 's [evaluation] of children who speak english poorly and may have learning difficulties .

The region is alleged to have largely ignored children 's bilingual and cultural backgrounds during their special needs ' assessment , and , in a high number of cases , failed to provide interpreters or bilingual psychologists during interviews with children and their parents .
the region is alleged to have largely ignored children 's bilingual and cultural backgrounds during their special needs ' [evaluation] , and , in a high number of cases , failed to provide interpreters or bilingual psychologists during interviews with children and their parents .

It 's rare nowadays to be in any form of employment without being connected to constant assessment of performance .
it 's rare nowadays to be in any form of employment without being connected to constant [evaluation] of performance .

This is drawn up by the curriculum committee , which argues that since God , death , suffering and the purpose of life are all at the heart of religion , and since children sometimes ask questions about them , the class teacher should not only teach about these matters , but be subject both to assessment procedures and to official inspection .
this is drawn up by the curriculum committee , which argues that since god , death , suffering and the purpose of life are all at the heart of religion , and since children sometimes ask questions about them , the class teacher should not only teach about these matters , but be subject both to [evaluation] procedures and to official inspection .

When Sir Keith Joseph approved the rebuilding of St Augustine 's School , officers of the county council were still attempting to make out a case for the sale of the site based on their assessment of demand for places .
when sir keith joseph approved the rebuilding of st augustine 's school , officers of the county council were still attempting to make out a case for the sale of the site based on their [evaluation] of demand for places .

Coun. John Williams , leader of Darlington borough council , said their £10.324m. standard spending assessment the amount the Government says they need to provide services was not enough to give the town its planned facelift .
coun. john williams , leader of darlington borough council , said their £10.324m. standard spending [evaluation] the amount the government says they need to provide services was not enough to give the town its planned facelift .

‘ We have a standard spending assessment of £6.155m .
‘ we have a standard spending [evaluation] of £6.155m .

No obvious explanation was available and Customs and Excise raised an assessment .
no obvious explanation was available and customs and excise raised an [evaluation] .

Sir John , chairman of the scientific group on the United Nations intergovernmental panel on climate change , and a former chief executive of the Meteorological Office , said : ‘ Never before have so many scientists from so many disciplines been involved in scientific assessment . ’
sir john , chairman of the scientific group on the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate change , and a former chief executive of the meteorological office , said : ‘ never before have so many scientists from so many disciplines been involved in scientific [evaluation] . ’

An assessment is under way of some of the most important coastal sites and already widespread damage has been found .
an [evaluation] is under way of some of the most important coastal sites and already widespread damage has been found .

His assessment of the housing market was echoed by David Cawthra , chief executive of the privately-owned Miller Group , who warned , however , that the construction side of the business , including civil engineering , was showing no signs of improvement .
his [evaluation] of the housing market was echoed by david cawthra , chief executive of the privately-owned miller group , who warned , however , that the construction side of the business , including civil engineering , was showing no signs of improvement .

The professional assessment is that the Mitre ball is heavier when it flies through the air and therefore lends itself to greater accuracy .
the professional [evaluation] is that the mitre ball is heavier when it flies through the air and therefore lends itself to greater accuracy .

With support from Paddy Connolly and Scott Crabbe , Ferguson can cause Rangers problems if he lives up to their £2.5million assessment of his worth .
with support from paddy connolly and scott crabbe , ferguson can cause rangers problems if he lives up to their £2.5million [evaluation] of his worth .

Drivers are offered talks illustrated with videos followed at the end of the course by an assessment of driving with an advanced instructor .
drivers are offered talks illustrated with videos followed at the end of the course by an [evaluation] of driving with an advanced instructor .

‘ Nothing less than the national treasures of Scotland , ’ is curator Janet Saint Germain 's assessment of the manuscripts loaned by the National Library , Glasgow University and the City of Dundee .
‘ nothing less than the national treasures of scotland , ’ is curator janet saint germain 's [evaluation] of the manuscripts loaned by the national library , glasgow university and the city of dundee .

‘ Each month approximately 300 new requests are made for an occupational therapist assessment and this level of demand far outstrips the borough 's available resources . ’
‘ each month approximately 300 new requests are made for an occupational therapist [evaluation] and this level of demand far outstrips the borough 's available resources . ’

But there is one consolation for the 37-year-old peer after assessment on the induction wing he is likely to be spared the indignity of slopping out .
but there is one consolation for the 37-year-old peer after [evaluation] on the induction wing he is likely to be spared the indignity of slopping out .

The first stage is a home assessment , when a member of the Dog Squad will visit the pet at the owner 's house and make a preliminary study .
the first stage is a home [evaluation] , when a member of the dog squad will visit the pet at the owner 's house and make a preliminary study .

The first stage ( Bronze ) can be attained by any group of youngsters who are willing to work with enthusiasm , as assessment is on the basis of improvement on the standard of movement that the student starts from ; this means that due allowance is made , where appropriate , for individual physical handicaps .
the first stage ( bronze ) can be attained by any group of youngsters who are willing to work with enthusiasm , as [evaluation] is on the basis of improvement on the standard of movement that the student starts from ; this means that due allowance is made , where appropriate , for individual physical handicaps .

We were greatly encouraged in this when , in December 1992 , the results of the latest national assessment of research were announced .
we were greatly encouraged in this when , in december 1992 , the results of the latest national [evaluation] of research were announced .

The Development Steering Group met in April to discuss a letter from the Grant Assessment Panel of the Sports Council .
the development steering group met in april to discuss a letter from the grant [evaluation] panel of the sports council .

The meeting with the Grant Assessment Panel of the Sports Council took place in February and Pauline explained how well the new plan had been received by the panel who had expressed their hope that the rise in membership numbers would be maintained .
the meeting with the grant [evaluation] panel of the sports council took place in february and pauline explained how well the new plan had been received by the panel who had expressed their hope that the rise in membership numbers would be maintained .

For instance , on the basis of last year 's births , we can make a fairly accurate assessment of the number of first-year secondary school places required in 11 or 12 years ' time , because this depends mainly on fairly stable child mortality patterns .
for instance , on the basis of last year 's births , we can make a fairly accurate [evaluation] of the number of first-year secondary school places required in 11 or 12 years ' time , because this depends mainly on fairly stable child mortality patterns .

In the design of medical experiments ( for the assessment of new drugs , for example ) two additional problems generally appear .
in the design of medical experiments ( for the [evaluation] of new drugs , for example ) two additional problems generally appear .

Enterprises have the capacity to thwart external assessment of their performance and to steer between the conflicting , multifarious pressures on them ; while the political authorities can grant or withhold economic resources and more fundamentally , general political support .
enterprises have the capacity to thwart external [evaluation] of their performance and to steer between the conflicting , multifarious pressures on them ; while the political authorities can grant or withhold economic resources and more fundamentally , general political support .

The Economist 's assessment of the mood six weeks later was that ‘ the first whiff of even a false rumour is liable to cause a run ’ ( 3 August 1974 ) .
the economist 's [evaluation] of the mood six weeks later was that ‘ the first whiff of even a false rumour is liable to cause a run ’ ( 3 august 1974 ) .

Cheshire County Council wants to sell Appleton House Assessment Centre in Upton , Chester , and to move its residents to the Gorse Hill home for the mentally handicapped in Blacon .
cheshire county council wants to sell appleton house [evaluation] centre in upton , chester , and to move its residents to the gorse hill home for the mentally handicapped in blacon .

Yet the Government 's spending assessment requires savings of £4m that will cost 140 teachers ' jobs .
yet the government 's spending [evaluation] requires savings of £4m that will cost 140 teachers ' jobs .

Her husband , who suffered from Alzheimer 's disease , was detained in hospital and sedated pending geriatric assessment .
her husband , who suffered from alzheimer 's disease , was detained in hospital and sedated pending geriatric [evaluation] .

In Newcastle residents would have £32 knocked off their £349 bill if the Government assessment of spending had been more accurate .
in newcastle residents would have £32 knocked off their £349 bill if the government [evaluation] of spending had been more accurate .

‘ In the event of an assessment of stress the purchase would be aborted . ’
‘ in the event of an [evaluation] of stress the purchase would be aborted . ’

Time for assessment
time for [evaluation]

And he will be boosted by the Lions forward coach Dick Best 's assessment that ‘ a good player can perform anywhere ’ .
and he will be boosted by the lions forward coach dick best 's [evaluation] that ‘ a good player can perform anywhere ’ .

But staff here agree the assessment has been of little value .
but staff here agree the [evaluation] has been of little value .

Children need full assessment and follow up care to aid recovery .
children need full [evaluation] and follow up care to aid recovery .

Coyle 's assessment was blunt .
coyle 's [evaluation] was blunt .

Sir Keith Joseph has recently gone on record as saying that he wished that examiners could be more objective in their assessment of what children know . Is there any application of this in chemistry that you can see ? Is there a body of chemistry that , if you knew it , you 're all right , as it were , you could pass a certain exam and if you did n't know it , or is chemistry a little bit subjective in terms of its assessment ?
sir keith joseph has recently gone on record as saying that he wished that examiners could be more objective in their [evaluation] of what children know . is there any application of this in chemistry that you can see ? is there a body of chemistry that , if you knew it , you 're all right , as it were , you could pass a certain exam and if you did n't know it , or is chemistry a little bit subjective in terms of its [evaluation] ?

If this method is barred because the headmaster does not agree that the child might have a learning difficulty called dyslexia , then the parents will have to go outside the school system and possibly go to the Dyslexia Institute at Staines , where a full assessment is carried out , with a report , which is sent to the parents .
if this method is barred because the headmaster does not agree that the child might have a learning difficulty called dyslexia , then the parents will have to go outside the school system and possibly go to the dyslexia institute at staines , where a full [evaluation] is carried out , with a report , which is sent to the parents .

In the long term , yes , but what we 're currently doing as part of the assessment of the Finmere application is just checking the resources that do exist in those four areas , to , to make sure that we 're still able to meet our targets .
in the long term , yes , but what we 're currently doing as part of the [evaluation] of the finmere application is just checking the resources that do exist in those four areas , to , to make sure that we 're still able to meet our targets .

The target level is standard spending assessment of two hundred and ninety nine million .
the target level is standard spending [evaluation] of two hundred and ninety nine million .

Government grant is distributed through a mechanism which is now called the standard spending assessment , an awful word , or phrase , but it is absolutely vital , and if you look at the standard spending assessment given to this county the government is saying we ought to be able to provide all the services for a total cost of eight hundred and seventy nine pounds per charge payer .
government grant is distributed through a mechanism which is now called the standard spending [evaluation] , an awful word , or phrase , but it is absolutely vital , and if you look at the standard spending [evaluation] given to this county the government is saying we ought to be able to provide all the services for a total cost of eight hundred and seventy nine pounds per charge payer .

Now if you look at the figure for , say , Westminster , which is a London Borough much in the news in these matters , you will see that the government is saying that they can have a standard spending assessment of seventeen hundred and twenty seven pounds per charge payer .
now if you look at the figure for , say , westminster , which is a london borough much in the news in these matters , you will see that the government is saying that they can have a standard spending [evaluation] of seventeen hundred and twenty seven pounds per charge payer .

It means if we had that spending assessment and our costs , instead of the listeners getting a bill for four hundred pounds in their letterbox in May they would get a cheque for over five hundred pounds .
it means if we had that spending [evaluation] and our costs , instead of the listeners getting a bill for four hundred pounds in their letterbox in may they would get a cheque for over five hundred pounds .

What about assessment ?
what about [evaluation] ?

of site assessment [ left ] and of off licence buying , decided to tackle the London Marathon the hard way , realsing that three legs were not better than two .
of site [evaluation] [ left ] and of off licence buying , decided to tackle the london marathon the hard way , realsing that three legs were not better than two .

Since the Survey 's seventh question asked visitors to comment on the exhibitions which they had seen on the day of their visit , it was possible , by noting the number of replies which related to each of the three exhibitions , to discover the number of visitors attracted by each exhibition , whatever their assessment of it .
since the survey 's seventh question asked visitors to comment on the exhibitions which they had seen on the day of their visit , it was possible , by noting the number of replies which related to each of the three exhibitions , to discover the number of visitors attracted by each exhibition , whatever their [evaluation] of it .

On the other hand , the research showed strong support among parents for assessment tests for youngsters , especially at age 11 .
on the other hand , the research showed strong support among parents for [evaluation] tests for youngsters , especially at age 11 .

The Governor 's brutally candid assessment struck a new blow to Mr Major as he grappled with two crises : the threat of a crippling defeat for the Government tomorrow night , and a Cabinet deadlocked over next year 's spending plans .
the governor 's brutally candid [evaluation] struck a new blow to mr major as he grappled with two crises : the threat of a crippling defeat for the government tomorrow night , and a cabinet deadlocked over next year 's spending plans .

The Governor 's brutally candid assessment struck a new blow to Mr Major as he grappled with two crises : the threat of a crippling defeat for the Government tomorrow night , and a Cabinet deadlocked over next year 's spending plans .
the governor 's brutally candid [evaluation] struck a new blow to mr major as he grappled with two crises : the threat of a crippling defeat for the government tomorrow night , and a cabinet deadlocked over next year 's spending plans .

Mrs Richards designed an assessment prompt list to aid nurses and others involved in screening people aged 75 and over who live in the community .
mrs richards designed an [evaluation] prompt list to aid nurses and others involved in screening people aged 75 and over who live in the community .

Now Southport and Formby National Health Trust has started a new Ante-natal Assessment Centrewhich is good new for many local mums-to-be .
now southport and formby national health trust has started a new ante-natal [evaluation] centrewhich is good new for many local mums-to-be .

Says Janet : ‘ Our new Ante-natal Assessment Centre allows us to monitor the mother and baby on an out-patient basis without having to admit them to hospital .
says janet : ‘ our new ante-natal [evaluation] centre allows us to monitor the mother and baby on an out-patient basis without having to admit them to hospital .

Pharmaceutical company Ciba-Geigy recently carried out an internal assessment of their 30 major suppliers ' performance .
pharmaceutical company ciba-geigy recently carried out an internal [evaluation] of their 30 major suppliers ' performance .

Continuous assessment , using a wide range of criteria , ensures a careful monitoring of progress and development .
continuous [evaluation] , using a wide range of criteria , ensures a careful monitoring of progress and development .

The intrinsic discipline of the subject is conveyed through the course-work and teaching approach , while being monitored through continuous assessment .
the intrinsic discipline of the subject is conveyed through the course-work and teaching approach , while being monitored through continuous [evaluation] .

These count as 20 % of the assessment , half of which is externally marked .
these count as 20 % of the [evaluation] , half of which is externally marked .

There is a professionally qualified Staff of three in the Learning Support Department , , who has had many years of experience here at Heriot 's , both in the Junior School and in Learning Support ; ; who has more recently joined us after several years experience in Learning Support in other schools ; and who , as Head of Department and an experienced educational psychologist , is responsible for the assessment of our pupils and for the planning of their programmes within the Department .
there is a professionally qualified staff of three in the learning support department , , who has had many years of experience here at heriot 's , both in the junior school and in learning support ; ; who has more recently joined us after several years experience in learning support in other schools ; and who , as head of department and an experienced educational psychologist , is responsible for the [evaluation] of our pupils and for the planning of their programmes within the department .

The proposals also describe how the traditional river assessment methods , as used in the survey , could be substantially improved by drawing on information about the water 's biological state .
the proposals also describe how the traditional river [evaluation] methods , as used in the survey , could be substantially improved by drawing on information about the water 's biological state .

Each of the seven criteria is weighted on an assessment grid with product and delivery carrying the most marks .
each of the seven criteria is weighted on an [evaluation] grid with product and delivery carrying the most marks .

Based on initial assessment of application , finalists will be chosen and specially trained teams of assessors will pay on-site visits to them during the summer .
based on initial [evaluation] of application , finalists will be chosen and specially trained teams of assessors will pay on-site visits to them during the summer .

‘ It will look at the way the assessment process is working , and that would certainly uncover if there are wide variations in the eligibility criteria being used by different authorities ’ .
‘ it will look at the way the [evaluation] process is working , and that would certainly uncover if there are wide variations in the eligibility criteria being used by different authorities ’ .

It calls for clear guidance to be ‘ issued urgently ’ by the DoH and , if necessary , legislation to ensure there are ‘ no inhibitions on the ability of social services departments and health authorities to make a full assessment of unmet needs ’ .
it calls for clear guidance to be ‘ issued urgently ’ by the doh and , if necessary , legislation to ensure there are ‘ no inhibitions on the ability of social services departments and health authorities to make a full [evaluation] of unmet needs ’ .

Ministers clearly recognise there is widespread concern about the outcome of the new assessment process , the wide variations appearing in eligibility criteria , and about the contracts being drawn up with the independent sector .
ministers clearly recognise there is widespread concern about the outcome of the new [evaluation] process , the wide variations appearing in eligibility criteria , and about the contracts being drawn up with the independent sector .

The charter focuses on the SSDs ' key tasks : assessment ; designing care packages ; developing contracting and purchasing ; quality assurance ; and complaints and inspection .
the charter focuses on the ssds ' key tasks : [evaluation] ; designing care packages ; developing contracting and purchasing ; quality assurance ; and complaints and inspection .

Authorities on the cutting edge of independent care management will have to intensify their monitoring of assessment costs in order to get quick handle on their care managers ' expenditure .
authorities on the cutting edge of independent care management will have to intensify their monitoring of [evaluation] costs in order to get quick handle on their care managers ' expenditure .

Knowing where assessment procedures might buckle is one thing .
knowing where [evaluation] procedures might buckle is one thing .

Social work and other professions make major contributions to decision-making in this context : knowledge of child development and patterns of parenting , of indicators of risk and harm , of the impact of economic and social oppression on family distress ; skills of systematic assessment , investigative interviewing , therapeutic intervention , advocacy and social action .
social work and other professions make major contributions to decision-making in this context : knowledge of child development and patterns of parenting , of indicators of risk and harm , of the impact of economic and social oppression on family distress ; skills of systematic [evaluation] , investigative interviewing , therapeutic intervention , advocacy and social action .

Head of assessment , Vivienne Lukey , who manages the project , believes the project provides value for money .
head of [evaluation] , vivienne lukey , who manages the project , believes the project provides value for money .

Assessment of potential .
[evaluation] of potential .

Assessment of the balance of power
[evaluation] of the balance of power

If the seller knows the number of companies who are competing for the order , their likely stances , the criteria used by the buying organisation when deciding between them , the degree of pressure on key members of the decision making unit , and any formula they might use for assessing price acceptability , an accurate assessment of the power balance should be possible .
if the seller knows the number of companies who are competing for the order , their likely stances , the criteria used by the buying organisation when deciding between them , the degree of pressure on key members of the decision making unit , and any formula they might use for assessing price acceptability , an accurate [evaluation] of the power balance should be possible .

The correct response depends upon the outcome of the assessment of the balance of power conducted during preparation .
the correct response depends upon the outcome of the [evaluation] of the balance of power conducted during preparation .

Gas Safety , Testing and Purging — an intensive theory and practical course including competence assessment .
gas safety , testing and purging — an intensive theory and practical course including competence [evaluation] .

And it soon became apparent that very little of what we did in the department would pass any objective assessment of a clearly understood and resourced process to satisfy agreed customer requirements .
and it soon became apparent that very little of what we did in the department would pass any objective [evaluation] of a clearly understood and resourced process to satisfy agreed customer requirements .

does that mean that the assessment for each church will remain the same for a couple of years ? Is that the er , is that the implication ?
does that mean that the [evaluation] for each church will remain the same for a couple of years ? is that the er , is that the implication ?

or other if the assessment will increase ?
or other if the [evaluation] will increase ?

’ This assessment is borne out in part by what Gandhi himself says about the need for sexual renunciation in order to realize God .
’ this [evaluation] is borne out in part by what gandhi himself says about the need for sexual renunciation in order to realize god .

Satyāgraha was resorted to in the case of the peasant cultivators of Kheda , who sought suspension of the payment of an annual revenue assessment because of the failure of crops and an impending famine . It resulted in a Government compromise which , though not entirely satisfactory , enabled the peasant to realize the benefit of joint action in a just cause and forced Government employees to understand the conditions of the peasants ,
satyāgraha was resorted to in the case of the peasant cultivators of kheda , who sought suspension of the payment of an annual revenue [evaluation] because of the failure of crops and an impending famine . it resulted in a government compromise which , though not entirely satisfactory , enabled the peasant to realize the benefit of joint action in a just cause and forced government employees to understand the conditions of the peasants ,

If what Tillich says of the Buddhist concept of compassion were taken to apply also to the Hindu concept of compassion , then his assessment is equally inaccurate in that context .
if what tillich says of the buddhist concept of compassion were taken to apply also to the hindu concept of compassion , then his [evaluation] is equally inaccurate in that context .

Surveying the African scene , Hailey found no sign of the existence of organized mass opposition to British rule , an assessment with which , in fact , most students of the subject would currently agree .
surveying the african scene , hailey found no sign of the existence of organized mass opposition to british rule , an [evaluation] with which , in fact , most students of the subject would currently agree .

Regular readers will have noticed that a number of our recipes are now followed by an assessment of their nutritional content .
regular readers will have noticed that a number of our recipes are now followed by an [evaluation] of their nutritional content .

In addition , rooms had to be provided for staff of the Mineral Assessment Unit which started work in Scotland in 1974 .
in addition , rooms had to be provided for staff of the mineral [evaluation] unit which started work in scotland in 1974 .

Without some assessment of what proportion of cases are likely to respond to homoeopathic treatment , an estimate of its efficacy when compared with other therapies is impossible .
without some [evaluation] of what proportion of cases are likely to respond to homoeopathic treatment , an estimate of its efficacy when compared with other therapies is impossible .

Some knowing souls disagree with the national selectors ' assessment in reckoning that Watt is too tall for a prop and that in the 1990 District Championship he was the outstanding ball-winner at the front of the line-out .
some knowing souls disagree with the national selectors ' [evaluation] in reckoning that watt is too tall for a prop and that in the 1990 district championship he was the outstanding ball-winner at the front of the line-out .

And although a three-man Newcastle delegation will watch Andersson against Ghent tonight , boss Keegan fears club politics are hampering his assessment of the player .
and although a three-man newcastle delegation will watch andersson against ghent tonight , boss keegan fears club politics are hampering his [evaluation] of the player .

Lazio 's doctor Claudio Bartolini explained that it will be 24 hours before he can make a true assessment of the damage .
lazio 's doctor claudio bartolini explained that it will be 24 hours before he can make a true [evaluation] of the damage .

The emphasis placed on current practice could be described as self-sufficiency ; an ability to make and act upon decisions arrived at from a position of sound professional judgement , decisions arrived at independently of doctors but complementary to their assessment of patients .
the emphasis placed on current practice could be described as self-sufficiency ; an ability to make and act upon decisions arrived at from a position of sound professional judgement , decisions arrived at independently of doctors but complementary to their [evaluation] of patients .

If you are in this position , or even if you are lucky enough to have obtained a place on a re-entry course , it may help to make a tentative assessment of the skills you feel need to be reassessed in order to practise safely .
if you are in this position , or even if you are lucky enough to have obtained a place on a re-entry course , it may help to make a tentative [evaluation] of the skills you feel need to be reassessed in order to practise safely .

It is difficult for them to know just how great are the gaps in your knowledge and the limitations on your competence , and so they will depend on you to make your own initial assessment .
it is difficult for them to know just how great are the gaps in your knowledge and the limitations on your competence , and so they will depend on you to make your own initial [evaluation] .

Such nurses need to benefit from an individual appraisal and assessment of their experience and skills so that re-entry becomes a natural progression for them rather than a hurdle to be jumped .
such nurses need to benefit from an individual appraisal and [evaluation] of their experience and skills so that re-entry becomes a natural progression for them rather than a hurdle to be jumped .

As part of the move towards a single grade of nurse , enrolled nurses who wish and are able , are to be encouraged to convert to first level nurse status by way of a conversion course or some other approved means of study and assessment of competence .
as part of the move towards a single grade of nurse , enrolled nurses who wish and are able , are to be encouraged to convert to first level nurse status by way of a conversion course or some other approved means of study and [evaluation] of competence .

Learners , for instance , may not be held accountable , because accountability implies knowledge , and it is unlikely that the learner will have acquired sufficient knowledge or have sufficient practical experience on which to base the assessment of the care given .
learners , for instance , may not be held accountable , because accountability implies knowledge , and it is unlikely that the learner will have acquired sufficient knowledge or have sufficient practical experience on which to base the [evaluation] of the care given .

An example of a useful self assessment exercise is also provided .
an example of a useful self [evaluation] exercise is also provided .

During this ten minutes , the other colleague merely listens to the other person 's assessment .
during this ten minutes , the other colleague merely listens to the other person 's [evaluation] .

Its advantage is that it allows a far deeper and richer assessment to be made than the pen and paper exercise .
its advantage is that it allows a far deeper and richer [evaluation] to be made than the pen and paper exercise .

Self assessment may also take place in a group context .
self [evaluation] may also take place in a group context .

Following assessment and successful completion of a period of consolidation the nurse is then encouraged to proceed into a two part professional studies programme which leads to the National Board for Scotland Diploma in Professional Studies .
following [evaluation] and successful completion of a period of consolidation the nurse is then encouraged to proceed into a two part professional studies programme which leads to the national board for scotland diploma in professional studies .

Carry out those activities involved when conducting the comprehensive assessment of a person 's nursing requirements .
carry out those activities involved when conducting the comprehensive [evaluation] of a person 's nursing requirements .

Recognise the significance of observations made of a patient and use these to develop an initial nursing assessment .
recognise the significance of observations made of a patient and use these to develop an initial nursing [evaluation] .

Devise a plan of nursing based on the assessment , with the co-operation of the patient , to the extent that this is possible , taking into account the medical prescription .
devise a plan of nursing based on the [evaluation] , with the co-operation of the patient , to the extent that this is possible , taking into account the medical prescription .

Pain assessment and control , and the care of the terminally ill person and his family .
pain [evaluation] and control , and the care of the terminally ill person and his family .

As he bustled into No 10 , he did n't notice the workmen 's assessment of his performance .
as he bustled into no 10 , he did n't notice the workmen 's [evaluation] of his performance .

Much of his decision was based on his assessment of Walsh and Hayling , who was also present , and of their business plan .
much of his decision was based on his [evaluation] of walsh and hayling , who was also present , and of their business plan .

It may be prudent to discuss the possibility of a candidate 's overseas posting with as many managers whom he has dealings with as possible or send the employee to an assessment centre .
it may be prudent to discuss the possibility of a candidate 's overseas posting with as many managers whom he has dealings with as possible or send the employee to an [evaluation] centre .

In determining an employee 's suitability , it is necessary to gain an assessment of his domestic circumstances .
in determining an employee 's suitability , it is necessary to gain an [evaluation] of his domestic circumstances .

Using this method , the employee 's basic salary is determined from an assessment of his needs in the host country which are costed by both home and host country prices .
using this method , the employee 's basic salary is determined from an [evaluation] of his needs in the host country which are costed by both home and host country prices .

Thus , we would caution against drawing general conclusions from analyses of specific areas of law , and we would argue that it is important to develop , not a theory of law , but a theory of the role of law in society to enable a clearer assessment of the extent or limits of law 's importance .
thus , we would caution against drawing general conclusions from analyses of specific areas of law , and we would argue that it is important to develop , not a theory of law , but a theory of the role of law in society to enable a clearer [evaluation] of the extent or limits of law 's importance .

Once we have discussed some of the different ways of thinking about law which are raised by the contributions in this section , we will try to place these within a wider framework and so work towards an assessment of the potential role of law and lawyers within the peace movement .
once we have discussed some of the different ways of thinking about law which are raised by the contributions in this section , we will try to place these within a wider framework and so work towards an [evaluation] of the potential role of law and lawyers within the peace movement .

Thus , consideration should be given to the way in which policy goals may be effectively translated into political and legal reality , based on both a realistic perception of the obstacles that have to be overcome and an accurate assessment of the contribution which lawyers and litigation may make in promoting desirable social change .
thus , consideration should be given to the way in which policy goals may be effectively translated into political and legal reality , based on both a realistic perception of the obstacles that have to be overcome and an accurate [evaluation] of the contribution which lawyers and litigation may make in promoting desirable social change .

The cat owners ' assessment of their health had returned to what they reported just before acquiring a feline friend , but dog owners continued to report improvements in their health and well being .
the cat owners ' [evaluation] of their health had returned to what they reported just before acquiring a feline friend , but dog owners continued to report improvements in their health and well being .

The Home Help Supervisor will then call to see what type and amount of help is required , and assist them if necessary to complete the forms on which the assessment for payment will be made .
the home help supervisor will then call to see what type and amount of help is required , and assist them if necessary to complete the forms on which the [evaluation] for payment will be made .

He took a gulp of his coffee , then went on : ‘ We 've got a personality assessment from the trick-cyclist .
he took a gulp of his coffee , then went on : ‘ we 've got a personality [evaluation] from the trick-cyclist .

little seems to have been done in the way of formal schemes of assessment of pedestrian problems or of priorities for maintenance or design .
little seems to have been done in the way of formal schemes of [evaluation] of pedestrian problems or of priorities for maintenance or design .

In our assessment of colour , association is the key word .
in our [evaluation] of colour , association is the key word .

An exhibition can be viewed as a means of getting noticed and attracting publicity and contracts : as a rare chance of seeing a good deal of your recent work together and thus creating an opportunity for self-evaluation and an assessment of the way your work is developing ; and , by no means least , as a way of selling work .
an exhibition can be viewed as a means of getting noticed and attracting publicity and contracts : as a rare chance of seeing a good deal of your recent work together and thus creating an opportunity for self-evaluation and an [evaluation] of the way your work is developing ; and , by no means least , as a way of selling work .

The chapters in this section of the reader consider various aspects of teaching and learning that have come under increased official scrutiny by central state agencies in recent years , particularly the curriculum of schools , the assessment of pupil performance in school and the quality of teaching itself .
the chapters in this section of the reader consider various aspects of teaching and learning that have come under increased official scrutiny by central state agencies in recent years , particularly the curriculum of schools , the [evaluation] of pupil performance in school and the quality of teaching itself .

It is not surprising , then , that the vocational uses have occupied a central position in the assessment of education for all sectors of the political spectrum .
it is not surprising , then , that the vocational uses have occupied a central position in the [evaluation] of education for all sectors of the political spectrum .

The assessment of standards .
the [evaluation] of standards .

That government made standards in education a principal plank in its election platform and the action undertaken by that government in relation to curriculum and assessment is part of a wider and coherent strategy on standards in education .
that government made standards in education a principal plank in its election platform and the action undertaken by that government in relation to curriculum and [evaluation] is part of a wider and coherent strategy on standards in education .

Finally , the bodies created by Sir Keith Joseph — the School Curriculum Development Committee and the Secondary Examinations Council — would be replaced by a National Curriculum Council and a School Examinations and Assessment Council , both appointed by the Secretary of State , with responsibility to offer him advice on the national curriculum and its assessment .
finally , the bodies created by sir keith joseph — the school curriculum development committee and the secondary examinations council — would be replaced by a national curriculum council and a school examinations and [evaluation] council , both appointed by the secretary of state , with responsibility to offer him advice on the national curriculum and its [evaluation] .

The effectiveness of these centralized procedures is demonstrated in the management of the major programme of changes in curriculum and assessment currently taking place in Scotland .
the effectiveness of these centralized procedures is demonstrated in the management of the major programme of changes in curriculum and [evaluation] currently taking place in scotland .

Two national committees were established in 1974 , one by the Consultative Committee on the curriculum , the nominated body responsible for advising the Secretary of State on curriculum matters , to examine the structure of the curriculum for 14–16 year olds ( the Munn Committee ) and the other by the Secretary of State himself to consider assessment at 16+ ( the Dunning Committee ) .
two national committees were established in 1974 , one by the consultative committee on the curriculum , the nominated body responsible for advising the secretary of state on curriculum matters , to examine the structure of the curriculum for 14–16 year olds ( the munn committee ) and the other by the secretary of state himself to consider [evaluation] at 16+ ( the dunning committee ) .

Dunning recommended a complex pattern of ‘ assessment for all ’ , covering the whole age range and enabling pupils to reach one of three levels of achievement — merit , general or foundation — in each area of study .
dunning recommended a complex pattern of ‘ [evaluation] for all ’ , covering the whole age range and enabling pupils to reach one of three levels of achievement — merit , general or foundation — in each area of study .

When the Secretary of State endorsed the curriculum framework proposed by Munn he also intimated that the assessment proposals foreshadowed in the Dunning report would be implemented .
when the secretary of state endorsed the curriculum framework proposed by munn he also intimated that the [evaluation] proposals foreshadowed in the dunning report would be implemented .

After further piloting of appropriate curriculum and assessment materials the Secretary of State intimated in 1982 that there would be a phased implementation of the proposals , beginning in August 1984 .
after further piloting of appropriate curriculum and [evaluation] materials the secretary of state intimated in 1982 that there would be a phased implementation of the proposals , beginning in august 1984 .

That decision called for the establishment of joint working parties , for each of the subject areas , with responsibility for devising guidelines for the new syllabuses and specifying the detailed criteria relating to their assessment .
that decision called for the establishment of joint working parties , for each of the subject areas , with responsibility for devising guidelines for the new syllabuses and specifying the detailed criteria relating to their [evaluation] .

In the first place , a working party set up to simplify the complex technicalities of the original assessment proposals generated a system which was more intelligible and rational .
in the first place , a working party set up to simplify the complex technicalities of the original [evaluation] proposals generated a system which was more intelligible and rational .

In November 1987 the government produced a consultation paper entitled Curriculum and Assessment in Scotland : a policy for the 90s .
in november 1987 the government produced a consultation paper entitled curriculum and [evaluation] in scotland : a policy for the 90s .

It is envisaged that much of the assessment will be done by teachers as an integral part of their normal classroom work .
it is envisaged that much of the [evaluation] will be done by teachers as an integral part of their normal classroom work .

This age-related assessment is thus intended to complement the usual assessment procedures of a school .
this age-related [evaluation] is thus intended to complement the usual [evaluation] procedures of a school .

at the heart of the assessment process there will be nationally prescribed tests done by all pupils to supplement the individual teachers ' assessments … The actual tests and other forms of assessment will be developed and piloted by various organizations on behalf of the government .
at the heart of the [evaluation] process there will be nationally prescribed tests done by all pupils to supplement the individual teachers ' assessments … the actual tests and other forms of [evaluation] will be developed and piloted by various organizations on behalf of the government .

Curriculum and assessment are , as every teacher knows , inextricably interwoven .
curriculum and [evaluation] are , as every teacher knows , inextricably interwoven .

When a method of assessment is decided upon , the teacher usually finds this affects curriculum content in various and sometimes subtle ways .
when a method of [evaluation] is decided upon , the teacher usually finds this affects curriculum content in various and sometimes subtle ways .

Following the best of recent professional practice in assessment , it argues for four basic criteria : assessment should be criterion-referenced ; formative ; moderated ; and lead to progression .
following the best of recent professional practice in [evaluation] , it argues for four basic criteria : [evaluation] should be criterion-referenced ; formative ; moderated ; and lead to progression .

Throughout the report there is evidence that important lessons have been learnt from recent work on records of achievement and developments in graded assessment .
throughout the report there is evidence that important lessons have been learnt from recent work on records of achievement and developments in graded [evaluation] .

The more parents understand the details of the curriculum content and methods of assessment , the more likely they are to act in partnership with teachers to foster pupil motivation and hard work .
the more parents understand the details of the curriculum content and methods of [evaluation] , the more likely they are to act in partnership with teachers to foster pupil motivation and hard work .

weakening of the public examination system and attenuation of its influence on the school curriculum , possibly in favour of more continuous and pupil-centred forms of assessment , recording and review ;
weakening of the public examination system and attenuation of its influence on the school curriculum , possibly in favour of more continuous and pupil-centred forms of [evaluation] , recording and review ;

The Side Effects of Assessment Derek Rowntree
the side effects of [evaluation] derek rowntree

The Competitive Aspects of Assessment
the competitive aspects of [evaluation]

Contesting with others over the extrinsic spoils of learning is one aspect of competitive assessment .
contesting with others over the extrinsic spoils of learning is one aspect of competitive [evaluation] .

Jules Henry ( 1969 ) describes how a classroom atmosphere of competitive assessment fosters such a tendency .
jules henry ( 1969 ) describes how a classroom atmosphere of competitive [evaluation] fosters such a tendency .

What are the side effects of an assessment system believed by students ( whether rightly or wrongly ) to be competitive ?
what are the side effects of an [evaluation] system believed by students ( whether rightly or wrongly ) to be competitive ?

Unfortunately , the ethos of competitive assessment often leads the student who has failed on a few tasks ( e.g .
unfortunately , the ethos of competitive [evaluation] often leads the student who has failed on a few tasks ( e.g .

Perhaps this attitude of ‘ cooling it ’ , ‘ turning off ’ , ‘ keeping his head down ’ , ‘ disengaging ’ on the part of the failing student is a special case of what Roy Cox ( 1967 ) had in mind when he said : ‘ It is clear that where students are assessed in a way which is not seen to be relevant to what they are aiming at they will tend to distort and degrade the assessment so that it does not become a source of esteem .
perhaps this attitude of ‘ cooling it ’ , ‘ turning off ’ , ‘ keeping his head down ’ , ‘ disengaging ’ on the part of the failing student is a special case of what roy cox ( 1967 ) had in mind when he said : ‘ it is clear that where students are assessed in a way which is not seen to be relevant to what they are aiming at they will tend to distort and degrade the [evaluation] so that it does not become a source of esteem .

Peter Vandome and his colleagues ( 1973 ) neatly sum up some of the pernicious side effects of competitive assessment at college level :
peter vandome and his colleagues ( 1973 ) neatly sum up some of the pernicious side effects of competitive [evaluation] at college level :

Much of the criticism of assessment is aimed at ‘ the grading system ’ .
much of the criticism of [evaluation] is aimed at ‘ the grading system ’ .

The side effects usually blamed on grades are , in fact , those we have already seen associated with other aspects of assessment systems — emphasis on the easily-measured , unfairness , standardization , competition , extrinsic rewards .
the side effects usually blamed on grades are , in fact , those we have already seen associated with other aspects of [evaluation] systems — emphasis on the easily-measured , unfairness , standardization , competition , extrinsic rewards .

Consider the assessment process .
consider the [evaluation] process .

Sometimes he/she will do this for an individual assessment event ( e.g .
sometimes he/she will do this for an individual [evaluation] event ( e.g .

If an assessor were to respond to the girl mentioned above in the terms of Frances Stevens 's assessment , he might well find her anxious to draw his attention to other qualities of her work which had been overlooked and which might revise his overall assessment .
if an assessor were to respond to the girl mentioned above in the terms of frances stevens 's [evaluation] , he might well find her anxious to draw his attention to other qualities of her work which had been overlooked and which might revise his overall [evaluation] .

In the context of bureaucratic assessment , however , it could only be regarded as ‘ noise in the system ’ .
in the context of bureaucratic [evaluation] , however , it could only be regarded as ‘ noise in the system ’ .

This analysis will also require us to take into consideration still other developments in assessment procedures which are currently taking place .
this analysis will also require us to take into consideration still other developments in [evaluation] procedures which are currently taking place .

In particular it is necessary to consider the graded assessment movement , variously called graded tests or graduated assessments , and experiments with modular accreditation techniques .
in particular it is necessary to consider the graded [evaluation] movement , variously called graded tests or graduated assessments , and experiments with modular accreditation techniques .

It is beyond the scope of this chapter to consider in detail the strengths and weaknesses of this whole constellation of assessment initiatives .
it is beyond the scope of this chapter to consider in detail the strengths and weaknesses of this whole constellation of [evaluation] initiatives .

In place of a ‘ sudden death ’ , once-and-for-all examination , is growing support for assessment which is an integral part of day-to-day teaching and learning , which helps pupils come to understand themselves better , as well as helping the outside world , subsequently , to understand the qualities of that pupil .
in place of a ‘ sudden death ’ , once-and-for-all examination , is growing support for [evaluation] which is an integral part of day-to-day teaching and learning , which helps pupils come to understand themselves better , as well as helping the outside world , subsequently , to understand the qualities of that pupil .

These similarities emphasize the coherence of the contemporary assessment climate .
these similarities emphasize the coherence of the contemporary [evaluation] climate .

The answer to this question needs to be couched as much in curriculum terms as in assessment terms .
the answer to this question needs to be couched as much in curriculum terms as in [evaluation] terms .

Despite their differences , however , both initiatives are associated with an increasing interest in modular-based curriculum provision , and with forms of assessment which can take into account the wide range of outcomes they are designed to achieve .
despite their differences , however , both initiatives are associated with an increasing interest in modular-based curriculum provision , and with forms of [evaluation] which can take into account the wide range of outcomes they are designed to achieve .

It is relatively easy , for example , to envisage a complementary relationship between a profiling system which is primarily confined to the pastoral work of a school which will then complement the more conventional assessment procedures .
it is relatively easy , for example , to envisage a complementary relationship between a profiling system which is primarily confined to the pastoral work of a school which will then complement the more conventional [evaluation] procedures .

Many of the schemes currently being developed in various parts of the country are using the establishment of a record-of-achievement procedure to engage teachers in a fundamental review of their curricular goals , their teaching methods and hence their assessment criteria , with a view to stimulating a wide-ranging review of school arrangements .
many of the schemes currently being developed in various parts of the country are using the establishment of a record-of-achievement procedure to engage teachers in a fundamental review of their curricular goals , their teaching methods and hence their [evaluation] criteria , with a view to stimulating a wide-ranging review of school arrangements .

Teachers readily admit at the present time that in most cases they have had little or no training in assessment procedures , and therefore feel they lack both the skills and the confidence to take on a more responsible role in certification .
teachers readily admit at the present time that in most cases they have had little or no training in [evaluation] procedures , and therefore feel they lack both the skills and the confidence to take on a more responsible role in certification .

The problem is one of the continuing dominance of traditional models of assessment at the same time as trying to introduce other models based on quite different educational premises .
the problem is one of the continuing dominance of traditional models of [evaluation] at the same time as trying to introduce other models based on quite different educational premises .

It is certainly possible that the confluence of various tides of change in assessment policy will prove instrumental in creating a wave of sufficient magnitude to bring about a revolution in attitudes to 16+ certification : of generating a degree of momentum that no single initiative could achieve by itself .
it is certainly possible that the confluence of various tides of change in [evaluation] policy will prove instrumental in creating a wave of sufficient magnitude to bring about a revolution in attitudes to 16+ certification : of generating a degree of momentum that no single initiative could achieve by itself .

Professor Parker shows that this is not always a matter of dispassionate assessment but may turn on whether the research is seen to be delivering ‘ good ’ news or ‘ bad ’ news .
professor parker shows that this is not always a matter of dispassionate [evaluation] but may turn on whether the research is seen to be delivering ‘ good ’ news or ‘ bad ’ news .

As before , the problems of interpreting outcomes outweigh the difficulties of assessment and some of the criteria used in research have been criticized for their cultural and class bias .
as before , the problems of interpreting outcomes outweigh the difficulties of [evaluation] and some of the criteria used in research have been criticized for their cultural and class bias .

First , it can clarify concepts and issues and so help with the assessment and understanding of clients ' problems .
first , it can clarify concepts and issues and so help with the [evaluation] and understanding of clients ' problems .

In contrast , however , the Cleveland Report is particularly sensitive to such issues in relation to sexual abuse and spends considerable time trying to weigh the often conflicting evidence it received on identification and assessment , particularly in terms of the reflex anal dilatation test .
in contrast , however , the cleveland report is particularly sensitive to such issues in relation to sexual abuse and spends considerable time trying to weigh the often conflicting evidence it received on identification and [evaluation] , particularly in terms of the reflex anal dilatation test .

One area for which it is possible to offer some qualitative assessment of performance is financial and commercial services .
one area for which it is possible to offer some qualitative [evaluation] of performance is financial and commercial services .

When an aircraft design has evolved significantly , a critical assessment should be made by the certification authority in association with the manufacturer as to the validity of extrapolation of the original design data when applied to a developed aircraft variant .
when an aircraft design has evolved significantly , a critical [evaluation] should be made by the certification authority in association with the manufacturer as to the validity of extrapolation of the original design data when applied to a developed aircraft variant .

This takes us into the nebulous area of psychological assessment , but it is also the case that the supply of information must be of the right type and in the right form to enable human beings to respond and act correctly , especially the air traffic controllers and the flight crew .
this takes us into the nebulous area of psychological [evaluation] , but it is also the case that the supply of information must be of the right type and in the right form to enable human beings to respond and act correctly , especially the air traffic controllers and the flight crew .

An articulate Inspector of Accidents who has personal experience of these matters is possibly better able to make an assessment of such things than a lawyer who has little more experience than turbulence in flight spilling some of the champagne in the first class section of the cabin .
an articulate inspector of accidents who has personal experience of these matters is possibly better able to make an [evaluation] of such things than a lawyer who has little more experience than turbulence in flight spilling some of the champagne in the first class section of the cabin .

The investigators could see that the fractures of the wings indicated overloading , but such a technical assessment measured against the indisputable evidence that the wings had failed in flight would have been unconvincing , not to say inconvenient , to the news hawk and the potential litigant .
the investigators could see that the fractures of the wings indicated overloading , but such a technical [evaluation] measured against the indisputable evidence that the wings had failed in flight would have been unconvincing , not to say inconvenient , to the news hawk and the potential litigant .

‘ Shortcomings in design assessment , certification and inspection procedures were contributory factors . ’
‘ shortcomings in design [evaluation] , certification and inspection procedures were contributory factors . ’

What shortcomings in design assessment ? Again , in an earlier part of the report we read :
what shortcomings in design [evaluation] ? again , in an earlier part of the report we read :

Attendance one evening a week plus termly day school Assessment by course work and dissertation
attendance one evening a week plus termly day school [evaluation] by course work and dissertation

Sports and Fitness Assessment Ltd. offer :
sports and fitness [evaluation] ltd. offer :

His considered assessment was that Ken 's narrative verse was ‘ often cumbrous ’ and his lyric verse ‘ not seldom languid and redundant ; yet all breathing an angelic spirit interspersed with such pure and bright touches of poetry that a reader will scarcely find it in his heart to criticize him ’ .
his considered [evaluation] was that ken 's narrative verse was ‘ often cumbrous ’ and his lyric verse ‘ not seldom languid and redundant ; yet all breathing an angelic spirit interspersed with such pure and bright touches of poetry that a reader will scarcely find it in his heart to criticize him ’ .

Our own solution has been to subject the material about each author to a formal analysis , applying a psychiatric assessment procedure that is widely used in research and clinical practice .
our own solution has been to subject the material about each author to a formal analysis , applying a psychiatric [evaluation] procedure that is widely used in research and clinical practice .

All psychiatric assessment procedures contain an instruction to set aside as diagnostically insignificant any experience that occurs as part of a shared religious or subcultural belief system .
all psychiatric [evaluation] procedures contain an instruction to set aside as diagnostically insignificant any experience that occurs as part of a shared religious or subcultural belief system .

We provide short term medical assessment and rehabilitation of those newly diagnosed , and long term care if necessary .
we provide short term medical [evaluation] and rehabilitation of those newly diagnosed , and long term care if necessary .

The results are published in six Mineral Assessment reports , which include 12 resource maps at 1:25 000 , covering 1987 square kilometres .
the results are published in six mineral [evaluation] reports , which include 12 resource maps at 1:25 000 , covering 1987 square kilometres .

The results of the surveys provide geological input to land-use and physical planning , and help in preventing unnecessary sterilisation of resources , reducing possible conflict between development and conservation , and providing an assessment of the future supply of sand and gravel to the building and construction industries .
the results of the surveys provide geological input to land-use and physical planning , and help in preventing unnecessary sterilisation of resources , reducing possible conflict between development and conservation , and providing an [evaluation] of the future supply of sand and gravel to the building and construction industries .

An ongoing project is concerned with the assessment of mineral deposits such as building materials and industrial minerals for local use ( which are of little interest to international mining companies ) , and the development of techniques for beneficiating minerals from such deposits .
an ongoing project is concerned with the [evaluation] of mineral deposits such as building materials and industrial minerals for local use ( which are of little interest to international mining companies ) , and the development of techniques for beneficiating minerals from such deposits .

‘ The real problem is once again the Government is trying to rush through a complex pattern of assessment without the resources or time to give it the proper foundations .
‘ the real problem is once again the government is trying to rush through a complex pattern of [evaluation] without the resources or time to give it the proper foundations .

The A-level is also being looked at by the School Examinations and Assessment Council , but ideas are in still in the very early stages .
the a-level is also being looked at by the school examinations and [evaluation] council , but ideas are in still in the very early stages .

It is not , however , opposed to any other form of assessment in schools .
it is not , however , opposed to any other form of [evaluation] in schools .

Rather , it seems preferable that , in making a general assessment of the quality of life of a particular old person , some attempt be made to examine the negative and positive aspects of the relationships which they presently experience .
rather , it seems preferable that , in making a general [evaluation] of the quality of life of a particular old person , some attempt be made to examine the negative and positive aspects of the relationships which they presently experience .

It seems clear that , with careful safeguards , we need some legal machinery , similar to the provision of Place of Safety Orders for children , by which an old person could be received into residential care for their own protection , at least for a limited period of time , which would afford a breathing space for all concerned and enable a proper assessment to be made of the situation — including the wishes of the old person once they were out of the violent or neglectful environment .
it seems clear that , with careful safeguards , we need some legal machinery , similar to the provision of place of safety orders for children , by which an old person could be received into residential care for their own protection , at least for a limited period of time , which would afford a breathing space for all concerned and enable a proper [evaluation] to be made of the situation — including the wishes of the old person once they were out of the violent or neglectful environment .

One has only to think of the range of services to which an old person may or may not be entitled to see that , even if power is in general exercised responsibly , old people and their informal carers are particularly vulnerable to professional neglect , abuse of power or , more often and more excusably , to inexpert or biased assessment .
one has only to think of the range of services to which an old person may or may not be entitled to see that , even if power is in general exercised responsibly , old people and their informal carers are particularly vulnerable to professional neglect , abuse of power or , more often and more excusably , to inexpert or biased [evaluation] .

Private homes increasingly provide another avenue for such old people because of the availability of social security payments without functional assessment for those eligible .
private homes increasingly provide another avenue for such old people because of the availability of social security payments without functional [evaluation] for those eligible .

If some form of assessment of need for such care is introduced , as seems likely , we shall then have a situation in which old people with private means can choose such care but most will have to prove need .
if some form of [evaluation] of need for such care is introduced , as seems likely , we shall then have a situation in which old people with private means can choose such care but most will have to prove need .

Such risk assessment is sometimes complicated by the pressure from relatives who do not live near .
such risk [evaluation] is sometimes complicated by the pressure from relatives who do not live near .

This is an environmental assessment which complements the assessments made of individual old people and their immediate domestic context .
this is an environmental [evaluation] which complements the assessments made of individual old people and their immediate domestic context .

This chapter examines issues of assessment confronted by practitioners in different settings .
this chapter examines issues of [evaluation] confronted by practitioners in different settings .

It reviews current practices and offers suggestions for their improvement through the development of affirmative assessment .
it reviews current practices and offers suggestions for their improvement through the development of affirmative [evaluation] .

It is also because improving practice in the area of assessment can be done without requiring large increases in financial resources .
it is also because improving practice in the area of [evaluation] can be done without requiring large increases in financial resources .

For these reasons it is worth considering carefully the kinds of approach to assessment that are currently available , and examining ways of improving these .
for these reasons it is worth considering carefully the kinds of approach to [evaluation] that are currently available , and examining ways of improving these .

One traditional approach to assessment is stereotypical labelling by practitioners .
one traditional approach to [evaluation] is stereotypical labelling by practitioners .

Such an approach can bring the whole notion of assessment into disrepute , as well as misunderstand particular individuals .
such an approach can bring the whole notion of [evaluation] into disrepute , as well as misunderstand particular individuals .

This approach to assessment is in decline , although unfortunately not yet extinct .
this approach to [evaluation] is in decline , although unfortunately not yet extinct .

The first of these current approaches is that of functional assessment .
the first of these current approaches is that of functional [evaluation] .

Functional assessment
functional [evaluation]

Conversely , the assessment of insufficient performance points clearly to the sort of services necessary to redress or compensate for functional deficits .
conversely , the [evaluation] of insufficient performance points clearly to the sort of services necessary to redress or compensate for functional deficits .

Functional assessment appears to have developed to avoid the limitations of other traditions of diagnosis .
functional [evaluation] appears to have developed to avoid the limitations of other traditions of diagnosis .

The strength of functional assessment is to point out that an elder who can not dress will require the same care , irrespective of whether this condition results from a stroke , severe arthritis , an obsessional neurosis , or a low self-esteem .
the strength of functional [evaluation] is to point out that an elder who can not dress will require the same care , irrespective of whether this condition results from a stroke , severe arthritis , an obsessional neurosis , or a low self-esteem .

Fillenbaum indicates that the main areas of functional assessment chosen for operational use are activities of daily living , physical and mental health , social life , and economic status .
fillenbaum indicates that the main areas of functional [evaluation] chosen for operational use are activities of daily living , physical and mental health , social life , and economic status .

The focus of such assessment has already been noted as that of current , rather than past or future , level of functioning .
the focus of such [evaluation] has already been noted as that of current , rather than past or future , level of functioning .

These ensure systematic assessment , and can be tested for reliability and validity .
these ensure systematic [evaluation] , and can be tested for reliability and validity .

These methods give functional approaches an affinity with the selective approach to assessment that will be considered later .
these methods give functional approaches an affinity with the selective approach to [evaluation] that will be considered later .

The main uses of functional assessment seem to be to select from available services to remedy any incapacities assessed , to help to prevent functional deterioration , and to highlight areas of functioning which merit fuller assessment than can be achieved by this approach .
the main uses of functional [evaluation] seem to be to select from available services to remedy any incapacities assessed , to help to prevent functional deterioration , and to highlight areas of functioning which merit fuller [evaluation] than can be achieved by this approach .

Thirdly , the quantitative format of functional assessment lends itself to use by managers and policy makers as survey data instead of as individual assessments .
thirdly , the quantitative format of functional [evaluation] lends itself to use by managers and policy makers as survey data instead of as individual assessments .

Many practitioners know this , and may be put off from benefiting from the undoubted if limited strengths of functional assessment .
many practitioners know this , and may be put off from benefiting from the undoubted if limited strengths of functional [evaluation] .

First , however , consideration must be given to the other major approach to assessment that informs current practice .
first , however , consideration must be given to the other major approach to [evaluation] that informs current practice .

Selective assessment
selective [evaluation]

This second major approach hinges on a distinction that can be made between selective assessment and affirmative assessment .
this second major approach hinges on a distinction that can be made between selective [evaluation] and affirmative [evaluation] .

Where services are provided on the basis of the principle of universality , such as national insurance retirement pensions , only enough assessment is required to confirm that a person falls within an impersonal category .
where services are provided on the basis of the principle of universality , such as national insurance retirement pensions , only enough [evaluation] is required to confirm that a person falls within an impersonal category .

But where provision is organised on the principle of selectivity , as in the health and personal welfare sectors , more complex assessment is required in order both to ration ( or target ) resources , and to link correctly an applicant to what is available .
but where provision is organised on the principle of selectivity , as in the health and personal welfare sectors , more complex [evaluation] is required in order both to ration ( or target ) resources , and to link correctly an applicant to what is available .

In both cases the assessment task can be identified as that of correctly selecting individuals , i.e .
in both cases the [evaluation] task can be identified as that of correctly selecting individuals , i.e .

selective assessment .
selective [evaluation] .

Selective assessment is orientated to the interests of the organisation from which the assessment originates .
selective [evaluation] is orientated to the interests of the organisation from which the [evaluation] originates .

The practitioner works as the officer of the organisation to test for entitlement to its services , perhaps using functional assessment methods .
the practitioner works as the officer of the organisation to test for entitlement to its services , perhaps using functional [evaluation] methods .

In selective assessment the relationship between practitioner and elder is one of unequal power .
in selective [evaluation] the relationship between practitioner and elder is one of unequal power .

White elders today , and even more so black elders who arrived in the 1950s , belong to a cohort that has often experienced assessment in earlier life as something that selects or rejects .
white elders today , and even more so black elders who arrived in the 1950s , belong to a cohort that has often experienced [evaluation] in earlier life as something that selects or rejects .

Such assessment is felt to have ‘ kept people in their places ’ ( i.e .
such [evaluation] is felt to have ‘ kept people in their places ’ ( i.e .

Anxiety , anger or apathy all seem reasonable defensive strategies for elders to adopt when facing selective assessment now .
anxiety , anger or apathy all seem reasonable defensive strategies for elders to adopt when facing selective [evaluation] now .

Yet there are arguable benefits from practising selective assessment .
yet there are arguable benefits from practising selective [evaluation] .

Nevertheless , there are obvious limitations to a system of selective assessment .
nevertheless , there are obvious limitations to a system of selective [evaluation] .

Another weakness is that selective assessment becomes preoccupied with screening for high risk and other needs are ignored .
another weakness is that selective [evaluation] becomes preoccupied with screening for high risk and other needs are ignored .

Selective assessment can not be dispensed with while there is a shortage of resources to meet individual needs .
selective [evaluation] can not be dispensed with while there is a shortage of resources to meet individual needs .

Given this , practitioners should neither blindly administer selective assessment procedures , nor dismiss them out of hand .
given this , practitioners should neither blindly administer selective [evaluation] procedures , nor dismiss them out of hand .

The pursuit of justice can be supported by supplementing selective assessment with affirmative assessment .
the pursuit of justice can be supported by supplementing selective [evaluation] with affirmative [evaluation] .

Information may be gathered in a variety of ways , including the use of functional assessment instruments and selective assessment forms .
information may be gathered in a variety of ways , including the use of functional [evaluation] instruments and selective [evaluation] forms .

The notion of affirmation thus helps to assert the right of elders to have their unique identities and histories properly acknowledged in any assessment process .
the notion of affirmation thus helps to assert the right of elders to have their unique identities and histories properly acknowledged in any [evaluation] process .

Towards affirmative assessment
towards affirmative [evaluation]

Affirmative assessment starts from a basic belief that human beings are purposeful beings who have intentions which guide their behaviour .
affirmative [evaluation] starts from a basic belief that human beings are purposeful beings who have intentions which guide their behaviour .

From this starting point , four theoretical ideas are identified which can contribute to a practice of affirmative assessment .
from this starting point , four theoretical ideas are identified which can contribute to a practice of affirmative [evaluation] .

This neglect is not only by academics , but is also evident in the practice of both selective and functional assessment .
this neglect is not only by academics , but is also evident in the practice of both selective and functional [evaluation] .

This aspect of assessment is essential because a person 's verbal consciousness is critical for making sense of the world .
this aspect of [evaluation] is essential because a person 's verbal consciousness is critical for making sense of the world .

She or he is ‘ on automatic ’ , but the ability to perform many such functions is critical for independent life , as functional assessment approaches would recognise .
she or he is ‘ on automatic ’ , but the ability to perform many such functions is critical for independent life , as functional [evaluation] approaches would recognise .

The outcomes of inadequate assessment in this area are evident , for example , in the learned helplessness of institutionalised routines , or the difficulties of transferring skills learned in a rehabilitative setting to a domestic setting .
the outcomes of inadequate [evaluation] in this area are evident , for example , in the learned helplessness of institutionalised routines , or the difficulties of transferring skills learned in a rehabilitative setting to a domestic setting .

Secondly , an elder may display little verbal consciousness at the time of the assessment , but from other information available this may be identified as linked to some crisis , such as bereavement or illness , or a temporary condition such as side-effects of medication .
secondly , an elder may display little verbal consciousness at the time of the [evaluation] , but from other information available this may be identified as linked to some crisis , such as bereavement or illness , or a temporary condition such as side-effects of medication .

In the short-term , non-verbal approaches to assessment , like the use of functional assessment instruments , will then have to be adopted .
in the short-term , non-verbal approaches to [evaluation] , like the use of functional [evaluation] instruments , will then have to be adopted .

Thirdly , some elders may demonstrate little verbal consciousness , but from using functional assessment instruments it seems likely that they are capable of sustaining a largely independent life at the level of practical consciousness .
thirdly , some elders may demonstrate little verbal consciousness , but from using functional [evaluation] instruments it seems likely that they are capable of sustaining a largely independent life at the level of practical consciousness .

In such cases functional assessment methods are indispensable , and show the value of behavioural methods of working that do not assume consciousness as a fundamental human quality .
in such cases functional [evaluation] methods are indispensable , and show the value of behavioural methods of working that do not assume consciousness as a fundamental human quality .

For this reason affirmative assessment must go beyond seeing anxiety anger , guilt and sadness as simply newly learned reactions .
for this reason affirmative [evaluation] must go beyond seeing anxiety anger , guilt and sadness as simply newly learned reactions .

Yet the powerful effect of these hidden forces can not be denied , and has to be taken into account in assessment .
yet the powerful effect of these hidden forces can not be denied , and has to be taken into account in [evaluation] .

The assessment of such desires — be they feasible or fantastic — gives the practitioner a chance to explore the future potential and development of an elder , and for jointly planning relevant service provision with that person .
the [evaluation] of such desires — be they feasible or fantastic — gives the practitioner a chance to explore the future potential and development of an elder , and for jointly planning relevant service provision with that person .

Giving special attention to exploring such desires with all elders is a hallmark of affirmative assessment .
giving special attention to exploring such desires with all elders is a hallmark of affirmative [evaluation] .

Such a state of affairs can not be ignored , as it tends to be in selective and much functional assessment .
such a state of affairs can not be ignored , as it tends to be in selective and much functional [evaluation] .

It is of importance in its own right , since affirmative assessment aims to include all significant experience , and unconscious pain is surely significant .
it is of importance in its own right , since affirmative [evaluation] aims to include all significant experience , and unconscious pain is surely significant .

Knowing which kind of support to offer requires the practitioner to use deep empathy based on affirmative assessment .
knowing which kind of support to offer requires the practitioner to use deep empathy based on affirmative [evaluation] .

It does , however , show clearly that when assessing suffering it is important to have a framework that goes beyond the narrow concerns of selective or functional assessment approaches , although such approaches do have some value in distinguishing between ‘ appropriate ’ and ‘ inappropriate ’ suffering .
it does , however , show clearly that when assessing suffering it is important to have a framework that goes beyond the narrow concerns of selective or functional [evaluation] approaches , although such approaches do have some value in distinguishing between ‘ appropriate ’ and ‘ inappropriate ’ suffering .

Yesterday , junior agriculture minister David Curry said the initial assessment was that both the flood warning systems and coastal defences performed well .
yesterday , junior agriculture minister david curry said the initial [evaluation] was that both the flood warning systems and coastal defences performed well .

British Coal said : ‘ While we will be giving detailed consideration to the report , it is apparent the independent assessment conducted by Boyd substantially supports our view that these mines are not viable in a market which is being squeezed both on volume and price . ’
british coal said : ‘ while we will be giving detailed consideration to the report , it is apparent the independent [evaluation] conducted by boyd substantially supports our view that these mines are not viable in a market which is being squeezed both on volume and price . ’

Planners , with the support of officers , have twice called for the link road to be shelved until the by-pass is built , enabling a proper assessment of its likely effects on traffic patterns .
planners , with the support of officers , have twice called for the link road to be shelved until the by-pass is built , enabling a proper [evaluation] of its likely effects on traffic patterns .

Planners , with the support of officers , have twice called for the link road to be shelved until the by-pass is built , enabling a proper assessment of its likely effects on traffic patterns .
planners , with the support of officers , have twice called for the link road to be shelved until the by-pass is built , enabling a proper [evaluation] of its likely effects on traffic patterns .

University of Essex Sports Centre , £5,554 , towards fitness assessment equipment .
university of essex sports centre , £5,554 , towards fitness [evaluation] equipment .

Table 2.1 : Assessment of quantities of animal bones from early Anglo-Saxon settlements by per cent of fragments
table 2.1 : [evaluation] of quantities of animal bones from early anglo-saxon settlements by per cent of fragments

It would be even more uncomfortable to associate with a character like that than to feel at home with our previous assessment , the hard man whose admirers compared him to a stone .
it would be even more uncomfortable to associate with a character like that than to feel at home with our previous [evaluation] , the hard man whose admirers compared him to a stone .

We have yet to make a balanced assessment of the real price exacted from humanity for those things which all politicians promise in ever greater abundance .
we have yet to make a balanced [evaluation] of the real price exacted from humanity for those things which all politicians promise in ever greater abundance .

And finally , a last word on our election coverage to all the Lab-our activists in the new seat of Milton Keynes North East , who proved us wrong in our assessment that the Lib Dems were the main challengers to the Tories there .
and finally , a last word on our election coverage to all the lab-our activists in the new seat of milton keynes north east , who proved us wrong in our [evaluation] that the lib dems were the main challengers to the tories there .

They did improve in carrying out the correct sequence of treatment ( assessment , open airway , check breathing , check pulse ) .
they did improve in carrying out the correct sequence of treatment ( [evaluation] , open airway , check breathing , check pulse ) .

Suction could have been provided overnight only when clinically indicated and an assessment tool used to give the patient a longer rest period between interventions .
suction could have been provided overnight only when clinically indicated and an [evaluation] tool used to give the patient a longer rest period between interventions .

We are nurses working on an assessment ward for older people with mental health problems .
we are nurses working on an [evaluation] ward for older people with mental health problems .

Care plan assessment
care plan [evaluation]

Community-based clinics , such as Aldershot Health Centre , can provide complete care for leg ulcers . Full assessment and nursing diagnoses are made using ultrasonography ( above ) and clients needing compression hosiery are measured accurately and given education ( left )
community-based clinics , such as aldershot health centre , can provide complete care for leg ulcers . full [evaluation] and nursing diagnoses are made using ultrasonography ( above ) and clients needing compression hosiery are measured accurately and given education ( left )

Full assessment and nursing diagnoses are made using special tools and recording equipment , such as ultrasonography .
full [evaluation] and nursing diagnoses are made using special tools and recording equipment , such as ultrasonography .

Effective assessment and recording techniques
effective [evaluation] and recording techniques

Table 1 shows my assessment of Mrs Allen 's problems which formed the basis of her care plan .
table 1 shows my [evaluation] of mrs allen 's problems which formed the basis of her care plan .

The assessment was based on Neuman 's model , which examines the stresses that impinge on an individual 's equilibrium .
the [evaluation] was based on neuman 's model , which examines the stresses that impinge on an individual 's equilibrium .

Table 1 . Initial assessment [ extracts ]
table 1 . initial [evaluation] [ extracts ]

Assessment was carried out two days after the application of the dressing to ensure no adverse reaction had occurred , and then continued weekly .
[evaluation] was carried out two days after the application of the dressing to ensure no adverse reaction had occurred , and then continued weekly .

The Tatler recently took this amatory assessment route in an issue devoted to horizontal jogging — this was the edition which suggested that Prince Charles was Britain 's sexist man .
the tatler recently took this amatory [evaluation] route in an issue devoted to horizontal jogging — this was the edition which suggested that prince charles was britain 's sexist man .

Then there was the debate at the National Union of Teachers ' conference about the response to government plans for teacher assessment .
then there was the debate at the national union of teachers ' conference about the response to government plans for teacher [evaluation] .

The purpose of such case conferences is to consider all the relevant information , evidence and opinions resulting from an investigation and assessment .
the purpose of such case conferences is to consider all the relevant information , evidence and opinions resulting from an investigation and [evaluation] .

In the Cleveland Report , the British Association of Social Workers is reported as stating that it is absolutely essential that those involved with the family should conduct the fullest assessment of the family background .
in the cleveland report , the british association of social workers is reported as stating that it is absolutely essential that those involved with the family should conduct the fullest [evaluation] of the family background .

None of the assessment work was ever carried out .
none of the [evaluation] work was ever carried out .

New members must undertake a stretching programme of lectures , discussions , group work — including role play , visits of observation to special schools and assessment centres , meetings with people who work with the Hearing system , and study .
new members must undertake a stretching programme of lectures , discussions , group work — including role play , visits of observation to special schools and [evaluation] centres , meetings with people who work with the hearing system , and study .

Assessment of progress will be carried out over the two year period and will be based on the completion of design notebooks , workbooks , pattern drafts , knitted samples and garments and finally a written examination .
[evaluation] of progress will be carried out over the two year period and will be based on the completion of design notebooks , workbooks , pattern drafts , knitted samples and garments and finally a written examination .

Student progress is monitored by means of continuous assessment on a range of practical exercises .
student progress is monitored by means of continuous [evaluation] on a range of practical exercises .

Lord Griffiths , head of the Schools Examinations and Assessment Council .
lord griffiths , head of the schools examinations and [evaluation] council .

Tyrone , might need to be increased after assessment .
tyrone , might need to be increased after [evaluation] .

How differently did it appear to him from the Berelands ' assessment !
how differently did it appear to him from the berelands ' [evaluation] !

An assessment of the hotel 's current value and recommendations as to offer price and means of payment
an [evaluation] of the hotel 's current value and recommendations as to offer price and means of payment

An assessment of the possible outcomes of the negotiations with the pub managers ' representatives , together with your recommendations regarding negotiating strategy
an [evaluation] of the possible outcomes of the negotiations with the pub managers ' representatives , together with your recommendations regarding negotiating strategy

An assessment of any potential acquisition 's current value and recommendations as to the offer price and acquisition strategy to be employed
an [evaluation] of any potential acquisition 's current value and recommendations as to the offer price and acquisition strategy to be employed

Without such a juxtaposition , you can not make a rational assessment of twentieth century design .
without such a juxtaposition , you can not make a rational [evaluation] of twentieth century design .

This should be based on your customer 's requirements and your assessment of his ability to pay .
this should be based on your customer 's requirements and your [evaluation] of his ability to pay .

The median value of their personal property was £15 , but £20 was the most typical assessment , well above the £6 of the average husbandman .
the median value of their personal property was £15 , but £20 was the most typical [evaluation] , well above the £6 of the average husbandman .

For practical purposes £10 was the minimum assessment of clothiers and men of similar standing ; the high proportion in Suffolk worth upwards of £100 is not matched by any other extant muster book , and is unlikely to have been equalled anywhere else outside London .
for practical purposes £10 was the minimum [evaluation] of clothiers and men of similar standing ; the high proportion in suffolk worth upwards of £100 is not matched by any other extant muster book , and is unlikely to have been equalled anywhere else outside london .

Predictably the solitary three-figure assessment in Babergh belonged to a Sudbury grocer , an importer of costly spices ; in Coventry there were two , plus a vintner ( or importer of wines ) and a baker in this bracket .
predictably the solitary three-figure [evaluation] in babergh belonged to a sudbury grocer , an importer of costly spices ; in coventry there were two , plus a vintner ( or importer of wines ) and a baker in this bracket .

As everywhere , labourers ( and of course many artificers ) virtually accounted for the two lowest levels of assessment .
as everywhere , labourers ( and of course many artificers ) virtually accounted for the two lowest levels of [evaluation] .

As likely as not they were cottagers partially dependent on casual labouring , while not infrequently assessment on wages gives practical expression to the class of servants mentioned by the act of 1533 .
as likely as not they were cottagers partially dependent on casual labouring , while not infrequently [evaluation] on wages gives practical expression to the class of servants mentioned by the act of 1533 .

Neither big farmers nor labourers were conspicuous in most pastoral regions , where livestock , principally cattle , formed , as always , the standby of the smallholder ; indeed , in some of these districts the minimum , and commonest , assessment was £2 on goods .
neither big farmers nor labourers were conspicuous in most pastoral regions , where livestock , principally cattle , formed , as always , the standby of the smallholder ; indeed , in some of these districts the minimum , and commonest , [evaluation] was £2 on goods .

Evidently the unique thoroughness of its muster book was complemented by a more rigorous standard of assessment than in most shires , since in 1522 personal wealth there averaged £97 per thousand acres , compared with as little as £61.7 in 1515 and £64 in 1524 , and , mostly having less than average wealth , the sixty-nine additional men roped in in 1522 can not account for this difference .
evidently the unique thoroughness of its muster book was complemented by a more rigorous standard of [evaluation] than in most shires , since in 1522 personal wealth there averaged £97 per thousand acres , compared with as little as £61.7 in 1515 and £64 in 1524 , and , mostly having less than average wealth , the sixty-nine additional men roped in in 1522 can not account for this difference .

The best explanation is that assessment was more realistic in Rutland than anywhere else .
the best explanation is that [evaluation] was more realistic in rutland than anywhere else .

Five times the size of Rutland , Buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : numerous reductions in the Chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in Buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .
five times the size of rutland , buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of [evaluation] : numerous reductions in the chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .

Contrary to the usual practice elsewhere , ‘ less than £1 ’ means a few shillings leavened by a sporadic nil assessment , rather than the opposite , for only one man in nine was actually given as nil , the majority ranging from 3s .
contrary to the usual practice elsewhere , ‘ less than £1 ’ means a few shillings leavened by a sporadic nil [evaluation] , rather than the opposite , for only one man in nine was actually given as nil , the majority ranging from 3s .

Very commonly two or more men shared a single assessment , mostly members of the same family , though the occasional bracketing of different surnames suggests cousins or , rather , in-laws — the husbands of co-heiresses who were commonplace among landowners locally ; and maybe business partnerships of the kind often formed by miners to save expenses .
very commonly two or more men shared a single [evaluation] , mostly members of the same family , though the occasional bracketing of different surnames suggests cousins or , rather , in-laws — the husbands of co-heiresses who were commonplace among landowners locally ; and maybe business partnerships of the kind often formed by miners to save expenses .

Of course it need not follow that separate assessment must have cast the younger members of every family as wage earners , any more than it did in other shires where traces of an emergent discrete labouring class were already manifest .
of course it need not follow that separate [evaluation] must have cast the younger members of every family as wage earners , any more than it did in other shires where traces of an emergent discrete labouring class were already manifest .

It is , for instance , improbable that , on a joint assessment of £133 .
it is , for instance , improbable that , on a joint [evaluation] of £133 .

With a top assessment of only £30 , Midhurst was distinctly poorer than the surrounding hundreds of Dumpford and Easebourne .
with a top [evaluation] of only £30 , midhurst was distinctly poorer than the surrounding hundreds of dumpford and easebourne .

Of the manual occupations , hosiers , cappers , founders , and barbers , to mention but a few , all had the minimum assessment of £5 for median ; so also had the various building trades , with the exception of the marblers who averaged £50 on a small sample .
of the manual occupations , hosiers , cappers , founders , and barbers , to mention but a few , all had the minimum [evaluation] of £5 for median ; so also had the various building trades , with the exception of the marblers who averaged £50 on a small sample .

At the top of the scale , business must have taken a number of leading men out of town at the time the assessment was made , including , for example , Robert Thorne , Merchant Taylor and a notable benefactor to the City ; worth more than £20,000 at the time of his death in 1532 , he must have been one of the very richest men in England .
at the top of the scale , business must have taken a number of leading men out of town at the time the [evaluation] was made , including , for example , robert thorne , merchant taylor and a notable benefactor to the city ; worth more than £20,000 at the time of his death in 1532 , he must have been one of the very richest men in england .

In the Mercers an assessment of £100 , or even £200 , was appropriate for a liveryman ; in the Merchant Taylors , Haberdashers and ( perhaps ) Grocers , £40 ; for Drapers , Fishmongers , Goldsmiths and Skinners , approximately £20 ; and as little as £5 in the remaining three .
in the mercers an [evaluation] of £100 , or even £200 , was appropriate for a liveryman ; in the merchant taylors , haberdashers and ( perhaps ) grocers , £40 ; for drapers , fishmongers , goldsmiths and skinners , approximately £20 ; and as little as £5 in the remaining three .

The charitable bequests of Robert Thorne , Merchant Taylor , who died in 1532 , amounted to no less than £4,400 , a sum that was indeed higher than any assessment for the loan , levied when he was evidently abroad on business .
the charitable bequests of robert thorne , merchant taylor , who died in 1532 , amounted to no less than £4,400 , a sum that was indeed higher than any [evaluation] for the loan , levied when he was evidently abroad on business .

Wotton-under-Edge also was ‘ welle occupyed with clothiars having ane faire longe strete and welle buyldyd ’ , but nonetheless £60 was the top assessment , though three other men , out of seventy-six , had £40 — £50 each .
wotton-under-edge also was ‘ welle occupyed with clothiars having ane faire longe strete and welle buyldyd ’ , but nonetheless £60 was the top [evaluation] , though three other men , out of seventy-six , had £40 — £50 each .

In North Worcestershire also industrial growth made little or no visible impact on the structure of wealth , possibly because a man 's position in the rural hierarchy determined his choice of trade , In Yardley tile making had evolved as a major activity early in the fifteenth century ; along with tanning , which may still have been the principal industry in nearby Birmingham , it was practised by farmer-craftsmen , who mostly had well under £20 in goods , the £3 — £9 range forming a good two-thirds of the list : Thomas Walton , whose £11 was the highest assessment , made tiles and practised cooperage in winter .
in north worcestershire also industrial growth made little or no visible impact on the structure of wealth , possibly because a man 's position in the rural hierarchy determined his choice of trade , in yardley tile making had evolved as a major activity early in the fifteenth century ; along with tanning , which may still have been the principal industry in nearby birmingham , it was practised by farmer-craftsmen , who mostly had well under £20 in goods , the £3 — £9 range forming a good two-thirds of the list : thomas walton , whose £11 was the highest [evaluation] , made tiles and practised cooperage in winter .

What does emerge beyond dispute is the primacy of large-scale cloth making as the great national industry and by far the most important export , leaving the rest more or less nowhere , as attested by the massive wealth of many clothiers and the prosperity — albeit a brittle one — of the workers in the major textile districts : high earnings in Suffolk and Gloucestershire at least resulting in a disposable surplus of income which not infrequently enabled artificers to accumulate sufficient goods for assessment , in contrast to agricultural labourers , who seldom had anything but their wages to be taxed on .
what does emerge beyond dispute is the primacy of large-scale cloth making as the great national industry and by far the most important export , leaving the rest more or less nowhere , as attested by the massive wealth of many clothiers and the prosperity — albeit a brittle one — of the workers in the major textile districts : high earnings in suffolk and gloucestershire at least resulting in a disposable surplus of income which not infrequently enabled artificers to accumulate sufficient goods for [evaluation] , in contrast to agricultural labourers , who seldom had anything but their wages to be taxed on .

Although incomes had to be given , assessment of the personal property of ‘ spiritual men ’ was not stipulated , and since the clergy were customarily taxed more heavily than the laity a good many of them may have been less than forthcoming .
although incomes had to be given , [evaluation] of the personal property of ‘ spiritual men ’ was not stipulated , and since the clergy were customarily taxed more heavily than the laity a good many of them may have been less than forthcoming .

The top Buckinghamshire man , the prebendary of Buckingham , was an isolated figure , £71 being the second biggest assessment .
the top buckinghamshire man , the prebendary of buckingham , was an isolated figure , £71 being the second biggest [evaluation] .

The income of the vicarage was an average £8 a year , and Carswalle 's successor , who presumably did not enjoy private means , got the more or less average assessment of £6 13s 4d .
the income of the vicarage was an average £8 a year , and carswalle 's successor , who presumably did not enjoy private means , got the more or less average [evaluation] of £6 13s 4d .

Equally troublesome , if not more so , is the domiciliary assessment which turns out to express total income from all sources .
equally troublesome , if not more so , is the domiciliary [evaluation] which turns out to express total income from all sources .

, it is virtually certain that the £80 assessment of Richard Flower , the resident owner , must be interpreted as meaning his whole income scaled down by 20 per cent .
, it is virtually certain that the £80 [evaluation] of richard flower , the resident owner , must be interpreted as meaning his whole income scaled down by 20 per cent .

Very seldom can an actual assessment be translated into spatial terms .
very seldom can an actual [evaluation] be translated into spatial terms .

William Baten of Long Crendon had an assessment of 3s .
william baten of long crendon had an [evaluation] of 3s .

Neither owned any property , but from the fact that Elizabeth 's assessment was reduced to £30 for the second instalment of the subsidy in 1525 , while Thomas and Malyn were now taxed on 20 marks apiece , it is logical to deduce that they were her children , lately come of age .
neither owned any property , but from the fact that elizabeth 's [evaluation] was reduced to £30 for the second instalment of the subsidy in 1525 , while thomas and malyn were now taxed on 20 marks apiece , it is logical to deduce that they were her children , lately come of age .

Its economic importance is attested by the provision in the subsidy act for the assessment of income from customary land , conceivably in the light of knowledge gleaned from the preceding survey .
its economic importance is attested by the provision in the subsidy act for the [evaluation] of income from customary land , conceivably in the light of knowledge gleaned from the preceding survey .

One reason for this may have been the conventional wisdom that secularisation had made the subject well nigh irrelevant , another reason may have been that there are few areas in which the methodological problems are as acute as they are in the investigation of people 's beliefs and/or the assessment of the effect that these have upon the rest of society .
one reason for this may have been the conventional wisdom that secularisation had made the subject well nigh irrelevant , another reason may have been that there are few areas in which the methodological problems are as acute as they are in the investigation of people 's beliefs and/or the [evaluation] of the effect that these have upon the rest of society .

Clergy at one time might , for example , claim as many members as possible , forgetting , perhaps , to remove from the list those who have died or moved to another parish ; a subsequent introduction of ‘ potential giving ’ or per capita assessment for a maintenance -of-ministry-fund could result in their rapidly removing any ‘ dead wood ’ in order to reduce the costly membership figures to an absolute minimum .
clergy at one time might , for example , claim as many members as possible , forgetting , perhaps , to remove from the list those who have died or moved to another parish ; a subsequent introduction of ‘ potential giving ’ or per capita [evaluation] for a maintenance -of-ministry-fund could result in their rapidly removing any ‘ dead wood ’ in order to reduce the costly membership figures to an absolute minimum .

This would remove the overseers and , as one member put it , give the power to the Inland Revenue and to the Railway Assessment Authority to determine the basis of local taxation ( and by implication , the income of the institution ) .
this would remove the overseers and , as one member put it , give the power to the inland revenue and to the railway [evaluation] authority to determine the basis of local taxation ( and by implication , the income of the institution ) .

The Guild of Help offered to pay the remainder if the Board would contribute £4 , but the looming presence of the Railway Assessment Authority may have persuaded the guardians to offer only half the sum needed , i.e .
the guild of help offered to pay the remainder if the board would contribute £4 , but the looming presence of the railway [evaluation] authority may have persuaded the guardians to offer only half the sum needed , i.e .

Numerous letters of appeal against assessment were received :
numerous letters of appeal against [evaluation] were received :

Assessment should be seen as a partnership between teachers , other professionals and parents in a joint endeavour to discover the nature of the difficulties and needs of individual children .
[evaluation] should be seen as a partnership between teachers , other professionals and parents in a joint endeavour to discover the nature of the difficulties and needs of individual children .

If a social worker is already helping your family , there is nothing to worry about ; your social worker will discuss the assessment with you , and will not give any information without your permission .
if a social worker is already helping your family , there is nothing to worry about ; your social worker will discuss the [evaluation] with you , and will not give any information without your permission .

For some of these parents , who had established a long-standing and good relationship with a teacher or psychologist , the assessment procedures were seen as positive , informative and helpful .
for some of these parents , who had established a long-standing and good relationship with a teacher or psychologist , the [evaluation] procedures were seen as positive , informative and helpful .

But the majority were either dissatisfied or upset about a number of aspects of the way they had been treated during the assessment process .
but the majority were either dissatisfied or upset about a number of aspects of the way they had been treated during the [evaluation] process .

As schools increase in their heterogeneity , those that serve areas where there is a concentration of disadvantage will watch helpless as the more motivated , more able , more ambitious children move to the favoured schools , leaving them to cope with the rest , and worse , suffer the ignominy of having their results on national tests published , protected only by a general statement from the local authority , indicating ‘ the nature of socio-economic and other influences which are known to affect schools ’ ( Task Group on Assessment and Testing , para 134 ) .
as schools increase in their heterogeneity , those that serve areas where there is a concentration of disadvantage will watch helpless as the more motivated , more able , more ambitious children move to the favoured schools , leaving them to cope with the rest , and worse , suffer the ignominy of having their results on national tests published , protected only by a general statement from the local authority , indicating ‘ the nature of socio-economic and other influences which are known to affect schools ’ ( task group on [evaluation] and testing , para 134 ) .

The point is that this kind of overview is rarely possible by busy practitioners on the ground , working in parallel grooves but seldom in tandem , in social services , education , voluntary nurseries , playgroups , special needs assessment centres , units , nurseries .
the point is that this kind of overview is rarely possible by busy practitioners on the ground , working in parallel grooves but seldom in tandem , in social services , education , voluntary nurseries , playgroups , special needs [evaluation] centres , units , nurseries .

The Warnock Report ( 1978 ) put under-fives high on the educational agenda and set out a blueprint for assessment of needs ; notification by one statutory service to others ( in particular an obligation on DHAs to notify to LEAs , cf 1981 Education Act , Section 10 ) ; liaison between services and with parents ; key personnel ( e.g. its recommendations for ‘ named person ’ ) .
the warnock report ( 1978 ) put under-fives high on the educational agenda and set out a blueprint for [evaluation] of needs ; notification by one statutory service to others ( in particular an obligation on dhas to notify to leas , cf 1981 education act , section 10 ) ; liaison between services and with parents ; key personnel ( e.g. its recommendations for ‘ named person ’ ) .

The area of involving parents in assessment of the development and progress of their young children is a growing one .
the area of involving parents in [evaluation] of the development and progress of their young children is a growing one .

We found that the large range of professionals involved in provision and services for young children with special educational needs were often con-fused about how such needs could be predicted and what assessment procedures should be used . ( p 46 )
we found that the large range of professionals involved in provision and services for young children with special educational needs were often con-fused about how such needs could be predicted and what [evaluation] procedures should be used . ( p 46 )

The early assessment of under-fives , home visiting , Portage schemes and nursery provision should be a priority time for the assessment process and additional support for the care of very young children with special needs attending nursery classes . ( p 7 )
the early [evaluation] of under-fives , home visiting , portage schemes and nursery provision should be a priority time for the [evaluation] process and additional support for the care of very young children with special needs attending nursery classes . ( p 7 )

The testing arrangements : The national curriculum will be intimately connected to the assessment and testing schedule at years seven , 11 , 14 and 16 and the same concerns expressed in 3 a and b apply .
the testing arrangements : the national curriculum will be intimately connected to the [evaluation] and testing schedule at years seven , 11 , 14 and 16 and the same concerns expressed in 3 a and b apply .

Offering the right kind of help where it is needed requires a comprehensive assessment scheme .
offering the right kind of help where it is needed requires a comprehensive [evaluation] scheme .

The assessment of oral skills is considered as important as the assessment of other skills
the [evaluation] of oral skills is considered as important as the [evaluation] of other skills

Teachers will ensure there is an oral component in any assessment procedure they devise , and will pressure external examination bodies to do the same .
teachers will ensure there is an oral component in any [evaluation] procedure they devise , and will pressure external examination bodies to do the same .

Both categories are dangerous because of the subjective and inadequate forms of assessment which are used and the social , educational and economic effects on those labelled .
both categories are dangerous because of the subjective and inadequate forms of [evaluation] which are used and the social , educational and economic effects on those labelled .

Priority had to be given to the statutory duties of constructing and publishing procedures for the assessment of pupils with special needs and the monitoring of their progress .
priority had to be given to the statutory duties of constructing and publishing procedures for the [evaluation] of pupils with special needs and the monitoring of their progress .

The survey involved an analysis of all statutory assessment documentation as well as the administration of a detailed questionnaire to heads , class teachers and welfare assistants .
the survey involved an analysis of all statutory [evaluation] documentation as well as the administration of a detailed questionnaire to heads , class teachers and welfare assistants .

Support to schools in terms of materials and equipment , extra tuition and advice and assessment , all seemed at least adequate whereas in-service opportunities were limited .
support to schools in terms of materials and equipment , extra tuition and advice and [evaluation] , all seemed at least adequate whereas in-service opportunities were limited .

Homer does not seem to recognize that fear of success is not just a psychological variable , but also a realistic assessment of the dangers facing successful western women ( Condry and Dyer 1976 ) .
homer does not seem to recognize that fear of success is not just a psychological variable , but also a realistic [evaluation] of the dangers facing successful western women ( condry and dyer 1976 ) .

But 95 per cent of the studies he reviews deal with the assessment , causes , and treatment of homosexuality , and in doing so , continue indirectly to define it as a problem .
but 95 per cent of the studies he reviews deal with the [evaluation] , causes , and treatment of homosexuality , and in doing so , continue indirectly to define it as a problem .

His conclusion is that ‘ In part , therefore , my covert research is justified by my assessment of the power of the police within British society and the secretive character of the force … .
his conclusion is that ‘ in part , therefore , my covert research is justified by my [evaluation] of the power of the police within british society and the secretive character of the force … .

Such studies are rare since they require an examination of media practices and content as well as a critical assessment of the media 's presentation of the ‘ real world ’ — an assessment which takes it for granted that the media do not reproduce ‘ reality ’ in a pure form ; their use of language and images as well as the working practices of journalists inevitably refract ‘ reality ’ , so ‘ distorting ’ it .
such studies are rare since they require an examination of media practices and content as well as a critical [evaluation] of the media 's presentation of the ‘ real world ’ — an [evaluation] which takes it for granted that the media do not reproduce ‘ reality ’ in a pure form ; their use of language and images as well as the working practices of journalists inevitably refract ‘ reality ’ , so ‘ distorting ’ it .

’ statement — may have been , in his eyes , a rational assessment of the situation and the media 's tendency to exaggerate , but it ignored and misjudged the impact of media imagery and , consequently , the public 's desire for reassurance and for the problem to be ‘ resolved , .
’ statement — may have been , in his eyes , a rational [evaluation] of the situation and the media 's tendency to exaggerate , but it ignored and misjudged the impact of media imagery and , consequently , the public 's desire for reassurance and for the problem to be ‘ resolved , .

Knowing the facts is the first priority . To make a proper assessment , you need to draw up several lists :
knowing the facts is the first priority . to make a proper [evaluation] , you need to draw up several lists :

In March 1987 a new rule was introduced , whereby anyone with earnings of more than £100,000 who joined a new pension scheme was required to base their final salary assessment on their average earnings over any three consecutive years over the last ten .
in march 1987 a new rule was introduced , whereby anyone with earnings of more than £100,000 who joined a new pension scheme was required to base their final salary [evaluation] on their average earnings over any three consecutive years over the last ten .

Deciding on your best option is not easy , so before taking action you should at least consult your company pension scheme manager to give you an assessment of the likely value of your pension if you leave it in the scheme .
deciding on your best option is not easy , so before taking action you should at least consult your company pension scheme manager to give you an [evaluation] of the likely value of your pension if you leave it in the scheme .

Specialisation can also result in blockage , with so many clients in a narrow field that the scope for search is limited ; this problem can be solved by specialising only in large sectors , and also widening the range of services on offer , such as management consultancy products , including manpower planning advice , executive assessment and salary surveys .
specialisation can also result in blockage , with so many clients in a narrow field that the scope for search is limited ; this problem can be solved by specialising only in large sectors , and also widening the range of services on offer , such as management consultancy products , including manpower planning advice , executive [evaluation] and salary surveys .

Lynda Philamore , head of assessment and recruitment at British Airways — ranked 26 in The Times 1000 and employer of 44000 — was exceptional in this survey in expressing almost entirely negative views about the executive search industry , despite the publicity surrounding the success of headhunted chief executive Colin Marshall .
lynda philamore , head of [evaluation] and recruitment at british airways — ranked 26 in the times 1000 and employer of 44000 — was exceptional in this survey in expressing almost entirely negative views about the executive search industry , despite the publicity surrounding the success of headhunted chief executive colin marshall .

His choice between the two would depend on his assessment of each particular position for which he was recruiting , and the relevant qualities and strengths of each specific headhunting firm .
his choice between the two would depend on his [evaluation] of each particular position for which he was recruiting , and the relevant qualities and strengths of each specific headhunting firm .

Yet some attempt at assessment must surely be made .
yet some attempt at [evaluation] must surely be made .

Only a richer conception of what they are trying to provide will enable us to make a sensitive assessment of their achievements and potential .
only a richer conception of what they are trying to provide will enable us to make a sensitive [evaluation] of their achievements and potential .

At the top of the heap is the Abseil Coach , who is responsible for the training and assessment of instructors and supervisors .
at the top of the heap is the abseil coach , who is responsible for the training and [evaluation] of instructors and supervisors .

Throughout the course the principles are reinforced with practical experience and assessment exercises .
throughout the course the principles are reinforced with practical experience and [evaluation] exercises .

However , it can be effectively combatted by setting exercises involving changes to an existing large piece of work , which has the added advantage of letting the students see the use of techniques beyond the scope of the assessment .
however , it can be effectively combatted by setting exercises involving changes to an existing large piece of work , which has the added advantage of letting the students see the use of techniques beyond the scope of the [evaluation] .

Assessment of the problem
[evaluation] of the problem

Effective intervention and treatment is based on an accurate assessment of the presenting problem .
effective intervention and treatment is based on an accurate [evaluation] of the presenting problem .

The fault of the keen therapist is to start to intervene during the assessment phase of work with a new family .
the fault of the keen therapist is to start to intervene during the [evaluation] phase of work with a new family .

The assessment phase is critical at the beginning of contact with a new family but will also continue throughout contact with them .
the [evaluation] phase is critical at the beginning of contact with a new family but will also continue throughout contact with them .

The aim of assessment is to :
the aim of [evaluation] is to :

Depending on how long your first session lasts , you can move into the main areas of assessment and gain a fuller picture of the child and family history .
depending on how long your first session lasts , you can move into the main areas of [evaluation] and gain a fuller picture of the child and family history .

Development assessment
development [evaluation]

In other cases the parents ' view of what their child should be able to do is appropriate but the child is showing a delay in his or her development and needs more detailed assessment of the level of progress .
in other cases the parents ' view of what their child should be able to do is appropriate but the child is showing a delay in his or her development and needs more detailed [evaluation] of the level of progress .

On detailed assessment of her developmental level and language skills , Maria was identified as showing a marked developmental delay .
on detailed [evaluation] of her developmental level and language skills , maria was identified as showing a marked developmental delay .

Is further developmental assessment necessary ?
is further developmental [evaluation] necessary ?

If you suspect that the child is showing a delay in development then a more formal assessment may be required ; this should be discussed fully with the parents and their permission sought .
if you suspect that the child is showing a delay in development then a more formal [evaluation] may be required ; this should be discussed fully with the parents and their permission sought .

On assessment he was found to show moderate learning difficulties and a marked language delay both in comprehension and expressive language .
on [evaluation] he was found to show moderate learning difficulties and a marked language delay both in comprehension and expressive language .

Family assessment
family [evaluation]

Behavioural assessment
behavioural [evaluation]

Helping parents clarify the definition of the problem is the first step in assessment .
helping parents clarify the definition of the problem is the first step in [evaluation] .

Assessment is a vital part of effective intervention .
[evaluation] is a vital part of effective intervention .

Helping parents draw up these lists builds on the information they have gained from the assessment phase where they have already learned to specify the problem areas .
helping parents draw up these lists builds on the information they have gained from the [evaluation] phase where they have already learned to specify the problem areas .

Assessment of feeding problems
[evaluation] of feeding problems

Assessment of feeding difficulties should take several stages .
[evaluation] of feeding difficulties should take several stages .

Assessment of the environmental and emotional stresses on the parent
[evaluation] of the environmental and emotional stresses on the parent

Assessment methods are described and management of these problems is discussed using a variety of techniques including reinforcement , extinction , discrimination learning , and graded steps to learning .
[evaluation] methods are described and management of these problems is discussed using a variety of techniques including reinforcement , extinction , discrimination learning , and graded steps to learning .

The causes and assessment of bedwetting
the causes and [evaluation] of bedwetting

Detailed assessment of the problem should include
detailed [evaluation] of the problem should include

There are several different types of faecal incontinence so the clear assessment of the problem is crucial in choosing the most appropriate method of treatment ( Doleys 1983 ) .
there are several different types of faecal incontinence so the clear [evaluation] of the problem is crucial in choosing the most appropriate method of treatment ( doleys 1983 ) .

Thousands of students , particularly from Beijing , were sent to undertake ‘ social practice ’ during the summer vacation in the hope that contact With ‘ real life ’ would bring them down to earth and give them a more realistic assessment of society .
thousands of students , particularly from beijing , were sent to undertake ‘ social practice ’ during the summer vacation in the hope that contact with ‘ real life ’ would bring them down to earth and give them a more realistic [evaluation] of society .

At this point it is also worth considering the relevance of theories of normal developmental progress to a book concerned with the assessment and treatment of children with language difficulties .
at this point it is also worth considering the relevance of theories of normal developmental progress to a book concerned with the [evaluation] and treatment of children with language difficulties .

Fourth , the adult 's ongoing assessment of the child 's ability to understand what is being said and to make herself understood , may determine what the adult talks about and the way in which adult language is related to the context .
fourth , the adult 's ongoing [evaluation] of the child 's ability to understand what is being said and to make herself understood , may determine what the adult talks about and the way in which adult language is related to the context .

Language Assessment
language [evaluation]

Practical and theoretical issues in language assessment
practical and theoretical issues in language [evaluation]

There are many reasons why it may be regarded as helpful to gather information about a child 's language , and the uses to which any formal assessment results may be put will influence decisions about how assessments can best be carried out .
there are many reasons why it may be regarded as helpful to gather information about a child 's language , and the uses to which any formal [evaluation] results may be put will influence decisions about how assessments can best be carried out .

Here , the aim of assessment is simply to identify whether or not the child 's language is unusual or atypical compared with that of other children of a similar age or in respect of other aspects of development .
here , the aim of [evaluation] is simply to identify whether or not the child 's language is unusual or atypical compared with that of other children of a similar age or in respect of other aspects of development .

While such tests should ideally sample structural , semantic and pragmatic aspects of language , this is seldom feasible and frequently language screening occurs as part of a more general screening assessment which considers other aspects of a child 's social and psychological functioning .
while such tests should ideally sample structural , semantic and pragmatic aspects of language , this is seldom feasible and frequently language screening occurs as part of a more general screening [evaluation] which considers other aspects of a child 's social and psychological functioning .

The description of speech and language difficulties which draws on recent psycholinguistic research will be referred to as the process of assessment .
the description of speech and language difficulties which draws on recent psycholinguistic research will be referred to as the process of [evaluation] .

Assessment may provide the foundations for an intervention programme because it describes an individual 's strengths and weaknesses , irrespective of the presumed underlying causes of those difficulties .
[evaluation] may provide the foundations for an intervention programme because it describes an individual 's strengths and weaknesses , irrespective of the presumed underlying causes of those difficulties .

The rationale for using assessment procedures to diagnose different kinds of language disorder rests principally on the assumption that different treatments can be evaluated with respect to different conditions ( Cantwell and Baker 1987 ) .
the rationale for using [evaluation] procedures to diagnose different kinds of language disorder rests principally on the assumption that different treatments can be evaluated with respect to different conditions ( cantwell and baker 1987 ) .

It is important to note that the reasoning here is as follows : assessment → diagnosis → treatment .
it is important to note that the reasoning here is as follows : [evaluation] → diagnosis → treatment .

There is , therefore , a danger that the assessment is carried out solely to determine the diagnosis and that treatment is designed for the diagnosis rather than for the child .
there is , therefore , a danger that the [evaluation] is carried out solely to determine the diagnosis and that treatment is designed for the diagnosis rather than for the child .

Given the present state of understanding regarding the causes and appropriate forms of intervention for children with language difficulties , this kind of short-cut is likely to lead to inadequate assessment and ineffective treatment .
given the present state of understanding regarding the causes and appropriate forms of intervention for children with language difficulties , this kind of short-cut is likely to lead to inadequate [evaluation] and ineffective treatment .

However , it should be stressed that diagnosis is only one of the aims of assessment and diagnosis on its own may be of limited value in developing strategies for intervention ( Crystal 1984 ) .
however , it should be stressed that diagnosis is only one of the aims of [evaluation] and diagnosis on its own may be of limited value in developing strategies for intervention ( crystal 1984 ) .

Very often assessment of a child 's language is required in order that it can be presented to other professionals who are seeking to help that child .
very often [evaluation] of a child 's language is required in order that it can be presented to other professionals who are seeking to help that child .

The information from the assessment may be presented orally at a case conference or it may be presented in the form of a written report .
the information from the [evaluation] may be presented orally at a case conference or it may be presented in the form of a written report .

In whichever way the results of an assessment are communicated , it is reasonable to assume that they may have important implications for the way in which the child is dealt with in the future .
in whichever way the results of an [evaluation] are communicated , it is reasonable to assume that they may have important implications for the way in which the child is dealt with in the future .

The information which may be derived from an assessment can be roughly divided into two types : first , there is the information which is obtained from the assessment procedures and , second , there is the interpretation which is placed on this information .
the information which may be derived from an [evaluation] can be roughly divided into two types : first , there is the information which is obtained from the [evaluation] procedures and , second , there is the interpretation which is placed on this information .

For example , in terms of the discussion in the preceding section , a diagnosis is an interpretation of the evidence obtained from the assessment .
for example , in terms of the discussion in the preceding section , a diagnosis is an interpretation of the evidence obtained from the [evaluation] .

One of the most important roles for any person who conducts a formal language assessment on a child is to communicate the results of the assessment to the child 's parents or guardians .
one of the most important roles for any person who conducts a formal language [evaluation] on a child is to communicate the results of the [evaluation] to the child 's parents or guardians .

However , they are likely to appreciate a straightforward summary of the results of the assessment which places equal weight on the child 's abilities as well as on her disabilities .
however , they are likely to appreciate a straightforward summary of the results of the [evaluation] which places equal weight on the child 's abilities as well as on her disabilities .

Once again , it may be helpful to distinguish between objective evidence obtained from an assessment and the conclusions which are drawn from this .
once again , it may be helpful to distinguish between objective evidence obtained from an [evaluation] and the conclusions which are drawn from this .

In many cases , parents will be more interested in the way in which the professional uses information from the assessment to answer practical questions , such as ‘ Will she need to have speech therapy ?
in many cases , parents will be more interested in the way in which the professional uses information from the [evaluation] to answer practical questions , such as ‘ will she need to have speech therapy ?

Many parents will have experienced considerable anxiety prior to the assessment because of the uncertainty of suspecting that there is something wrong with their child but not knowing what .
many parents will have experienced considerable anxiety prior to the [evaluation] because of the uncertainty of suspecting that there is something wrong with their child but not knowing what .

It is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an assessment may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily providing a diagnostic label or a clear statement regarding the child 's future .
it is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an [evaluation] may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily providing a diagnostic label or a clear statement regarding the child 's future .

In addition , some parents may find that it is easier to cope with a child who has a serious language problem if they are able to participate in the process of assessment and intervention .
in addition , some parents may find that it is easier to cope with a child who has a serious language problem if they are able to participate in the process of [evaluation] and intervention .

An important function of assessment is that it can help determine the extent to which a child 's language is subject to changes over time .
an important function of [evaluation] is that it can help determine the extent to which a child 's language is subject to changes over time .

Unfortunately , other forms of assessment do not lend themselves to precise measures of test-retest reliability and the clinician may need to judge how far situational factors might have influenced the two assessments .
unfortunately , other forms of [evaluation] do not lend themselves to precise measures of test-retest reliability and the clinician may need to judge how far situational factors might have influenced the two assessments .

For example , a child who is assessed while slightly under the weather or simply in a bad mood will be likely to perform below par , and a comparison of this assessment with a prior or subsequent assessment will provide a distorted impression of any real changes which have occurred .
for example , a child who is assessed while slightly under the weather or simply in a bad mood will be likely to perform below par , and a comparison of this [evaluation] with a prior or subsequent [evaluation] will provide a distorted impression of any real changes which have occurred .

One of the principal reasons for conducting a detailed assessment of a child 's language is to determine the most effective way of helping that child .
one of the principal reasons for conducting a detailed [evaluation] of a child 's language is to determine the most effective way of helping that child .

This chapter will deal only with issues relating to description and assessment , leaving a discussion of different approaches to intervention until Chapters 9 and 10 .
this chapter will deal only with issues relating to description and [evaluation] , leaving a discussion of different approaches to intervention until chapters 9 and 10 .

While it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .
while it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written [evaluation] so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .

Third , an assessment should identify those areas of language and communication in which the child has relative strengths .
third , an [evaluation] should identify those areas of language and communication in which the child has relative strengths .

Theoretical issues in language assessment
theoretical issues in language [evaluation]

Interpreting assessment information
interpreting [evaluation] information

The underlying rationale for any psychological or linguistic assessment is that it provides objective evidence which can be appropriately interpreted and evaluated .
the underlying rationale for any psychological or linguistic [evaluation] is that it provides objective evidence which can be appropriately interpreted and evaluated .

Most assessment procedures are developed in order to provide a particular kind of interpretation and because of this the criteria against which the child 's language will be evaluated are implicit in the procedure .
most [evaluation] procedures are developed in order to provide a particular kind of interpretation and because of this the criteria against which the child 's language will be evaluated are implicit in the procedure .

An interpretation of a child 's language will be derived from some comparison between the child 's actual language and a descriptive framework incorporated within the assessment procedure .
an interpretation of a child 's language will be derived from some comparison between the child 's actual language and a descriptive framework incorporated within the [evaluation] procedure .

Because the basis for making comparisons is not always made explicit , it may be helpful to discuss two kinds of descriptive framework which are frequently employed in assessment procedures .
because the basis for making comparisons is not always made explicit , it may be helpful to discuss two kinds of descriptive framework which are frequently employed in [evaluation] procedures .

Second , many assessment procedures are based on an implicit comparison between the language of the child being assessed and the language of normally developing children of a similar age .
second , many [evaluation] procedures are based on an implicit comparison between the language of the child being assessed and the language of normally developing children of a similar age .

How far this is possible depends to a great extent on the quality of the instructions accompanying the assessment procedure .
how far this is possible depends to a great extent on the quality of the instructions accompanying the [evaluation] procedure .

Structure , meaning and function in language assessment
structure , meaning and function in language [evaluation]

While it is true that different assessment procedures usually focus on one or other of these different aspects of language , this is a reflection on the recent history of psycholinguistic research and ought not be taken to imply that assessment is best carried out by focusing on discrete areas .
while it is true that different [evaluation] procedures usually focus on one or other of these different aspects of language , this is a reflection on the recent history of psycholinguistic research and ought not be taken to imply that [evaluation] is best carried out by focusing on discrete areas .

Indeed , the development of a set of assessment procedures which integrate structural , semantic and functional descriptions of language is perhaps the next major focus for clinical research .
indeed , the development of a set of [evaluation] procedures which integrate structural , semantic and functional descriptions of language is perhaps the next major focus for clinical research .

In the meantime , the task for the teacher or therapist is to examine all aspects of the child 's language , using whatever devices are available , with the objective of generating an assessment which reflects both strengths and weaknesses in the three areas , and indicates the extent to which difficulties identified in each of these areas may or may not be interrelated .
in the meantime , the task for the teacher or therapist is to examine all aspects of the child 's language , using whatever devices are available , with the objective of generating an [evaluation] which reflects both strengths and weaknesses in the three areas , and indicates the extent to which difficulties identified in each of these areas may or may not be interrelated .

The first is to argue that the elicitation procedures used in language assessment provide examples of language behaviour , which is determined by the child 's previous learning experiences within similar situations .
the first is to argue that the elicitation procedures used in language [evaluation] provide examples of language behaviour , which is determined by the child 's previous learning experiences within similar situations .

Any inferences regarding the applic-ability of the assessment information to other settings will be based upon the notion of generalisation — that is , an analysis of the inferred or observed similarities between the stimulus conditions obtaining in the assessment procedure and those which are present in other naturally occurring settings .
any inferences regarding the applic-ability of the [evaluation] information to other settings will be based upon the notion of generalisation — that is , an analysis of the inferred or observed similarities between the stimulus conditions obtaining in the [evaluation] procedure and those which are present in other naturally occurring settings .

These two explanations of the relationship between language produced in assessment settings and language in other everyday situations suffer from fairly obvious limitations .
these two explanations of the relationship between language produced in [evaluation] settings and language in other everyday situations suffer from fairly obvious limitations .

For example , if language difficulties identified from an assessment can be described in terms of a functional analysis , and an environmental deficit , remedial procedures might be directed at rearranging the contingencies in the child 's natural environment .
for example , if language difficulties identified from an [evaluation] can be described in terms of a functional analysis , and an environmental deficit , remedial procedures might be directed at rearranging the contingencies in the child 's natural environment .

It is therefore important to examine methods of language assessment in terms of the interaction between individual abilities and contextual influences on performance .
it is therefore important to examine methods of language [evaluation] in terms of the interaction between individual abilities and contextual influences on performance .

However , development is never static , and therefore an assessment at one point in time is an artificially frozen ‘ snapshot ’ of a dynamic process .
however , development is never static , and therefore an [evaluation] at one point in time is an artificially frozen ‘ snapshot ’ of a dynamic process .

Second , when making an assessment , information about what a child is able to do in one situation must necessarily form the basis of inferences about what a child might be able to do in other situations .
second , when making an [evaluation] , information about what a child is able to do in one situation must necessarily form the basis of inferences about what a child might be able to do in other situations .

Thus , one of the problems of language assessment becomes how to make a fair estimate of the child 's language ability , given evidence from a very restricted set of situations .
thus , one of the problems of language [evaluation] becomes how to make a fair estimate of the child 's language ability , given evidence from a very restricted set of situations .

However , diaries kept by parents can produce valuable information and also help parents to see themselves as active partners in the assessment process .
however , diaries kept by parents can produce valuable information and also help parents to see themselves as active partners in the [evaluation] process .

Fortunately , there are now a number of assessment instruments designed to utilise spontaneous speech samples , and some of these suggest coding utterances direct from a tape without the need for transcription .
fortunately , there are now a number of [evaluation] instruments designed to utilise spontaneous speech samples , and some of these suggest coding utterances direct from a tape without the need for transcription .

These limitations and practical difficulties do not remove the value of recording children 's speech in relatively natural settings ; they do , however , emphasise that it is extremely difficult to obtain objective and accurate information on which to base an assessment of a child 's linguistic abilities .
these limitations and practical difficulties do not remove the value of recording children 's speech in relatively natural settings ; they do , however , emphasise that it is extremely difficult to obtain objective and accurate information on which to base an [evaluation] of a child 's linguistic abilities .

The purpose of preparing a transcript is to present , in print , as complete a record of the taped material as is required for the particular assessment : ‘ It provides the foundation of ; 11 subsequent analyses and , as such , its importance can not be over estimated ’ ( Crystal 1984 ) .
the purpose of preparing a transcript is to present , in print , as complete a record of the taped material as is required for the particular [evaluation] : ‘ it provides the foundation of ; 11 subsequent analyses and , as such , its importance can not be over estimated ’ ( crystal 1984 ) .

Crystal ( 1984 ) makes a strong case for providing a detailed transcription of the language of all those who are candidates for assessment .
crystal ( 1984 ) makes a strong case for providing a detailed transcription of the language of all those who are candidates for [evaluation] .

For example , an assessment of a child 's command of phonology may focus on the child 's use of certain problematic contrasting phonemes , and it may only be necessary to transcribe phonemically those words in which particular contrasts normally occur .
for example , an [evaluation] of a child 's command of phonology may focus on the child 's use of certain problematic contrasting phonemes , and it may only be necessary to transcribe phonemically those words in which particular contrasts normally occur .

Similarly , if there are good reasons to target the assessment of the child 's command of specific grammatical structures or certain functional aspects of language , it may be sufficient to scan a tape for examples of these structures or functions , or for contexts in which they might reasonably be expected to occur .
similarly , if there are good reasons to target the [evaluation] of the child 's command of specific grammatical structures or certain functional aspects of language , it may be sufficient to scan a tape for examples of these structures or functions , or for contexts in which they might reasonably be expected to occur .

Thus , while Tough 's work may provide some interesting ideas for dealing with functional aspects of spontaneous speech , it may be less than entirely satisfactory as a means of obtaining reliable and objective assessment information .
thus , while tough 's work may provide some interesting ideas for dealing with functional aspects of spontaneous speech , it may be less than entirely satisfactory as a means of obtaining reliable and objective [evaluation] information .

Cognitively based language assessment
cognitively based language [evaluation]

The accuracy of the assessment therefore depends upon the observational skills of the person completing the checklist .
the accuracy of the [evaluation] therefore depends upon the observational skills of the person completing the checklist .

In summary , language checklists may provide a very practical and relatively quick form of assessment which can be used for a variety of purposes described at the beginning of Chapter 6 .
in summary , language checklists may provide a very practical and relatively quick form of [evaluation] which can be used for a variety of purposes described at the beginning of chapter 6 .

They also have the advantage of being able to integrate the assessment of structural , semantic and functional aspects of language by including a variety of different kinds of items , or by employing items which examine more than one aspect of language performance .
they also have the advantage of being able to integrate the [evaluation] of structural , semantic and functional aspects of language by including a variety of different kinds of items , or by employing items which examine more than one aspect of language performance .

Checklists are seldom employed to assess phonological skills , but are much more frequently applied to grammatical and functional language abilities which may be relatively difficult to elicit during a formal assessment session .
checklists are seldom employed to assess phonological skills , but are much more frequently applied to grammatical and functional language abilities which may be relatively difficult to elicit during a formal [evaluation] session .

In line with the continuing strength of the psychometric tradition within clinical and educational psychology in Britain , and more especially in the United States , the largest category of language assessment instruments is formal tests .
in line with the continuing strength of the psychometric tradition within clinical and educational psychology in britain , and more especially in the united states , the largest category of language [evaluation] instruments is formal tests .

Because of the claims made by test constructors in relation to the numerical scores which can be derived from tests and the very considerable technical demands required to meet these assessment objectives , it is necessary to evaluate language tests against a number of well-established criteria ( McCauley and Swisher 1984 ) .
because of the claims made by test constructors in relation to the numerical scores which can be derived from tests and the very considerable technical demands required to meet these [evaluation] objectives , it is necessary to evaluate language tests against a number of well-established criteria ( mccauley and swisher 1984 ) .

The content validity of individual items may be determined by inspection by someone with expertise in the area of language assessment .
the content validity of individual items may be determined by inspection by someone with expertise in the area of language [evaluation] .

On the other hand , if the scores of the standardisation sample were such that only a very small proportion — say , 5 per cent — scored 40 or less , then a child with this score may be identified as being in need of further , more detailed assessment .
on the other hand , if the scores of the standardisation sample were such that only a very small proportion — say , 5 per cent — scored 40 or less , then a child with this score may be identified as being in need of further , more detailed [evaluation] .

The authors suggest that any child who achieves a score of less than 85 should be regarded as in need of further assessment and , possibly , structured intervention .
the authors suggest that any child who achieves a score of less than 85 should be regarded as in need of further [evaluation] and , possibly , structured intervention .

On the basis of these observations , it is not possible to say whether or not one of these tests provides a more useful assessment tool than the other .
on the basis of these observations , it is not possible to say whether or not one of these tests provides a more useful [evaluation] tool than the other .

This will depend upon the purpose of the assessment and how much is already known about a particular child .
this will depend upon the purpose of the [evaluation] and how much is already known about a particular child .

Numerous tests are available to assist in the systematic assessment of a wide range of grammatical abilities , only a small selection of which are presented here .
numerous tests are available to assist in the systematic [evaluation] of a wide range of grammatical abilities , only a small selection of which are presented here .

These comments suggest that the test is unlikely to be useful as a screening instrument but , when used in conjunction with other tests or with children who have already been identified as having language difficulties , it may assist in the generation of a balanced assessment of a child 's strengths and weaknesses .
these comments suggest that the test is unlikely to be useful as a screening instrument but , when used in conjunction with other tests or with children who have already been identified as having language difficulties , it may assist in the generation of a balanced [evaluation] of a child 's strengths and weaknesses .

As the name of this test implies , it is designed to be used as a screening device to identify children between 3 and 8 years of age who require further assessment and possible intervention ( Lee 1969 ) .
as the name of this test implies , it is designed to be used as a screening device to identify children between 3 and 8 years of age who require further [evaluation] and possible intervention ( lee 1969 ) .

Lee recommends that any child who scores below 2 standard deviations from the standardised mean should be identified for further assessment , although no reason is given for this .
lee recommends that any child who scores below 2 standard deviations from the standardised mean should be identified for further [evaluation] , although no reason is given for this .

a valuable assessment tool for children who are unable or unwilling to co-operate with other testing procedures .
a valuable [evaluation] tool for children who are unable or unwilling to co-operate with other testing procedures .

Here , it is suggested that a score of +10 or -10 points should be regarded as a discrepancy and worthy of further assessment .
here , it is suggested that a score of +10 or -10 points should be regarded as a discrepancy and worthy of further [evaluation] .

While the former provide information regarding whether a test might reasonably be expected to facilitate the assessment of particular individuals and for particular purposes , the latter give information regarding the nature and quality of any information which is derived from the test .
while the former provide information regarding whether a test might reasonably be expected to facilitate the [evaluation] of particular individuals and for particular purposes , the latter give information regarding the nature and quality of any information which is derived from the test .

These two criteria will determine the extent to which it is felt that the test can provide a meaningful assessment of children who may have additional articulatory , sensory or physical disorders , as well as possible linguistic difficulties .
these two criteria will determine the extent to which it is felt that the test can provide a meaningful [evaluation] of children who may have additional articulatory , sensory or physical disorders , as well as possible linguistic difficulties .

Quantitative scores may be more appropriate for research purposes , for evaluating the effectiveness of different forms of therapy , for screening large numbers of children , and for identifying whether or not a particular child is experiencing difficulties which warrant further assessment and possibly some form of placement or remediation .
quantitative scores may be more appropriate for research purposes , for evaluating the effectiveness of different forms of therapy , for screening large numbers of children , and for identifying whether or not a particular child is experiencing difficulties which warrant further [evaluation] and possibly some form of placement or remediation .

The process of developing a referral is followed through , showing how assessment leads into a piece of planned social work offering social care , using case studies as examples .
the process of developing a referral is followed through , showing how [evaluation] leads into a piece of planned social work offering social care , using case studies as examples .

The assessment of need at point of referral will be undertaken by the social worker on duty , or by the Home Help Organiser if a home help is requested .
the [evaluation] of need at point of referral will be undertaken by the social worker on duty , or by the home help organiser if a home help is requested .

This sets the framework for doing a bio-psychosocial assessment , using multidisciplinary knowledge from other professionals to piece together the impact of recent events on a particular family network .
this sets the framework for doing a bio-psychosocial [evaluation] , using multidisciplinary knowledge from other professionals to piece together the impact of recent events on a particular family network .

It is valuable to collect information from the family network , and from involved professionals , as by weighing up and balancing different contributions it is possible to build up a picture of recent events to complete an assessment .
it is valuable to collect information from the family network , and from involved professionals , as by weighing up and balancing different contributions it is possible to build up a picture of recent events to complete an [evaluation] .

The assessment process begins with the initial screening of referrals by the duty officer , taking messages and doing short intake interviews .
the [evaluation] process begins with the initial screening of referrals by the duty officer , taking messages and doing short intake interviews .

The team leader does a further assessment before deciding whether a social worker or social work aide should take on the referral .
the team leader does a further [evaluation] before deciding whether a social worker or social work aide should take on the referral .

Once allocated it should be a prime task of the particular worker to do a full assessment , in the knowledge that this may need to be repeated , as the health , morale or circumstances of the elderly person at risk can change rapidly with a knock-on effect .
once allocated it should be a prime task of the particular worker to do a full [evaluation] , in the knowledge that this may need to be repeated , as the health , morale or circumstances of the elderly person at risk can change rapidly with a knock-on effect .

At least an hour should be allowed to conduct an interview with a vulnerable elderly client , in order to begin an assessment .
at least an hour should be allowed to conduct an interview with a vulnerable elderly client , in order to begin an [evaluation] .

It is increasingly recognised that a full medical assessment is helpful if a change of residence is planned , such as admission to a residential home .
it is increasingly recognised that a full medical [evaluation] is helpful if a change of residence is planned , such as admission to a residential home .

As part of an assessment a careful written record should be made identifying needs , wants and feelings , resources and unmet needs .
as part of an [evaluation] a careful written record should be made identifying needs , wants and feelings , resources and unmet needs .

In summary the assessment of a client with his/her family network requires that the social worker , or student , or social work aide does the following :
in summary the [evaluation] of a client with his/her family network requires that the social worker , or student , or social work aide does the following :

Assessment offers the space for individualising the vulnerable elderly client .
[evaluation] offers the space for individualising the vulnerable elderly client .

close assessment of client need ;
close [evaluation] of client need ;

do a careful and detailed assessment ;
do a careful and detailed [evaluation] ;

The necessity for undertaking a bio-psychosocial assessment , before starting to plan any social care has been explored , with the help of case examples .
the necessity for undertaking a bio-psychosocial [evaluation] , before starting to plan any social care has been explored , with the help of case examples .

Marshall ( 1988 , p. 31 ) identifies a number of skills emphasising assessment and interagency work , as we have already done .
marshall ( 1988 , p. 31 ) identifies a number of skills emphasising [evaluation] and interagency work , as we have already done .

One can not negotiate where an agency has clear rules , for example about the necessity for undertaking a financial assessment for an old person being admitted to local authority residential care .
one can not negotiate where an agency has clear rules , for example about the necessity for undertaking a financial [evaluation] for an old person being admitted to local authority residential care .

The assessment has to be done .
the [evaluation] has to be done .

Negotiation might take place about the kind of assets to be taken into account in making the assessment .
negotiation might take place about the kind of assets to be taken into account in making the [evaluation] .

This will involve providing assessment , information , technical know how , services and counselling .
this will involve providing [evaluation] , information , technical know how , services and counselling .

The social worker should do a bio-psychosocial assessment taking a careful look at any disruption in the elderly person 's capacity to function and to cope , particularly if there has been a health cause to precipitate a referral .
the social worker should do a bio-psychosocial [evaluation] taking a careful look at any disruption in the elderly person 's capacity to function and to cope , particularly if there has been a health cause to precipitate a referral .

In approaching family work in this way a social worker may want to arrange for a multidisciplinary assessment , calling on advice from the health care team .
in approaching family work in this way a social worker may want to arrange for a multidisciplinary [evaluation] , calling on advice from the health care team .

In working with a family , after an initial assessment interview primarily with the elderly person , the social worker may find him/ herself working with :
in working with a family , after an initial [evaluation] interview primarily with the elderly person , the social worker may find him/ herself working with :

Social workers may be asked in future to undertake a functional and financial assessment before state funds can subsidise an elderly person in a private rest home .
social workers may be asked in future to undertake a functional and financial [evaluation] before state funds can subsidise an elderly person in a private rest home .

Some local authorities keep temporary beds for assessment purposes to forestall permanent admissions arising out of crises ; this allows for reflection and mobilisation of other services .
some local authorities keep temporary beds for [evaluation] purposes to forestall permanent admissions arising out of crises ; this allows for reflection and mobilisation of other services .

This should include a care plan , following a pre-admission assessment .
this should include a care plan , following a pre-admission [evaluation] .

Local authority assessment of those funded by government spending has been recommended ( Wagner , 1988 ) .
local authority [evaluation] of those funded by government spending has been recommended ( wagner , 1988 ) .

This approach accepts that in any merger there will be certain benefits and certain disadvantages ( ie costs ) and that some sort of assessment has to be made in order to consider the overall impact .
this approach accepts that in any merger there will be certain benefits and certain disadvantages ( ie costs ) and that some sort of [evaluation] has to be made in order to consider the overall impact .

Government interference , whether for political or economic reasons , is likely to make this assessment even more difficult .
government interference , whether for political or economic reasons , is likely to make this [evaluation] even more difficult .

What we need are proper assessment centres .
what we need are proper [evaluation] centres .

That 's as eloquent assessment as you 'll get , though Lou Duva offered a more colourful one .
that 's as eloquent [evaluation] as you 'll get , though lou duva offered a more colourful one .

‘ The first 20 minutes will be critical and , the way he kicks , Botha could beat us on his own if we give him the chances , ’ said Carling , whose assessment was backed by pack leader Brian Moore .
‘ the first 20 minutes will be critical and , the way he kicks , botha could beat us on his own if we give him the chances , ’ said carling , whose [evaluation] was backed by pack leader brian moore .

D'Arcy could n't disagree with Roquelaure 's assessment . ‘ Presumably you checked out this Abdullah Hayira character before you did business with him ? ’
d'arcy could n't disagree with roquelaure 's [evaluation] . ‘ presumably you checked out this abdullah hayira character before you did business with him ? ’

Their feelings of hopelessness are confirmed by any assessment of prospects .
their feelings of hopelessness are confirmed by any [evaluation] of prospects .

This may not be an accurate assessment of the family dynamic , but the re-labelling of the problem does enable the family to focus on a problem that might not otherwise be considered , the effect of one caring relationship on another .
this may not be an accurate [evaluation] of the family dynamic , but the re-labelling of the problem does enable the family to focus on a problem that might not otherwise be considered , the effect of one caring relationship on another .

If such an assessment of the impact of retirement on women can be made by such an eminent female writer , it is perhaps not unnatural that the idea is very much part of our dominant social attitudes .
if such an [evaluation] of the impact of retirement on women can be made by such an eminent female writer , it is perhaps not unnatural that the idea is very much part of our dominant social attitudes .

More recent changes in female employment , and the increasing ‘ liberation ’ of women from a life centred entirely around the home and the family , will make such an assessment increasingly outdated .
more recent changes in female employment , and the increasing ‘ liberation ’ of women from a life centred entirely around the home and the family , will make such an [evaluation] increasingly outdated .

In extreme cases of ageist practice , certain forms of treatment might be refused purely on the basis of age , and on a cost-benefit assessment of treatment being ‘ wasted ’ on older people with a low life expectancy .
in extreme cases of ageist practice , certain forms of treatment might be refused purely on the basis of age , and on a cost-benefit [evaluation] of treatment being ‘ wasted ’ on older people with a low life expectancy .

Nora 's realism and level-headed assessment of the situation made Louise ashamed of her own emotional reaction to the news .
nora 's realism and level-headed [evaluation] of the situation made louise ashamed of her own emotional reaction to the news .

As the taxi sped them into Rome , Nora had no chance to look at the view ; she was kept busy listening to Louise , who was giving her assessment of the situation .
as the taxi sped them into rome , nora had no chance to look at the view ; she was kept busy listening to louise , who was giving her [evaluation] of the situation .

Let others know what you expect from them , and standards for assessment .
let others know what you expect from them , and standards for [evaluation] .

Interviews are fraught with status interactions because of their very nature : meetings with a purpose , and that purpose being the assessment of one person by another .
interviews are fraught with status interactions because of their very nature : meetings with a purpose , and that purpose being the [evaluation] of one person by another .

Where Hobson and Angell really diverged was in their assessment of the attitudes of the rich towards international conflict short of war itself .
where hobson and angell really diverged was in their [evaluation] of the attitudes of the rich towards international conflict short of war itself .

But , as the Election approached , Labour activists were more likely to place wishful thinking before any realistic assessment of the electoral facts .
but , as the election approached , labour activists were more likely to place wishful thinking before any realistic [evaluation] of the electoral facts .

It 's just a winter assessment .
it 's just a winter [evaluation] .

But it was Pearce 's assessment which carried a more convincing argument in favour of Ron Atkinson 's team .
but it was pearce 's [evaluation] which carried a more convincing argument in favour of ron atkinson 's team .

But John Barnes ' assessment of the performance was more pointed .
but john barnes ' [evaluation] of the performance was more pointed .

It has been held that where more than one assessment was raised under different statutory provisions in respect of the same amount then , provided these were clearly alternative assessments , they were not void .
it has been held that where more than one [evaluation] was raised under different statutory provisions in respect of the same amount then , provided these were clearly alternative assessments , they were not void .

However , your assessment of whether the manager is reputable , experienced and has a good performance record will be of prime importance .
however , your [evaluation] of whether the manager is reputable , experienced and has a good performance record will be of prime importance .

‘ In calculating the provision in the latter instance , an assessment is made of the likelihood of the property being taken into possession based on relevant past experience and current market conditions .
‘ in calculating the provision in the latter instance , an [evaluation] is made of the likelihood of the property being taken into possession based on relevant past experience and current market conditions .

Where more than one assessment was raised under different statutory provisions in respect of the same amount then , provided these were clearly alternative assessments , they were not void .
where more than one [evaluation] was raised under different statutory provisions in respect of the same amount then , provided these were clearly alternative assessments , they were not void .

This is important to individual sites so that they can make their own assessment of the value to them of adopting what has been identified as best practice elsewhere .
this is important to individual sites so that they can make their own [evaluation] of the value to them of adopting what has been identified as best practice elsewhere .

Drawing on Norse mythology , Adrian Savage , who runs Assessment Design Services , a training company based at Leamington Spa , describes middle managers as ‘ the squirrels of the world tree ’ .
drawing on norse mythology , adrian savage , who runs [evaluation] design services , a training company based at leamington spa , describes middle managers as ‘ the squirrels of the world tree ’ .

The income tax assessment should be made separately on that person in respect of the business .
the income tax [evaluation] should be made separately on that person in respect of the business .

The fact that consciousness is able to operate independently of the physical vehicle has been proved throughout vast research , and that an ‘ interconnectiveness ’ exists between mind and matter was brought clearly into focus in a study prepared for the House of Representatives Science and Technology Commission in the United States , back in 1981 . In a section encouraging serious assessment of further research on the ‘ physics of consciousness ’ , the report revealed that :
the fact that consciousness is able to operate independently of the physical vehicle has been proved throughout vast research , and that an ‘ interconnectiveness ’ exists between mind and matter was brought clearly into focus in a study prepared for the house of representatives science and technology commission in the united states , back in 1981 . in a section encouraging serious [evaluation] of further research on the ‘ physics of consciousness ’ , the report revealed that :

‘ Accountability is an examination or assessment of how well responsibilities have been carried out in terms of results that have actually been obtained and the efficiency with which they were achieved .
‘ accountability is an examination or [evaluation] of how well responsibilities have been carried out in terms of results that have actually been obtained and the efficiency with which they were achieved .

‘ In the same way in which a person 's job can say something about the way he values himself and sees himself as being valued , there was considerable talk [ in the group ] about assessment and much time was devoted to the problems of time and motion and job evaluation .
‘ in the same way in which a person 's job can say something about the way he values himself and sees himself as being valued , there was considerable talk [ in the group ] about [evaluation] and much time was devoted to the problems of time and motion and job evaluation .

’ This assessment appears valid , but the authorities did not take satisfaction from it .
’ this [evaluation] appears valid , but the authorities did not take satisfaction from it .

Then , out of the blue , Simon and Moscato announced after a considered assessment they had decided to opt out of the French national squad 's World Cup preparations .
then , out of the blue , simon and moscato announced after a considered [evaluation] they had decided to opt out of the french national squad 's world cup preparations .

Titles include : The Directory of Career Management , Outplacement and Assessment ; The Directory of Interim Management and Non-executive Directors ; The Directory of Executive Recruitment Consultants ; The International Directory of Executive Recruitment Consultants ; and Executive Moves .
titles include : the directory of career management , outplacement and [evaluation] ; the directory of interim management and non-executive directors ; the directory of executive recruitment consultants ; the international directory of executive recruitment consultants ; and executive moves .

Anyone nominated for a partnership now has to go through a two-day assessment and take part in simulated exercises that test the ability to display initiative in seeking new business .
anyone nominated for a partnership now has to go through a two-day [evaluation] and take part in simulated exercises that test the ability to display initiative in seeking new business .

Robson Rhodes has been assisted in the change programme by Adrian Savage , who runs training organisation Assessment Design Services .
robson rhodes has been assisted in the change programme by adrian savage , who runs training organisation [evaluation] design services .

One topic addressed by many commentators was the assessment of the maturity of debt
one topic addressed by many commentators was the [evaluation] of the maturity of debt

The proportion allocated , it says , reflects an assessment of the activities undertaken by the manager in pursuit of the company 's investment objectives .
the proportion allocated , it says , reflects an [evaluation] of the activities undertaken by the manager in pursuit of the company 's investment objectives .

Where a loan or advance is made to a participator in a close company , the tax charged will be due without assessment 14 days after the end of the accounting period .
where a loan or advance is made to a participator in a close company , the tax charged will be due without [evaluation] 14 days after the end of the accounting period .

The taxpayer company appealed against a corporation tax assessment in November 1983 , which represented an estimate of profits in the accounting period ending 25 September 1982 .
the taxpayer company appealed against a corporation tax [evaluation] in november 1983 , which represented an estimate of profits in the accounting period ending 25 september 1982 .

The Crown claimed a declaration that on the true construction of the agreement the company 's chargeable profits for the period were agreed at £66,030,816 , and the company 's appeal against the assessment was determined accordingly .
the crown claimed a declaration that on the true construction of the agreement the company 's chargeable profits for the period were agreed at £66,030,816 , and the company 's appeal against the [evaluation] was determined accordingly .

Both the taxpayer and the Crown expressed dissatisfaction with the Special Commissioner 's determination of an assessment for 1985/86 in a reduced amount .
both the taxpayer and the crown expressed dissatisfaction with the special commissioner 's determination of an [evaluation] for 1985/86 in a reduced amount .

Although the Stock Exchange does not specifically require notes to the interim financial information , it does require an explanatory statement that will enable investors to make an informed assessment of a company 's activities and profit and loss during the period .
although the stock exchange does not specifically require notes to the interim financial information , it does require an explanatory statement that will enable investors to make an informed [evaluation] of a company 's activities and profit and loss during the period .

The proposal has been retained as the Board believes that information on the market value of liabilities is relevant to an assessment of the economic position of the company ( Discussion Paper , paragraphs 3.31-3.35 ) .
the proposal has been retained as the board believes that information on the market value of liabilities is relevant to an [evaluation] of the economic position of the company ( discussion paper , paragraphs 3.31-3.35 ) .

Examples include the general viewing of videos and television programmes , the use of audio tapes , participation in computer based learning programmes , distance learning , and any alternative form of learning where there is no interaction with other individuals , and no assessment ( in the form of a further qualification ) is provided .
examples include the general viewing of videos and television programmes , the use of audio tapes , participation in computer based learning programmes , distance learning , and any alternative form of learning where there is no interaction with other individuals , and no [evaluation] ( in the form of a further qualification ) is provided .

certain shoe companies , namely Karhu and New Balance , offer a more precise assessment with fitting machines which not only measures your feet but also indicate foot type .
certain shoe companies , namely karhu and new balance , offer a more precise [evaluation] with fitting machines which not only measures your feet but also indicate foot type .

But you can take home assessment a step further with a thorough post-mortem of your old shoes .
but you can take home [evaluation] a step further with a thorough post-mortem of your old shoes .

Toulon coach Jean-Claude Balatore made the right assessment ; while Biarritz had the men to hold their own in the line-out , neither Ondarts nor his mate Condom — despite their impressive international records — had the stomach for a ferocious challenge up front .
toulon coach jean-claude balatore made the right [evaluation] ; while biarritz had the men to hold their own in the line-out , neither ondarts nor his mate condom — despite their impressive international records — had the stomach for a ferocious challenge up front .

The new consultative document develops the concept of the current year basis of assessment and has dropped the alternative accounting period basis that was previously considered .
the new consultative document develops the concept of the current year basis of [evaluation] and has dropped the alternative accounting period basis that was previously considered .

The document proposes that each member of a partnership be assessed personally on their share of the partnership profits , rather than on an assessment on the firm for which all are jointly and severally liable .
the document proposes that each member of a partnership be assessed personally on their share of the partnership profits , rather than on an [evaluation] on the firm for which all are jointly and severally liable .

On enquiry the Inspector contends that as the transactions were not recorded in the accounting records in March 1991 , no cognisance can be taken of the dividend , and he is therefore seeking to raise a s 419 assessment .
on enquiry the inspector contends that as the transactions were not recorded in the accounting records in march 1991 , no cognisance can be taken of the dividend , and he is therefore seeking to raise a s 419 [evaluation] .

In this instance the directors are presumably the same as the shareholders , and the intention was , undoubtedly , to effect the motor vehicles ' transfer and payment of the dividend on exactly the same date to avoid a loan account debit and a s 419 assessment .
in this instance the directors are presumably the same as the shareholders , and the intention was , undoubtedly , to effect the motor vehicles ' transfer and payment of the dividend on exactly the same date to avoid a loan account debit and a s 419 [evaluation] .

If in fact the auditor 's assessment of the distribution of the future cash flows conveys new information to the market , then this will have some impact on prices as the market reassesses the appropriate discount for risk .
if in fact the auditor 's [evaluation] of the distribution of the future cash flows conveys new information to the market , then this will have some impact on prices as the market reassesses the appropriate discount for risk .

From 20 November 1992 , the interest rate on unpaid tax and repayment supplement for income tax , capital gains tax , development land tax , corporation tax ( including advance corporation tax ) , petroleum revenue tax ( including advance petroleum revenue tax ) , supplementary petroleum duty , Stamp Duty Reserve Tax , and on tax charged by an assessment for the purpose of making good to the Crown a loss of tax wholly or partly attributable to failure or error by the taxpayer , is reduced from 7.75% to 7% .
from 20 november 1992 , the interest rate on unpaid tax and repayment supplement for income tax , capital gains tax , development land tax , corporation tax ( including advance corporation tax ) , petroleum revenue tax ( including advance petroleum revenue tax ) , supplementary petroleum duty , stamp duty reserve tax , and on tax charged by an [evaluation] for the purpose of making good to the crown a loss of tax wholly or partly attributable to failure or error by the taxpayer , is reduced from 7.75% to 7% .

Most purchasing decisions are based on an internal assessment of business needs , a specification of the product or service required and some competitive procurement process .
most purchasing decisions are based on an internal [evaluation] of business needs , a specification of the product or service required and some competitive procurement process .

Criteria would include : work experience requirements based on length of service , level of responsibility and the quality and quantity of assignments ; assessment of technical knowledge and competence through written or oral exams , continuous assessment and/or dissertations on an approved subject ; and continuing professional education .
criteria would include : work experience requirements based on length of service , level of responsibility and the quality and quantity of assignments ; [evaluation] of technical knowledge and competence through written or oral exams , continuous [evaluation] and/or dissertations on an approved subject ; and continuing professional education .

Giving an opinion on going concern was an increasing problem for 79 % of firms and 37.8 % said that client pressure inhibited their ‘ honest assessment ’ .
giving an opinion on going concern was an increasing problem for 79 % of firms and 37.8 % said that client pressure inhibited their ‘ honest [evaluation] ’ .

From 6 November 1992 the rate of interest on unpaid tax and repayment supplement for income tax , capital gains tax , development land tax , corporation tax ( including advance corporation tax ) , petroleum revenue tax ( including advance petroleum revenue tax ) , supplementary petroleum duty , Stamp Duty Reserve Tax , and on tax charged by an assessment for the purpose of making good to the Crown a loss of tax wholly or partly attributable to failure or error by the taxpayer , is reduced from 9.25% to 7.75% .
from 6 november 1992 the rate of interest on unpaid tax and repayment supplement for income tax , capital gains tax , development land tax , corporation tax ( including advance corporation tax ) , petroleum revenue tax ( including advance petroleum revenue tax ) , supplementary petroleum duty , stamp duty reserve tax , and on tax charged by an [evaluation] for the purpose of making good to the crown a loss of tax wholly or partly attributable to failure or error by the taxpayer , is reduced from 9.25% to 7.75% .

Reform of personal tax assessment
reform of personal tax [evaluation]

The assessment was determined by the General Commissioners and a statutory demand subsequently served on the debtor to recover the tax payable .
the [evaluation] was determined by the general commissioners and a statutory demand subsequently served on the debtor to recover the tax payable .

An inspector may revise the accounting period to which an extended time limit assessment applies where it is clear that the period in question is a point of contention with the taxpayer .
an inspector may revise the accounting period to which an extended time limit [evaluation] applies where it is clear that the period in question is a point of contention with the taxpayer .

An assessment was raised for the year to 31 January 1978 , in the absence of accounts , which was subsequently confirmed by the General Commissioners .
an [evaluation] was raised for the year to 31 january 1978 , in the absence of accounts , which was subsequently confirmed by the general commissioners .

Mr Justice Vinelott , allowing the inspector 's appeal , said that the question of uncertainty in relation to s 247 ( 8 ) could not be determined by reference to the inspector 's state of mind at the time when the assessment was made .
mr justice vinelott , allowing the inspector 's appeal , said that the question of uncertainty in relation to s 247 ( 8 ) could not be determined by reference to the inspector 's state of mind at the time when the [evaluation] was made .

Leave was granted to make the assessment on the basis that on appeal the company could show that the accounting period ended on 31 January 1978 .
leave was granted to make the [evaluation] on the basis that on appeal the company could show that the accounting period ended on 31 january 1978 .

It specialised in wheat and stock production , with a sophisticated system of cooperation , based on no regular method but on an annual assessment of the needs of particular fields and crops .
it specialised in wheat and stock production , with a sophisticated system of cooperation , based on no regular method but on an annual [evaluation] of the needs of particular fields and crops .

But Mr Garrett said others who have taken only the three-hour assessment are responding to pursuits despite force guidelines prohibiting them .
but mr garrett said others who have taken only the three-hour [evaluation] are responding to pursuits despite force guidelines prohibiting them .

Empirical evaluation differs from assessment , as the term is generally understood , in that it focuses not on the measurement of learner attainment as matched against norms or criteria of success but on the process of learning and the factors which appear to influence it .
empirical evaluation differs from [evaluation] , as the term is generally understood , in that it focuses not on the measurement of learner attainment as matched against norms or criteria of success but on the process of learning and the factors which appear to influence it .

This , again , distinguishes evaluation from assessment .
this , again , distinguishes evaluation from [evaluation] .

With assessment learners simply provide behavioural outputs : they are a source of data .
with [evaluation] learners simply provide behavioural outputs : they are a source of data .

Employers will have to assess health and safety risks to employees and others who may be affected and arrange for the implementation of measures identified by the risk assessment ( p 104 ) .
employers will have to assess health and safety risks to employees and others who may be affected and arrange for the implementation of measures identified by the risk [evaluation] ( p 104 ) .

When part of the premises is vacated , and is capable of forming a separate occupation , it is essential to submit an appeal seeking a separate assessment on the vacant part .
when part of the premises is vacated , and is capable of forming a separate occupation , it is essential to submit an appeal seeking a separate [evaluation] on the vacant part .

Similarly , when subletting , if the sublet part is not to remain empty for any time , a separate assessment is still prudent .
similarly , when subletting , if the sublet part is not to remain empty for any time , a separate [evaluation] is still prudent .

Common sense suggests that there should be as much integration as possible of the practical training , classroom-based education , and formal assessment that leads to a professional qualification .
common sense suggests that there should be as much integration as possible of the practical training , classroom-based education , and formal [evaluation] that leads to a professional qualification .

Undoubtedly we have further to go in this , and the Institute is engaged in longer-term research into competence-based assessment .
undoubtedly we have further to go in this , and the institute is engaged in longer-term research into competence-based [evaluation] .

On appeal by the Crown , it was found that the Lord Ordinary had failed to give proper weight to Taxes Management Act 1970 , in particular that interest on overdue tax was to be treated as if it were tax charged and due and payable under the assessment to which it related .
on appeal by the crown , it was found that the lord ordinary had failed to give proper weight to taxes management act 1970 , in particular that interest on overdue tax was to be treated as if it were tax charged and due and payable under the [evaluation] to which it related .

Assessment time has doubled , said one Lincolnshire social worker who predicted the authority 's petrol budget would rise dramatically as staff make more visits to clients .
[evaluation] time has doubled , said one lincolnshire social worker who predicted the authority 's petrol budget would rise dramatically as staff make more visits to clients .

To a series of 20 propositions , covering such headings as finance and capacity , assessment and care management , participation and monitoring and control , they had to rate their own organisation on a scale of one to five .
to a series of 20 propositions , covering such headings as finance and capacity , [evaluation] and care management , participation and monitoring and control , they had to rate their own organisation on a scale of one to five .

Broad agreement was also evident on issues of assessment and care management .
broad agreement was also evident on issues of [evaluation] and care management .

Health departments had achieved a clearer separation of purchases and provider functions , and much more effective methods of needs assessment at the district-wide level .
health departments had achieved a clearer separation of purchases and provider functions , and much more effective methods of needs [evaluation] at the district-wide level .

Clients can also buy extra vouchers for specific occasions , although regular extra vouchers would alert the service to the possibility of a new assessment of need .
clients can also buy extra vouchers for specific occasions , although regular extra vouchers would alert the service to the possibility of a new [evaluation] of need .

Increasing evidence for major changes in the environment during the Vendian and Cambrian also require further assessment .
increasing evidence for major changes in the environment during the vendian and cambrian also require further [evaluation] .

1 ) , it is possible to make a quantitative assessment of the shape of the bulge .
1 ) , it is possible to make a quantitative [evaluation] of the shape of the bulge .

Assessment of the extent to which the widespread , geologically correlated occurrences of mat deposits ( Fig .
[evaluation] of the extent to which the widespread , geologically correlated occurrences of mat deposits ( fig .

The package of education reforms unveiled by Richard Riley , the education secretary , on April 21st was frankly disappointing ; more of the old policy of exhortation , together with voluntary codes of curriculum content and methods of assessment .
the package of education reforms unveiled by richard riley , the education secretary , on april 21st was frankly disappointing ; more of the old policy of exhortation , together with voluntary codes of curriculum content and methods of [evaluation] .

Despite some criticisms which will be considered below , the basic assessment of the Nicaraguan Prison System must be positive . The Catholic Institute for International Relations , who inspected the system in 1986 , stated that
despite some criticisms which will be considered below , the basic [evaluation] of the nicaraguan prison system must be positive . the catholic institute for international relations , who inspected the system in 1986 , stated that

In a book published in 1975 , he praises Montini for the courage he had displayed in supporting him twenty years earlier , but adds this comment : One does not have to accept all of that to recognize that the assessment is shrewd .
in a book published in 1975 , he praises montini for the courage he had displayed in supporting him twenty years earlier , but adds this comment : one does not have to accept all of that to recognize that the [evaluation] is shrewd .

Treatment was to be individualised , based on scientific assessment and classification .
treatment was to be individualised , based on scientific [evaluation] and classification .

‘ Cheap ’ assessment lands Avon in court
‘ cheap ’ [evaluation] lands avon in court

The guidance , while encouraging social workers to share information with clients about their needs , warns them against recording this on the assessment form because clients could go to court over any assessed needs which are not being met with services .
the guidance , while encouraging social workers to share information with clients about their needs , warns them against recording this on the [evaluation] form because clients could go to court over any assessed needs which are not being met with services .

‘ This has been a live issue for a long time , but it has been brought into sharp relief by the lack of clear guidance on assessment from the DoH , ’ he said .
‘ this has been a live issue for a long time , but it has been brought into sharp relief by the lack of clear guidance on [evaluation] from the doh , ’ he said .

Most had given little attention to the assessment and care management of people with problem drug or alcohol use ’ .
most had given little attention to the [evaluation] and care management of people with problem drug or alcohol use ’ .

It is among several which fear possible closure within months unless the new assessment and funding procedures move up several gears .
it is among several which fear possible closure within months unless the new [evaluation] and funding procedures move up several gears .

‘ Few local authorities have assessment procedures properly in place , ’ said Alison Chesney , director of the Cranstoun Projects .
‘ few local authorities have [evaluation] procedures properly in place , ’ said alison chesney , director of the cranstoun projects .

Parental responsibility , partnership , non-intervention , attention to the wishes of the child and the necessity for a full assessment may mitigate the perceived threat of children being separated from their families because of their lifestyle .
parental responsibility , partnership , non-intervention , attention to the wishes of the child and the necessity for a full [evaluation] may mitigate the perceived threat of children being separated from their families because of their lifestyle .

The chief problem is needs assessment and challenges by clients or their advocates over unmet need .
the chief problem is needs [evaluation] and challenges by clients or their advocates over unmet need .

For example , in the past two years many applications have been made against local authorities ' handling of assessment and service delivery for children with special educational needs .
for example , in the past two years many applications have been made against local authorities ' handling of [evaluation] and service delivery for children with special educational needs .

Yet we had skills in assessment and rehabilitation and links with the health service which the independent sector lacked .
yet we had skills in [evaluation] and rehabilitation and links with the health service which the independent sector lacked .

They will take confused or physically frail elderly people for assessment and rehabilitation when they are at their most vulnerable , maybe after a stroke or bereavement .
they will take confused or physically frail elderly people for [evaluation] and rehabilitation when they are at their most vulnerable , maybe after a stroke or bereavement .

Now , one floor of the building has been converted into a 40-place day centre and another into a ten-bed assessment and rehabilitation unit .
now , one floor of the building has been converted into a 40-place day centre and another into a ten-bed [evaluation] and rehabilitation unit .

She says a new management structure will ensure care staff work closely with the assessment and rehabilitation teams .
she says a new management structure will ensure care staff work closely with the [evaluation] and rehabilitation teams .

We may ultimately have people pulling together plans where they assessment is done by a range of people outside social services .
we may ultimately have people pulling together plans where they [evaluation] is done by a range of people outside social services .

Your article on British education reforms ( April 10th ) says that objective assessment ‘ allows both teachers and parents to see how well a child is doing ’ .
your article on british education reforms ( april 10th ) says that objective [evaluation] ‘ allows both teachers and parents to see how well a child is doing ’ .

Inevitably , this meant something between ‘ charging what the traffic would bear ’ and subjective cost assessment or extrapolation of past practice .
inevitably , this meant something between ‘ charging what the traffic would bear ’ and subjective cost [evaluation] or extrapolation of past practice .

This included central and local insurance cover in a single package , as well as advice on risk assessment , loss control and claim management .
this included central and local insurance cover in a single package , as well as advice on risk [evaluation] , loss control and claim management .

Any honest assessment of his chances of pulling this off should start from the realisation that he has only a few rusty tools at his disposal .
any honest [evaluation] of his chances of pulling this off should start from the realisation that he has only a few rusty tools at his disposal .

For many years , until Mayer and Timms published The Client Speaks in 1970 , it was accepted practice that the effects of social work intervention were assessed by asking social workers to describe their practice and ( sometimes ) by objective assessment of clients .
for many years , until mayer and timms published the client speaks in 1970 , it was accepted practice that the effects of social work intervention were assessed by asking social workers to describe their practice and ( sometimes ) by objective [evaluation] of clients .

Fourth , the two researchers were white and so handicapped in their assessment of black families and children .
fourth , the two researchers were white and so handicapped in their [evaluation] of black families and children .

Wolfensberger in the United States has focused attention specifically on the implications for service delivery and has developed an assessment procedure aimed not at individuals , but at the quality of services .
wolfensberger in the united states has focused attention specifically on the implications for service delivery and has developed an [evaluation] procedure aimed not at individuals , but at the quality of services .

Of particular importance for the residential sector was the fact that 75 per cent of the children admitted compulsorily were placed first in some form of residential care , with half of them in observation and assessment centres or in reception homes ( p. 162 ) .
of particular importance for the residential sector was the fact that 75 per cent of the children admitted compulsorily were placed first in some form of residential care , with half of them in observation and [evaluation] centres or in reception homes ( p. 162 ) .

Moreover , the residential sector serves the important functions of observation , assessment and containment of some of the most troubled young people in care .
moreover , the residential sector serves the important functions of observation , [evaluation] and containment of some of the most troubled young people in care .

Although the New Statesman suggested that it was possible abuses of the law that required assessment , much of the pressure for change , as has been suggested , came from those who viewed with concern what appeared to be the increasing visibility of homosexuality .
although the new statesman suggested that it was possible abuses of the law that required [evaluation] , much of the pressure for change , as has been suggested , came from those who viewed with concern what appeared to be the increasing visibility of homosexuality .

So , even before the current review of tests by Sir Ron Dearing , a former head of the post office who now runs the government 's Schools Curriculum and Assessment Authority , Mr Patten began his U-turn .
so , even before the current review of tests by sir ron dearing , a former head of the post office who now runs the government 's schools curriculum and [evaluation] authority , mr patten began his u-turn .

As the tsars slowly transformed Ukraine from ally into colony , later generations of Ukrainians came to agree with their national poet 's assessment of him as ‘ the unwise son ’ .
as the tsars slowly transformed ukraine from ally into colony , later generations of ukrainians came to agree with their national poet 's [evaluation] of him as ‘ the unwise son ’ .

These included : developing a respite care service , improving mobility access in children 's residential units , providing disability awareness training , developing a coordinated assessment and review system for all children arid developing services for young adults .
these included : developing a respite care service , improving mobility access in children 's residential units , providing disability awareness training , developing a coordinated [evaluation] and review system for all children arid developing services for young adults .

She will not , indeed can not , make any form of assessment but will , in discussion with the parent , describe the activities the child enjoys and his responses to playgroup life in a relaxed , familiar and friendly atmosphere .
she will not , indeed can not , make any form of [evaluation] but will , in discussion with the parent , describe the activities the child enjoys and his responses to playgroup life in a relaxed , familiar and friendly atmosphere .

The educational psychologist may be invited to observe a child it playgroup should this be deemed useful hut will not , as a rule , carry out a formal assessment during playgroup time which would thus single the child out from his/her peers and probably deprive the other children of their leader 's care .
the educational psychologist may be invited to observe a child it playgroup should this be deemed useful hut will not , as a rule , carry out a formal [evaluation] during playgroup time which would thus single the child out from his/her peers and probably deprive the other children of their leader 's care .

Transitional needs can only be met by assessment which both avoids categorisation and looks at all the future needs of the individual .
transitional needs can only be met by [evaluation] which both avoids categorisation and looks at all the future needs of the individual .

Assessment should be concerned with potential and the future education , training and support an individual might need .
[evaluation] should be concerned with potential and the future education , training and support an individual might need .

New legislation lays particular stress on appropriate assessment .
new legislation lays particular stress on appropriate [evaluation] .

At present , we select students for the life preparation course , following a baseline assessment devised by myself and colleagues which is carried out during a links week when potential students attend college full time .
at present , we select students for the life preparation course , following a baseline [evaluation] devised by myself and colleagues which is carried out during a links week when potential students attend college full time .

In this chapter Chris Goodey reflects on the diagnosis , assessment and categorisation procedures employed by ‘ professionals ’ : doctors , psychologists , teachers and administrators .
in this chapter chris goodey reflects on the diagnosis , [evaluation] and categorisation procedures employed by ‘ professionals ’ : doctors , psychologists , teachers and administrators .

Expert classifications of disability and difficulty , and the apparatus of assessment that goes with them , appear to be scientifically objective .
expert classifications of disability and difficulty , and the apparatus of [evaluation] that goes with them , appear to be scientifically objective .

The school 's educational psychologist had made contact with the family when he had been involved in an assessment of Jeetinder , the second son , now in the fourth year at the school .
the school 's educational psychologist had made contact with the family when he had been involved in an [evaluation] of jeetinder , the second son , now in the fourth year at the school .

Therefore it is proposed to carry out an assessment of your child 's needs under the Education Act 1981 with your agreement .
therefore it is proposed to carry out an [evaluation] of your child 's needs under the education act 1981 with your agreement .

’ An enclosed booklet gave further general information about the provision of special education with an addendum summarising the legal rights of parents in relation to the assessment process .
’ an enclosed booklet gave further general information about the provision of special education with an addendum summarising the legal rights of parents in relation to the [evaluation] process .

Conflicting perspectives on assessment
conflicting perspectives on [evaluation]

This chapter looks at the perceptions of parents of their role in the assessment of their child 's special educational needs as part of the Statementing process carried out under the 1981 Education Act .
this chapter looks at the perceptions of parents of their role in the [evaluation] of their child 's special educational needs as part of the statementing process carried out under the 1981 education act .

In practice , however , the bureaucratisation of the professional — parent relationship and the assessment process may lead to a situation in which the primary function of parental involvement is to legitimise professional decisions .
in practice , however , the bureaucratisation of the professional — parent relationship and the [evaluation] process may lead to a situation in which the primary function of parental involvement is to legitimise professional decisions .

Many parents felt that their own contribution to the assessment was only taken seriously when it supported what the professionals were saying .
many parents felt that their own contribution to the [evaluation] was only taken seriously when it supported what the professionals were saying .

Because they are viewed in this light parents may respond with diffidence to those carrying out the assessment of their child and simply reflect back and reinforce professional perceptions .
because they are viewed in this light parents may respond with diffidence to those carrying out the [evaluation] of their child and simply reflect back and reinforce professional perceptions .

In John 's case the stated reason for referral for formal assessment was his behaviour in school .
in john 's case the stated reason for referral for formal [evaluation] was his behaviour in school .

John 's case also suggests how the perceptions of those professionals involved at an early stage of an assessment and the actions that follow may influence , direct or constrain the later perceptions and actions of other professionals .
john 's case also suggests how the perceptions of those professionals involved at an early stage of an [evaluation] and the actions that follow may influence , direct or constrain the later perceptions and actions of other professionals .

At the outset the willingness of George 's parents to cooperate with the school staff in discussing the home situation and how this might affect George 's behaviour in school was used by the teaching staff as evidence in support of their case that George 's needs could not be met within a mainstream school . As the assessment progressed those two factors were at the forefront of the school 's case to the educational psychologist :
at the outset the willingness of george 's parents to cooperate with the school staff in discussing the home situation and how this might affect george 's behaviour in school was used by the teaching staff as evidence in support of their case that george 's needs could not be met within a mainstream school . as the [evaluation] progressed those two factors were at the forefront of the school 's case to the educational psychologist :

‘ We did n't bet much to do with John 's assessment .
‘ we did n't bet much to do with john 's [evaluation] .

Our third example focuses upon conflicting perceptions of the purpose of assessment under the 1981 Act and the relationship between information and control .
our third example focuses upon conflicting perceptions of the purpose of [evaluation] under the 1981 act and the relationship between information and control .

Tom had recently been referred by his mainstream school to the psychological Service for assessment under the 1981 Act because teachers felt they should receive additional support for Tom 's periods in mainstream school .
tom had recently been referred by his mainstream school to the psychological service for [evaluation] under the 1981 act because teachers felt they should receive additional support for tom 's periods in mainstream school .

Tom 's mother was highly critical of the way the mainstream school was handling him but agreed to the assessment because she felt it might help him .
tom 's mother was highly critical of the way the mainstream school was handling him but agreed to the [evaluation] because she felt it might help him .

Once the assessment had begun Mrs Jones soon became disillusioned .
once the [evaluation] had begun mrs jones soon became disillusioned .

Perhaps this reflected a lack of clarity about the purpose of the assessment and the conflicting expectations participants held of its outcome .
perhaps this reflected a lack of clarity about the purpose of the [evaluation] and the conflicting expectations participants held of its outcome .

Mrs Jones felt that the slow progress of the assessment and the limited information she received created new problems instead of resolving existing ones : ‘ It introduces so much trauma — you 're getting all the criticism all the time but you 're not getting any information because it takes so long . ’
mrs jones felt that the slow progress of the [evaluation] and the limited information she received created new problems instead of resolving existing ones : ‘ it introduces so much trauma — you 're getting all the criticism all the time but you 're not getting any information because it takes so long . ’

It identifies the range of information that must be made available to parents and the right of parents to contribute their own advice and evidence to the assessment .
it identifies the range of information that must be made available to parents and the right of parents to contribute their own advice and evidence to the [evaluation] .

Yet we can find evidence of LEAs taking their responsibilities under the Act for involving parents very seriously , presenting information and reports in ways designed to make the assessment meaningful and accessible to parents .
yet we can find evidence of leas taking their responsibilities under the act for involving parents very seriously , presenting information and reports in ways designed to make the [evaluation] meaningful and accessible to parents .

Moreover , in practice , they may lack the power to negotiate on equal terms with professionals about the interrelationship between the needs of different participants in the assessment .
moreover , in practice , they may lack the power to negotiate on equal terms with professionals about the interrelationship between the needs of different participants in the [evaluation] .

In both cases the parents ' resignation to the inevitability of the assessment outcome arose from their having no opportunity to determine or seriously influence the objectives of the assessment nor to contribute to the conceptual framework within which their children 's needs were being assessed .
in both cases the parents ' resignation to the inevitability of the [evaluation] outcome arose from their having no opportunity to determine or seriously influence the objectives of the [evaluation] nor to contribute to the conceptual framework within which their children 's needs were being assessed .

Whereas at first she had welcomed the assessment she later came to the view that she was being given no say in the objectives of the assessment .
whereas at first she had welcomed the [evaluation] she later came to the view that she was being given no say in the objectives of the [evaluation] .

Her direct challenge to the authority of the professionals forced them to acknowledge an alternative conceptualisation of Tom 's needs which carried with it quite different implications for the outcome of the formal assessment of those needs .
her direct challenge to the authority of the professionals forced them to acknowledge an alternative conceptualisation of tom 's needs which carried with it quite different implications for the outcome of the formal [evaluation] of those needs .

In addition her action outside the assessment procedures also gave Mrs Jones the power to negotiate with other participants .
in addition her action outside the [evaluation] procedures also gave mrs jones the power to negotiate with other participants .

Thus Mrs Jones 's power inside the assessment process was increased by her having identified and pursued sources of strength outside that process .
thus mrs jones 's power inside the [evaluation] process was increased by her having identified and pursued sources of strength outside that process .

Any child who shows the right potential will be invited to return to the centres in the autumn for assessment by some of Britain 's leading coaches , including .
any child who shows the right potential will be invited to return to the centres in the autumn for [evaluation] by some of britain 's leading coaches , including .

From that assessment , a group to be known as the Trailblazers will be formed and will come under the guidance of the Cliff Richard Development Trust , which is already supporting some 11 youngsters who previously progressed from the former Search for a start scheme .
from that [evaluation] , a group to be known as the trailblazers will be formed and will come under the guidance of the cliff richard development trust , which is already supporting some 11 youngsters who previously progressed from the former search for a start scheme .

Jo Durie , Britain 's No. 1 ranked player , delivered an honest assessment of the needs of aspiring young tennis champions when she called for the pressure to be taken off youngsters , particularly those between the crucial ages of 10–14 .
jo durie , britain 's no. 1 ranked player , delivered an honest [evaluation] of the needs of aspiring young tennis champions when she called for the pressure to be taken off youngsters , particularly those between the crucial ages of 10–14 .

Not as well as the General , but well enough to agree with the General 's assessment .
not as well as the general , but well enough to agree with the general 's [evaluation] .

Would greatly appreciate up-to-date assessment of existing problems and measures being taken .
would greatly appreciate up-to-date [evaluation] of existing problems and measures being taken .

Revised forms of assessment ?
revised forms of [evaluation] ?

New skills and awarenesses — of assessment , management , counselling , computing , pedagogy and the rest — are being defined and promulgated at high speed .
new skills and awarenesses — of [evaluation] , management , counselling , computing , pedagogy and the rest — are being defined and promulgated at high speed .

Opportunities to take seriously such issues as girls and science or the merits of negotiated assessment , or to acquire skills in the areas of active tutorial work or special educational needs are few and far between , and often have to be carved out of evenings and weekends .
opportunities to take seriously such issues as girls and science or the merits of negotiated [evaluation] , or to acquire skills in the areas of active tutorial work or special educational needs are few and far between , and often have to be carved out of evenings and weekends .

His optimism grew as he made his own assessment of the other candidates .
his optimism grew as he made his own [evaluation] of the other candidates .

Hubert was nearly right in his assessment of the situation .
hubert was nearly right in his [evaluation] of the situation .

Presentation will be in objective format with performance criteria and evidence required for assessment clearly stated .
presentation will be in objective format with performance criteria and evidence required for [evaluation] clearly stated .

It may seem to modern eyes a very lop-sided assessment of his position that the primacy , together with the lands and other rights of Canterbury , should occupy so prominent place in his thoughts .
it may seem to modern eyes a very lop-sided [evaluation] of his position that the primacy , together with the lands and other rights of canterbury , should occupy so prominent place in his thoughts .

So the simple question whether the primatial claim depended in any degree on forgery , is important for our assessment of Lanfranc , but crucial for our assessment of Anselm .
so the simple question whether the primatial claim depended in any degree on forgery , is important for our [evaluation] of lanfranc , but crucial for our [evaluation] of anselm .

As regards methods of analysis , it seemed most appropriate to examine the output of selected key bodies , in order to make an assessment of the images of the elderly emerging from each and of similarities and differences among them .
as regards methods of analysis , it seemed most appropriate to examine the output of selected key bodies , in order to make an [evaluation] of the images of the elderly emerging from each and of similarities and differences among them .

Accurate medical and social assessment , followed by treatment , could enable such patients to return to the community .
accurate medical and social [evaluation] , followed by treatment , could enable such patients to return to the community .

This was followed by a series of studies of the relationship between living environments , the elderly , and ill health ( Exton-Smith 1955 ) , and of methods of minimizing length of stay in hospital by the establishment of out-patient assessment and follow-up clinics ( Adams et al 1957 ) , day hospitals ( Cosin 1954 ) , and preventive health care ( Anderson and Cowan 1955 ) .
this was followed by a series of studies of the relationship between living environments , the elderly , and ill health ( exton-smith 1955 ) , and of methods of minimizing length of stay in hospital by the establishment of out-patient [evaluation] and follow-up clinics ( adams et al 1957 ) , day hospitals ( cosin 1954 ) , and preventive health care ( anderson and cowan 1955 ) .

His own assessment was written up by Boll .
his own [evaluation] was written up by boll .

automatic assessment and scoring
automatic [evaluation] and scoring

In Denmark , although there is assessment and provision of interpreters there is no training course but a series of starter courses to support the skills that the interpreters ( usually people with deaf parents ) already have ( Hansen , 1980 ) .
in denmark , although there is [evaluation] and provision of interpreters there is no training course but a series of starter courses to support the skills that the interpreters ( usually people with deaf parents ) already have ( hansen , 1980 ) .

This same attitude is shown in existing interpreter assessment procedures ; for example , that used by the American Registry of interpreters for the Deaf , where sign language is split into articulatory features such as clear fingerspelling , lip movement and appropriate facial expression , for scoring .
this same attitude is shown in existing interpreter [evaluation] procedures ; for example , that used by the american registry of interpreters for the deaf , where sign language is split into articulatory features such as clear fingerspelling , lip movement and appropriate facial expression , for scoring .

Llewellyn-Jones ( 1981a ) describes the assessment of interpreter effectiveness and indicates a much lower performance by interpreters than one would hope for .
llewellyn-jones ( 1981a ) describes the [evaluation] of interpreter effectiveness and indicates a much lower performance by interpreters than one would hope for .

Unfortunately this constitutes only the assessment of a candidate 's suitability for entry to an interpreters ' qualifying course .
unfortunately this constitutes only the [evaluation] of a candidate 's suitability for entry to an interpreters ' qualifying course .

The Assessment of Performance Unit , a tool of the Government Inspectorate , has concentrated upon the development of tests for national monitoring in English language , mathematics and science .
the [evaluation] of performance unit , a tool of the government inspectorate , has concentrated upon the development of tests for national monitoring in english language , mathematics and science .

The need for formal assessment has already been conceded by teachers .
the need for formal [evaluation] has already been conceded by teachers .

The formal assessment , which involves reports on each child from teachers , psychologists , doctors and perhaps social workers , and requires a degree of parental co-operation , is time-consuming , but undoubtedly necessary .
the formal [evaluation] , which involves reports on each child from teachers , psychologists , doctors and perhaps social workers , and requires a degree of parental co-operation , is time-consuming , but undoubtedly necessary .

The assessment , against which the parent can appeal , seeks to identify a child 's specific needs and is then used as the basis for eventual school placement .
the [evaluation] , against which the parent can appeal , seeks to identify a child 's specific needs and is then used as the basis for eventual school placement .

The recommendation following upon an assessment might result in a child with a hearing disability being placed in a local primary school rather than in a special unit for children who are deaf or partially hearing .
the recommendation following upon an [evaluation] might result in a child with a hearing disability being placed in a local primary school rather than in a special unit for children who are deaf or partially hearing .

This ongoing assessment side-steps dependence upon the concept of ‘ average ’ .
this ongoing [evaluation] side-steps dependence upon the concept of ‘ average ’ .

When a system of individual assessment is implemented , teachers seek regularly and conscientiously to perceive a child 's success ( be this in reading , in mathematics , or in the slow mastery of a concept in history or science ) against the understanding that child showed yesterday , last week or last year .
when a system of individual [evaluation] is implemented , teachers seek regularly and conscientiously to perceive a child 's success ( be this in reading , in mathematics , or in the slow mastery of a concept in history or science ) against the understanding that child showed yesterday , last week or last year .

They have no means of assessing the reliability of automatic control systems but they can make some assessment of a skilled individual and without knowing very much about his working procedures they will trust his actions if he seems calm , competent and mature .
they have no means of assessing the reliability of automatic control systems but they can make some [evaluation] of a skilled individual and without knowing very much about his working procedures they will trust his actions if he seems calm , competent and mature .

Simulators were originally considered to be training devices but their use is now extending into other fields such as personnel assessment and as aids to the design of the information interfaces .
simulators were originally considered to be training devices but their use is now extending into other fields such as personnel [evaluation] and as aids to the design of the information interfaces .

The designer is not the person to evaluate the clarity and usability of instructions , a sample of actual users will provide a much better assessment .
the designer is not the person to evaluate the clarity and usability of instructions , a sample of actual users will provide a much better [evaluation] .

There can of course still be disagreements even when there is clear mutual understanding because underlying values result in the assessment of very different priorities .
there can of course still be disagreements even when there is clear mutual understanding because underlying values result in the [evaluation] of very different priorities .

Core employees are given written annual assessments which can be discussed with the immediate senior who is probably the writer of the assessment .
core employees are given written annual assessments which can be discussed with the immediate senior who is probably the writer of the [evaluation] .

The essential vulnerability reinforces the requirement that the starting point of design should be a clarification of objectives followed by a consideration of the criteria of assessment that the objectives have been achieved .
the essential vulnerability reinforces the requirement that the starting point of design should be a clarification of objectives followed by a consideration of the criteria of [evaluation] that the objectives have been achieved .

For his article , ‘ An assessment of black is best ’ , Kane assembled copious data and marshalled the support of medical scientists , coaches and sportsmen ( 1971 ) .
for his article , ‘ an [evaluation] of black is best ’ , kane assembled copious data and marshalled the support of medical scientists , coaches and sportsmen ( 1971 ) .

the pupils ' performance in relation to attainment targets should be assessed and reported on at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 . Attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile components to make assessment and reporting manageable ;
the pupils ' performance in relation to attainment targets should be assessed and reported on at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 . attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile components to make [evaluation] and reporting manageable ;

assessment should be by a combination of national externally set Standard Assessment Tasks ( SATs ) and assessment by teachers .
[evaluation] should be by a combination of national externally set standard [evaluation] tasks ( sats ) and [evaluation] by teachers .

the results of assessment should be used both formatively to help better teaching and to inform decisions about next steps for a pupil , and summatively at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 to inform parents in simple and clear terms about their child 's progress .
the results of [evaluation] should be used both formatively to help better teaching and to inform decisions about next steps for a pupil , and summatively at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 to inform parents in simple and clear terms about their child 's progress .

This could have a very restricting effect on teaching and assessment .
this could have a very restricting effect on teaching and [evaluation] .

If we had proposed a separate profile component for knowledge about language , it might have been seen as having a weight ( in terms of content , teaching time and assessment ) which was disproportionate in relation to the English curriculum as a whole .
if we had proposed a separate profile component for knowledge about language , it might have been seen as having a weight ( in terms of content , teaching time and [evaluation] ) which was disproportionate in relation to the english curriculum as a whole .

This reassurance is welcome , but it has to be said that the change gives less prominence to this requirement , and we shall need to watch with care that it is properly covered in the assessment arrangements .
this reassurance is welcome , but it has to be said that the change gives less prominence to this requirement , and we shall need to watch with care that it is properly covered in the [evaluation] arrangements .

George Steiner 's pessimistic assessment in Language and Silence ( 1967 ) has been quoted on numerous occasions .
george steiner 's pessimistic [evaluation] in language and silence ( 1967 ) has been quoted on numerous occasions .

We were also aware of the problem that assessment in English , particularly that at age 7 , could result in bilingual children reaching only a comparatively low level of achievement .
we were also aware of the problem that [evaluation] in english , particularly that at age 7 , could result in bilingual children reaching only a comparatively low level of achievement .

It may be suggested that we were inconsistent , or even guilty of unreasonable discrimination , in that we insisted on assessment in English in England for pupils whose mother tongue is not English , whereas in Wales we recommended that pupils being taught through the medium of Welsh be exempted from the key stage 1 attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment .
it may be suggested that we were inconsistent , or even guilty of unreasonable discrimination , in that we insisted on [evaluation] in english in england for pupils whose mother tongue is not english , whereas in wales we recommended that pupils being taught through the medium of welsh be exempted from the key stage 1 attainment targets , programmes of study and [evaluation] .

In particular , the National Curriculum assessment methods must enable all pupils to demonstrate what they can do , without the assessment of their performance being unfairly affected by the context of the task or the preconceptions of the assessor .
in particular , the national curriculum [evaluation] methods must enable all pupils to demonstrate what they can do , without the [evaluation] of their performance being unfairly affected by the context of the task or the preconceptions of the assessor .

The possibility of bias arises especially in the assessment of oracy , because of the difficulty of separating pupils ’ spoken language from perceptions of their personality and background .
the possibility of bias arises especially in the [evaluation] of oracy , because of the difficulty of separating pupils ’ spoken language from perceptions of their personality and background .

There are also considerable differences between the sexes in typical speech styles , which carry implications for assessment . For example , boys are more likely than girls from the same social background to :
there are also considerable differences between the sexes in typical speech styles , which carry implications for [evaluation] . for example , boys are more likely than girls from the same social background to :

Pupils with special educational needs should therefore be able to participate in the attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements , subject where appropriate to the modifications we recommend below .
pupils with special educational needs should therefore be able to participate in the attainment targets , programmes of study and [evaluation] arrangements , subject where appropriate to the modifications we recommend below .

The Working Group 's suggestions will also be relevant to some of the pupils with special educational needs but without statements , whose particular requirements could be met by statutory modifications ( which the 1988 Act allows in respect of children falling within certain cases and circumstances ) to or within Orders for attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements for English .
the working group 's suggestions will also be relevant to some of the pupils with special educational needs but without statements , whose particular requirements could be met by statutory modifications ( which the 1988 act allows in respect of children falling within certain cases and circumstances ) to or within orders for attainment targets , programmes of study and [evaluation] arrangements for english .

Where such pupils also have speech impairments , there may be a case for exempting them altogether from — or modifying — some of the assessment arrangements , even if they continue to pursue the attainment targets and programmes of study .
where such pupils also have speech impairments , there may be a case for exempting them altogether from — or modifying — some of the [evaluation] arrangements , even if they continue to pursue the attainment targets and programmes of study .

The achievements of pupils with a hearing impairment will undoubtedly be affected by these factors , and this will need to be taken into account , for example , in the assessment of the first attainment target in writing .
the achievements of pupils with a hearing impairment will undoubtedly be affected by these factors , and this will need to be taken into account , for example , in the [evaluation] of the first attainment target in writing .

But it would be too much to expect foolproof results from either method : personal assessment based on experience ; or the more objective actuarial credit-scoring system .
but it would be too much to expect foolproof results from either method : personal [evaluation] based on experience ; or the more objective actuarial credit-scoring system .

But for finance houses , as for other main lenders , home interviews as a matter of regular routine would be prohibitively expensive ( though some , as a check on the performance of their normal more remote assessment process , do carry out a sample of home interviews — say , one in twenty ) .
but for finance houses , as for other main lenders , home interviews as a matter of regular routine would be prohibitively expensive ( though some , as a check on the performance of their normal more remote [evaluation] process , do carry out a sample of home interviews — say , one in twenty ) .

With larger lenders , the assessment of credit-worthiness is becoming increasingly objective .
with larger lenders , the [evaluation] of credit-worthiness is becoming increasingly objective .

Its critics claim that any assessment based on arbitrary demographic characteristics rules out a substantial number of people who would have been accepted on the basis of their individual performance , and is therefore unfair to them .
its critics claim that any [evaluation] based on arbitrary demographic characteristics rules out a substantial number of people who would have been accepted on the basis of their individual performance , and is therefore unfair to them .

In the grey area between the two ‘ pass ’ and ‘ fail ’ limits , the decision might depend on personal assessment .
in the grey area between the two ‘ pass ’ and ‘ fail ’ limits , the decision might depend on personal [evaluation] .

But there has been no suggestion that from this point of view credit scoring is less satisfactory than individual assessment .
but there has been no suggestion that from this point of view credit scoring is less satisfactory than individual [evaluation] .

In its negative assessment of human effort it is akin to the ‘ Christ against culture ’ position , yet differs in response to that situation .
in its negative [evaluation] of human effort it is akin to the ‘ christ against culture ’ position , yet differs in response to that situation .

But the committed membership are not those best able to give an accurate assessment .
but the committed membership are not those best able to give an accurate [evaluation] .

Continuous assessment
continuous [evaluation]

In any assessment of evangelistic effectiveness the church growth movement stresses the need to focus attention not so much on decisions registered but on disciples made .
in any [evaluation] of evangelistic effectiveness the church growth movement stresses the need to focus attention not so much on decisions registered but on disciples made .

Social tension , as we shall see , is an assessment of social relations that springs readily to the lips of anthropologists but is rarely examined with much psychological sophistication , or even an awareness that it is a psychological phenomenon as well as a social one .
social tension , as we shall see , is an [evaluation] of social relations that springs readily to the lips of anthropologists but is rarely examined with much psychological sophistication , or even an awareness that it is a psychological phenomenon as well as a social one .

Our awareness of these other dimensions helps us to correct the conservative , status quo -maintaining bias which functionalism so readily fosters and which , if unchecked , can seriously distort our assessment and understanding of the dynamic forces animating particular societies .
our awareness of these other dimensions helps us to correct the conservative , status quo -maintaining bias which functionalism so readily fosters and which , if unchecked , can seriously distort our [evaluation] and understanding of the dynamic forces animating particular societies .

As to which is the more stringent obligation in a situation in which more than one applies , that is for intuitive assessment in the light of all that can be known about the particular circumstances of the case .
as to which is the more stringent obligation in a situation in which more than one applies , that is for intuitive [evaluation] in the light of all that can be known about the particular circumstances of the case .

For elderly people assessment facilities were to be provided in each locality , with long-term care to be given in the private sector .
for elderly people [evaluation] facilities were to be provided in each locality , with long-term care to be given in the private sector .

The criteria for assessment of these proposals would be quality of coaching , facility provision , managerial quality , pastoral care , educational provision etc .
the criteria for [evaluation] of these proposals would be quality of coaching , facility provision , managerial quality , pastoral care , educational provision etc .

The criteria for assessment of a return i.e. the balance sheet , could only be results .
the criteria for [evaluation] of a return i.e. the balance sheet , could only be results .

’ Such an assessment of Washington 's ability to play well on different surfaces was borne out by his performances last year which saw him reach four semi-finals on four different surfaces .
’ such an [evaluation] of washington 's ability to play well on different surfaces was borne out by his performances last year which saw him reach four semi-finals on four different surfaces .

As Investigation Scientists you will be responsible for carrying out a wide variety of environmental monitoring and impact assessment investigations in rivers , estuaries and coastal waters and play an important role in installing and maintaining automatic quality monitoring stations .
as investigation scientists you will be responsible for carrying out a wide variety of environmental monitoring and impact [evaluation] investigations in rivers , estuaries and coastal waters and play an important role in installing and maintaining automatic quality monitoring stations .

• Developing methods for risk assessment of chemicals which cause toxicity during development .
• developing methods for risk [evaluation] of chemicals which cause toxicity during development .

Your starting point will be a comprehensive assessment of the area 's technical training needs .
your starting point will be a comprehensive [evaluation] of the area 's technical training needs .

‘ Extensive running tests will then enable a proper assessment of the primary and secondary air balances to be made . ’
‘ extensive running tests will then enable a proper [evaluation] of the primary and secondary air balances to be made . ’

These include new approaches to records of achievement , particularly ‘ profiling ’ and a greater emphasis on criterion-referenced assessment .
these include new approaches to records of achievement , particularly ‘ profiling ’ and a greater emphasis on criterion-referenced [evaluation] .

In the procedures required to fulfil the special educational needs of visually handicapped pupils , as with any pupils with special needs , the local education authority must make a formal assessment culminating in a statement of the child 's individual special needs .
in the procedures required to fulfil the special educational needs of visually handicapped pupils , as with any pupils with special needs , the local education authority must make a formal [evaluation] culminating in a statement of the child 's individual special needs .

The total and individual needs of each child are considered more fully , and the assessment procedure which precedes recommendations for educational placement calls for information from medical , psychological and educational sources as well as involving parents actively in the final decision about where and how the pupil is to be educated .
the total and individual needs of each child are considered more fully , and the [evaluation] procedure which precedes recommendations for educational placement calls for information from medical , psychological and educational sources as well as involving parents actively in the final decision about where and how the pupil is to be educated .

As part of the assessment , factors relating to the child 's previous history , the medical diagnosis and prognosis and the home and school environment are considered .
as part of the [evaluation] , factors relating to the child 's previous history , the medical diagnosis and prognosis and the home and school environment are considered .

This should be constructive and include an assessment of the child 's functional levels of vision , details of preferred lighting , and recommendations regarding the presentation of materials for learning .
this should be constructive and include an [evaluation] of the child 's functional levels of vision , details of preferred lighting , and recommendations regarding the presentation of materials for learning .

Benton ( 1984 ) lists the specific areas which should be provided by advisory services for visually handicapped pupils ; these include the assessment of the pupils and the evaluation of their needs , direct support for the pupils , consultancy support for their teachers , and advice and counselling for their parents .
benton ( 1984 ) lists the specific areas which should be provided by advisory services for visually handicapped pupils ; these include the [evaluation] of the pupils and the evaluation of their needs , direct support for the pupils , consultancy support for their teachers , and advice and counselling for their parents .

The procedures for assessment and the evaluation of educational needs have become more formalised since the 1981 Education Act so that now a report from a qualified teacher of visually handicapped children is a requirement of the assessment procedure for a child whose learning or development is affected by defective sight .
the procedures for [evaluation] and the evaluation of educational needs have become more formalised since the 1981 education act so that now a report from a qualified teacher of visually handicapped children is a requirement of the [evaluation] procedure for a child whose learning or development is affected by defective sight .

Basic testing will include an assessment of distance vision .
basic testing will include an [evaluation] of distance vision .

Assessment of the functioning vision is important .
[evaluation] of the functioning vision is important .

Before low vision aids are prescribed , an assessment should be made both of the child 's vision and of the varied classroom , home and leisure situation in which the aid will be used .
before low vision aids are prescribed , an [evaluation] should be made both of the child 's vision and of the varied classroom , home and leisure situation in which the aid will be used .

An assessment of how the child is able to use his sight in day-to-day situations of work and play can be helpful in indicating the kind of activities involving vision that will be possible , and the kinds of learning and play materials that will be particularly appropriate for each child .
an [evaluation] of how the child is able to use his sight in day-to-day situations of work and play can be helpful in indicating the kind of activities involving vision that will be possible , and the kinds of learning and play materials that will be particularly appropriate for each child .

An honest assessment of attainment , progress and potential is fundamental to the ethics of the scheme but it is not always what parents want to hear .
an honest [evaluation] of attainment , progress and potential is fundamental to the ethics of the scheme but it is not always what parents want to hear .

Effective treatment obviously depends on isolating the cause , and if necessary your vet may recommend that in a particular instance a dog may benefit from assessment by an animal psychologist , specializing in behavioural problems .
effective treatment obviously depends on isolating the cause , and if necessary your vet may recommend that in a particular instance a dog may benefit from [evaluation] by an animal psychologist , specializing in behavioural problems .

Hermit crabs are able to make a rapid assessment of whether a particular shell is of an appropriate size or not , and how they do this has been the subject of much study .
hermit crabs are able to make a rapid [evaluation] of whether a particular shell is of an appropriate size or not , and how they do this has been the subject of much study .

The responsibility for the assessment and organization of care would , it was proposed , be with local authorities , as for other care groups , but health authorities would have an influence over social care spending plans .
the responsibility for the [evaluation] and organization of care would , it was proposed , be with local authorities , as for other care groups , but health authorities would have an influence over social care spending plans .

There are , however , some patients who , though not in an acutely disturbed state , will need extra security for a period because they have been a risk to the public at some time in the recent past or are considered to require special containment while assessment continues in conditions of moderate security .
there are , however , some patients who , though not in an acutely disturbed state , will need extra security for a period because they have been a risk to the public at some time in the recent past or are considered to require special containment while [evaluation] continues in conditions of moderate security .

The RSUs provide some former Special Hospital patients with further assessment and rehabilitation to enable eventual resettlement in the community , but at present there are insufficient places to take the large numbers who could benefit .
the rsus provide some former special hospital patients with further [evaluation] and rehabilitation to enable eventual resettlement in the community , but at present there are insufficient places to take the large numbers who could benefit .

Planning and programming are , therefore , closely interrelated with the assessment of the work content .
planning and programming are , therefore , closely interrelated with the [evaluation] of the work content .

( d ) Personal assessment by management based on knowledge and experience .
( d ) personal [evaluation] by management based on knowledge and experience .

Skilful assessment of the future potential of parcels of land likely to be released , under pressure , for development is common practice for many builders and speculators .
skilful [evaluation] of the future potential of parcels of land likely to be released , under pressure , for development is common practice for many builders and speculators .

In deciding which tenders to accept the local authority will be influenced by the design , layout and general presentation of the scheme ; the assessment as to genuine architectural merit may be subjective .
in deciding which tenders to accept the local authority will be influenced by the design , layout and general presentation of the scheme ; the [evaluation] as to genuine architectural merit may be subjective .

( b ) An accurate assessment of project results to provide a backup and feedback to the estimating department for more precise tendering for future work .
( b ) an accurate [evaluation] of project results to provide a backup and feedback to the estimating department for more precise tendering for future work .

The events in Alma-Ata , in the General Secretary 's view , required a ‘ serious analysis and a principled assessment ’ .
the events in alma-ata , in the general secretary 's view , required a ‘ serious analysis and a principled [evaluation] ’ .

Gorbachev invited the major capitalist countries to undertake a ‘ sober , constructive assessment ’ of problems of this kind , based if nothing else on their common need for self-preservation .
gorbachev invited the major capitalist countries to undertake a ‘ sober , constructive [evaluation] ’ of problems of this kind , based if nothing else on their common need for self-preservation .

Andreeva called for an assessment of all party and state leaders , including Stalin , from a class and political standpoint , not on the basis of abstract moralising by people who were far removed from the period concerned .
andreeva called for an [evaluation] of all party and state leaders , including stalin , from a class and political standpoint , not on the basis of abstract moralising by people who were far removed from the period concerned .

The dog , after lapping a little water , went and sat down heavily beside him , eyes turned up at the portrait of itself thoughtfully , perhaps making a critical assessment of it .
the dog , after lapping a little water , went and sat down heavily beside him , eyes turned up at the portrait of itself thoughtfully , perhaps making a critical [evaluation] of it .

Soon after your arrival you 're interviewed and put on what 's called ‘ house assessment ’ — house cleaning for the first five weeks — whilst the screws work out what would be the best work for you .
soon after your arrival you 're interviewed and put on what 's called ‘ house [evaluation] ’ — house cleaning for the first five weeks — whilst the screws work out what would be the best work for you .

This does not mean that you should stay in a firm that stoops to fraud or illegality ; but idealistic notions have to face an economic assessment .
this does not mean that you should stay in a firm that stoops to fraud or illegality ; but idealistic notions have to face an economic [evaluation] .

In this instance , the use of the non-past suggests that the statement made about the role of the heads of the ministries prior to 1889 is based on the author 's personal assessment of the situation , as opposed to the statement concerning their role from 1889 onwards , which , presumably , is supported by hard facts .
in this instance , the use of the non-past suggests that the statement made about the role of the heads of the ministries prior to 1889 is based on the author 's personal [evaluation] of the situation , as opposed to the statement concerning their role from 1889 onwards , which , presumably , is supported by hard facts .

Data are often dirty , containing errors and gaps , and sociolinguistic data have similar characteristics ( see McEntegart and Le Page 1982 for an assessment of the difficulties of applying standard statistical techniques in sociolinguistics ) .
data are often dirty , containing errors and gaps , and sociolinguistic data have similar characteristics ( see mcentegart and le page 1982 for an [evaluation] of the difficulties of applying standard statistical techniques in sociolinguistics ) .

Another variable to be considered , as already pointed out , would be social characteristics , and Settle ( 1980 ) has used both multiple regression analysis and the so-called ‘ linear logistic model ’ to produce a close fit between sex , car licences and age , and the number of anglers . This is not the only model to produce a close fit and in conclusion it seems that Lavery 's ( 1975 , 198 ) assessment of the use of models in forecasting recreation demand is still very relevant for the mid to late 1980s :
another variable to be considered , as already pointed out , would be social characteristics , and settle ( 1980 ) has used both multiple regression analysis and the so-called ‘ linear logistic model ’ to produce a close fit between sex , car licences and age , and the number of anglers . this is not the only model to produce a close fit and in conclusion it seems that lavery 's ( 1975 , 198 ) [evaluation] of the use of models in forecasting recreation demand is still very relevant for the mid to late 1980s :

An initial objective inventory of landform and land use , and then a qualitative assessment of the value of each type of landscape so identified .
an initial objective inventory of landform and land use , and then a qualitative [evaluation] of the value of each type of landscape so identified .

Two problems arise with assessment .
two problems arise with [evaluation] .

The first is how to represent the landscape , since assessment in the field is too laborious and costly .
the first is how to represent the landscape , since [evaluation] in the field is too laborious and costly .

The term ‘ carrier ’ seems to have been coined in Anglo-American legal discourse largely to aid in the assessment of liability for damage to cargo .
the term ‘ carrier ’ seems to have been coined in anglo-american legal discourse largely to aid in the [evaluation] of liability for damage to cargo .

Before joining battle on the value judgements in the theses of Fairlie and Butt , both of which agree basically with the assessment given here of the powers and role of the House of Commons today , it is worth establishing the facts , both historical and contemporary .
before joining battle on the value judgements in the theses of fairlie and butt , both of which agree basically with the [evaluation] given here of the powers and role of the house of commons today , it is worth establishing the facts , both historical and contemporary .

In July 1969 , the select committee reported in favour of the publication both of the five-year rolling programme in the form of an annual White Paper with a full explanation of what changes had been made that year , and of the Medium Term Economic Assessment .
in july 1969 , the select committee reported in favour of the publication both of the five-year rolling programme in the form of an annual white paper with a full explanation of what changes had been made that year , and of the medium term economic [evaluation] .

It is interesting that the Treasury was only willing to publish the White Paper in the autumn of each year after rather than before the hard decisions fur the third year had been taken , and made no commitment to publish the Medium Term Economic Assessment , actually refusing to do so in 1971 .
it is interesting that the treasury was only willing to publish the white paper in the autumn of each year after rather than before the hard decisions fur the third year had been taken , and made no commitment to publish the medium term economic [evaluation] , actually refusing to do so in 1971 .

It is true that over a decade when the senior civil service was moving from being primarily regulatory in outlook to being primarily managerial , there was a lack of research , of assessment of situations before action could be properly planned .
it is true that over a decade when the senior civil service was moving from being primarily regulatory in outlook to being primarily managerial , there was a lack of research , of [evaluation] of situations before action could be properly planned .

An assessment of the prospects of equality/equity
an [evaluation] of the prospects of equality/equity

It is the creative function of judges ( see further , below , chapter 8 ) that makes their job important and makes worthwhile some assessment of the way they behave , especially in political cases .
it is the creative function of judges ( see further , below , chapter 8 ) that makes their job important and makes worthwhile some [evaluation] of the way they behave , especially in political cases .

The Lord Chancellor began with the complacent and highly debatable observation that ‘ we are likely … to get a better assessment of the qualities of some eminent judge of the past through an existing member of the judiciary than from anyone else ’ .
the lord chancellor began with the complacent and highly debatable observation that ‘ we are likely … to get a better [evaluation] of the qualities of some eminent judge of the past through an existing member of the judiciary than from anyone else ’ .

The Court of Appeal held that this decision should be quashed because the Minister had not adequately explained his reasons , particularly in failing to give his assessment of the merits of the existing building .
the court of appeal held that this decision should be quashed because the minister had not adequately explained his reasons , particularly in failing to give his [evaluation] of the merits of the existing building .

People and Services : Central Assessment of Local Needs
people and services : central [evaluation] of local needs

The National Health Service relies almost entirely upon Central Government assessment of its budgetary needs .
the national health service relies almost entirely upon central government [evaluation] of its budgetary needs .

The key principle underlying the assessment of Grant Related Expenditure is to combine estimates of the basic unit cost of providing a service , as judged by Central Government , with estimates of the basic need for the service , which might be the population requiring the service or the physical requirements , such as road mileages or numbers of dwellings .
the key principle underlying the [evaluation] of grant related expenditure is to combine estimates of the basic unit cost of providing a service , as judged by central government , with estimates of the basic need for the service , which might be the population requiring the service or the physical requirements , such as road mileages or numbers of dwellings .

Table 9.1 provides a breakdown of the expenditure assessment for England in 1985/6 by very broad headings .
table 9.1 provides a breakdown of the expenditure [evaluation] for england in 1985/6 by very broad headings .

Table 9.2 Components of Grant Related Expenditure assessment , 1985/6 ( £ per head of population
table 9.2 components of grant related expenditure [evaluation] , 1985/6 ( £ per head of population

It is again perhaps surprising that needs in Waltham Forest are greater than in Knowsley and striking how much higher the estimated needs are for Hackney than for Knowsley ; part of the reason for the lowish assessment for Knowsley is due to the very low proportion of elderly , although this might easily be offset in principle by the atypically high proportions of children there .
it is again perhaps surprising that needs in waltham forest are greater than in knowsley and striking how much higher the estimated needs are for hackney than for knowsley ; part of the reason for the lowish [evaluation] for knowsley is due to the very low proportion of elderly , although this might easily be offset in principle by the atypically high proportions of children there .

The Department of Education and Science use the most transparent and crude approach to the assessment of deprivation .
the department of education and science use the most transparent and crude approach to the [evaluation] of deprivation .

This is dramatized in table 9.5 , which presents the results of setting each coefficient at plus or minus two standard errors in order to illustrate the potential range of estimates for expenditure needs for an authority ; it must be stressed that this simple procedure overstates the true variability , but we do not have available sufficient information to enable a better assessment .
this is dramatized in table 9.5 , which presents the results of setting each coefficient at plus or minus two standard errors in order to illustrate the potential range of estimates for expenditure needs for an authority ; it must be stressed that this simple procedure overstates the true variability , but we do not have available sufficient information to enable a better [evaluation] .

Public accountability and transparency might be assisted by opening up the negotiation process between Central and Local government to participation by disinterested , knowledgeable parties and to non-expert advisors who could seek to ensure transparency , which is manifestly lacking in current procedures , particularly for the assessment of Grant Related Expenditure .
public accountability and transparency might be assisted by opening up the negotiation process between central and local government to participation by disinterested , knowledgeable parties and to non-expert advisors who could seek to ensure transparency , which is manifestly lacking in current procedures , particularly for the [evaluation] of grant related expenditure .

In 1983/4 it was deemed important to redirect resources to inner-city areas , following the race riots ( for example the weight given to the ethnic indicator in the assessment of educational needs for special remedial provision was doubled ) .
in 1983/4 it was deemed important to redirect resources to inner-city areas , following the race riots ( for example the weight given to the ethnic indicator in the [evaluation] of educational needs for special remedial provision was doubled ) .

All of this instability , it must be emphasized , occurred in the supposedly ‘ objective ’ assessment of basic expenditure needs for Local Authorities .
all of this instability , it must be emphasized , occurred in the supposedly ‘ objective ’ [evaluation] of basic expenditure needs for local authorities .

It is vital to maintaining a credible system of funding local government that absurd fluctuations in the most basic assessment of expenditure needs be avoided .
it is vital to maintaining a credible system of funding local government that absurd fluctuations in the most basic [evaluation] of expenditure needs be avoided .

The assessment of basic expenditure needs should urgently be removed from the political arena .
the [evaluation] of basic expenditure needs should urgently be removed from the political arena .

This was a report commissioned by the British government as an assessment of the prospects in the Biafran War , which in fact firmly predicted the inevitable victory of the Nigerian government — a victory which was , of course , inevitable because of the support the British government was giving to it .
this was a report commissioned by the british government as an [evaluation] of the prospects in the biafran war , which in fact firmly predicted the inevitable victory of the nigerian government — a victory which was , of course , inevitable because of the support the british government was giving to it .

And from whose perspective should any assessment of gains and losses be taken ?
and from whose perspective should any [evaluation] of gains and losses be taken ?

This is an issue surrounded by farming lore and even prejudice , which is often at odds with scientific investigation , and this , together with the extreme variability of soil conditions in England , makes any generalized assessment virtually impossible .
this is an issue surrounded by farming lore and even prejudice , which is often at odds with scientific investigation , and this , together with the extreme variability of soil conditions in england , makes any generalized [evaluation] virtually impossible .

It is telling that a theory unable to recognise the nature of power relationships in today 's society , should exhibit a similar incapacity in its assessment of ancient history .
it is telling that a theory unable to recognise the nature of power relationships in today 's society , should exhibit a similar incapacity in its [evaluation] of ancient history .

When a disabled person applied for housing they would generally be referred for medical assessment .
when a disabled person applied for housing they would generally be referred for medical [evaluation] .

The survey was carried out before the implementation of the new grant system for adaptations so could not assess its effectiveness ( see Morris , 1991 , for an assessment of the new system ; Royal Association of Disability and Rehabilitation , 1992 ) .
the survey was carried out before the implementation of the new grant system for adaptations so could not assess its effectiveness ( see morris , 1991 , for an [evaluation] of the new system ; royal association of disability and rehabilitation , 1992 ) .

Does it adequately outline assessment procedures which will identify the needs of the deaf child ?
does it adequately outline [evaluation] procedures which will identify the needs of the deaf child ?

assessment of need
[evaluation] of need

Other assessment and gatekeeper roles exist because , at least in the past , there have been few alternatives to doctors as sufficiently skilled and entrusted guardians of limited public resources .
other [evaluation] and gatekeeper roles exist because , at least in the past , there have been few alternatives to doctors as sufficiently skilled and entrusted guardians of limited public resources .

Assessments for benefits and equipment , still widely delegated to doctors , are now matched by other professionals ' assessment procedures , for example when housing adaptations are required .
assessments for benefits and equipment , still widely delegated to doctors , are now matched by other professionals ' [evaluation] procedures , for example when housing adaptations are required .

The real problems are the need for assessment at all , and that doctors who undertake the responsibility may not be adequately trained ( or experienced ) for the task .
the real problems are the need for [evaluation] at all , and that doctors who undertake the responsibility may not be adequately trained ( or experienced ) for the task .

The mutual dependence of profitability and growth , as we will see , makes the assessment of management motivation particularly problematical .
the mutual dependence of profitability and growth , as we will see , makes the [evaluation] of management motivation particularly problematical .

The existence of a relationship between increased remuneration and profits on the one hand or growth on the other is capable of less impressionistic assessment , and indeed has been subject to detailed research .
the existence of a relationship between increased remuneration and profits on the one hand or growth on the other is capable of less impressionistic [evaluation] , and indeed has been subject to detailed research .

For one thing , there would be problems in establishing causation : showing that steps that a more energetic management might have taken would have made a difference to the company 's position would involve an assessment of complex and often imponderable factors .
for one thing , there would be problems in establishing causation : showing that steps that a more energetic management might have taken would have made a difference to the company 's position would involve an [evaluation] of complex and often imponderable factors .

There is , however , a difference between making an assessment of conduct in a professional negligence case and evaluating a business decision .
there is , however , a difference between making an [evaluation] of conduct in a professional negligence case and evaluating a business decision .

As just suggested , take-overs may lead to increased market dominance and hence the consequences of the market for control on competition must also be taken into account in any overall assessment .
as just suggested , take-overs may lead to increased market dominance and hence the consequences of the market for control on competition must also be taken into account in any overall [evaluation] .

Assessment of possible improvement
[evaluation] of possible improvement

In considering the issue of legitimacy in relation to our constitutional arrangements and the exercise of governmental power , what has to be done is to examine a range of practices , decisions , actions ( and non-practices , -decisions and -actions ) statements and policies which between them can amount to a portrait of power , so that we can form a judgment or an assessment of that power set against the principles of limited government outlined and discussed so far .
in considering the issue of legitimacy in relation to our constitutional arrangements and the exercise of governmental power , what has to be done is to examine a range of practices , decisions , actions ( and non-practices , -decisions and -actions ) statements and policies which between them can amount to a portrait of power , so that we can form a judgment or an [evaluation] of that power set against the principles of limited government outlined and discussed so far .

The Acquisition of Land ( Assessment of Compensation ) Act 1919 provided by s. 2 for the assessment of compensation in respect of land acquired compulsorily for public purposes according to certain rules .
the acquisition of land ( [evaluation] of compensation ) act 1919 provided by s. 2 for the [evaluation] of compensation in respect of land acquired compulsorily for public purposes according to certain rules .

Section 7 ( 1 ) stated ‘ The provisions of the Act or order by which the land is authorised to be acquired , or of any Act incorporated therewith , shall in relation to the matters dealt with in this Act , have effect subject to this Act , and so far as inconsistent with this Act those provisions shall cease to have or shall not have effect … ’ The Housing Act 1925 , s. 46 provided for the assessment of compensation for land acquired compulsorily under an improvement or reconstruction scheme made under that Act in a manner differing in certain respects from that prescribed by the Act of 1919 .
section 7 ( 1 ) stated ‘ the provisions of the act or order by which the land is authorised to be acquired , or of any act incorporated therewith , shall in relation to the matters dealt with in this act , have effect subject to this act , and so far as inconsistent with this act those provisions shall cease to have or shall not have effect … ’ the housing act 1925 , s. 46 provided for the [evaluation] of compensation for land acquired compulsorily under an improvement or reconstruction scheme made under that act in a manner differing in certain respects from that prescribed by the act of 1919 .

English departments are apparently tolerant of competing ideas and paradigms ; lecturers , however , argued that assessment of students was more concerned with assessing students ' grasp of a discourse , their ability to practise English , than with judging the validity of their opinions .
english departments are apparently tolerant of competing ideas and paradigms ; lecturers , however , argued that [evaluation] of students was more concerned with assessing students ' grasp of a discourse , their ability to practise english , than with judging the validity of their opinions .

This certainly did not mean that he had become a tool of Moscow , but that he made a shrewd assessment of which ideology was most likely to speed up progress in Africa .
this certainly did not mean that he had become a tool of moscow , but that he made a shrewd [evaluation] of which ideology was most likely to speed up progress in africa .

The most careful assessment decides that the vote was fair in the towns and in the south but was rigged in Ashanti and neighbouring areas .
the most careful [evaluation] decides that the vote was fair in the towns and in the south but was rigged in ashanti and neighbouring areas .

And one must not forget that many of these functions can become dysfunctions , and assume a negative or pathological form : faulty selection , awkward induction , rigid structure , poor teaching , inadequate materials , invalid assessment , and so on .
and one must not forget that many of these functions can become dysfunctions , and assume a negative or pathological form : faulty selection , awkward induction , rigid structure , poor teaching , inadequate materials , invalid [evaluation] , and so on .

It points up the importance of admissions , and suggests that the assessment of a course may ‘ wash back ’ on its content and aims .
it points up the importance of admissions , and suggests that the [evaluation] of a course may ‘ wash back ’ on its content and aims .

at the research frontiers of the natural sciences , in the pattern and interrelation of the social sciences , in the new enhanced and extended engineering degrees , in the structure of courses ( new combinations and in some cases modular schemes ) , in project-based options in the final year , in the pattern of teaching and assessment , and in the development of work placements , European links or part-time degrees .
at the research frontiers of the natural sciences , in the pattern and interrelation of the social sciences , in the new enhanced and extended engineering degrees , in the structure of courses ( new combinations and in some cases modular schemes ) , in project-based options in the final year , in the pattern of teaching and [evaluation] , and in the development of work placements , european links or part-time degrees .

As we noted in Chapter 1 , level is an elusive concept , difficult to objectify without formal procedures of initial admission and final assessment .
as we noted in chapter 1 , level is an elusive concept , difficult to objectify without formal procedures of initial admission and final [evaluation] .

However , an in-depth assessment of shape , structure , character or nature , and environment — difficult and essential as that task may be — is insufficient of itself .
however , an in-depth [evaluation] of shape , structure , character or nature , and environment — difficult and essential as that task may be — is insufficient of itself .

This education may go well beyond simply fostering understanding of the change itself ; it may include needs assessment and subsequent training in the skills and knowledge that are shown to be essential to functioning successfully in the changed environment .
this education may go well beyond simply fostering understanding of the change itself ; it may include needs [evaluation] and subsequent training in the skills and knowledge that are shown to be essential to functioning successfully in the changed environment .

Assessment of training needs was carried out early , and training was thorough — covering job skills , problem-solving techniques and ‘ attitude training ’ in the concepts of high-performance organizational design .
[evaluation] of training needs was carried out early , and training was thorough — covering job skills , problem-solving techniques and ‘ attitude training ’ in the concepts of high-performance organizational design .

In such a situation the head office 's necessary lack of insight into the dynamics of the individual businesses is compounded by its over-reliance on the major formally rational means of control over local management and assessment of business prospects — that is , dependence upon financial calculations and accounting techniques premised on the divisional form .
in such a situation the head office 's necessary lack of insight into the dynamics of the individual businesses is compounded by its over-reliance on the major formally rational means of control over local management and [evaluation] of business prospects — that is , dependence upon financial calculations and accounting techniques premised on the divisional form .

How wide the sphere of the duty of care in negligence is to be laid depends ultimately on the court 's assessment of the demands of society for protection from the carelessness of others .
how wide the sphere of the duty of care in negligence is to be laid depends ultimately on the court 's [evaluation] of the demands of society for protection from the carelessness of others .

What is crucial to this argument , if extended a little beyond Gombrich 's own assessment , is that the frame 's anonymous and modest presence belies its significance for the appreciation of the work of art .
what is crucial to this argument , if extended a little beyond gombrich 's own [evaluation] , is that the frame 's anonymous and modest presence belies its significance for the appreciation of the work of art .

Such an analysis can provide useful and constructive information which can guide politicians and administrators in making programme improvements as well as provide a reasonably objective assessment on behalf of the public at large .
such an analysis can provide useful and constructive information which can guide politicians and administrators in making programme improvements as well as provide a reasonably objective [evaluation] on behalf of the public at large .

The business development department is responsible for assessment of long-term user needs , long-term planning , and co-operation with research , which attempts to solve technological problems associated with future requirements .
the business development department is responsible for [evaluation] of long-term user needs , long-term planning , and co-operation with research , which attempts to solve technological problems associated with future requirements .

Thus sample data and accounts of incidents become part of the raw material for an assessment of the competence of field staff .
thus sample data and accounts of incidents become part of the raw material for an [evaluation] of the competence of field staff .

First , there is an assessment ( sometimes negotiable ) about whether it is technically within the discharger 's power to do something about the ‘ problem ’ .
first , there is an [evaluation] ( sometimes negotiable ) about whether it is technically within the discharger 's power to do something about the ‘ problem ’ .

Since the practical definition of pollution is tied to the notion of impact , it requires an assessment of setting , for setting determines the degree to which the field officer can contemplate tolerating the contamination .
since the practical definition of pollution is tied to the notion of impact , it requires an [evaluation] of setting , for setting determines the degree to which the field officer can contemplate tolerating the contamination .

This assessment is of crucial importance .
this [evaluation] is of crucial importance .

Many officers routinely make an impressionistic assessment of quality , with a sniff of the water in the sample bottle or a sight of it against the light .
many officers routinely make an impressionistic [evaluation] of quality , with a sniff of the water in the sample bottle or a sight of it against the light .

In private settings where the field man needs some seemingly objective , unambiguous evidence to support his demands for remedial action , sample results are also useful , though most dischargers are prepared to accept the field man 's personal assessment of the nature of the pollution .
in private settings where the field man needs some seemingly objective , unambiguous evidence to support his demands for remedial action , sample results are also useful , though most dischargers are prepared to accept the field man 's personal [evaluation] of the nature of the pollution .

Following the introductory assessment of the market context of handheld electronic books in this current section , this report provides two main areas of update .
following the introductory [evaluation] of the market context of handheld electronic books in this current section , this report provides two main areas of update .

Programme evaluation the routine assessment of the effectiveness of costly new educational programmes .
programme evaluation the routine [evaluation] of the effectiveness of costly new educational programmes .

Zero-based budgeting , cost-benefit analysis , management by objectives — the application of management techniques which demand the assessment of highly operationalised programme goals as a guide to financial allocations ;
zero-based budgeting , cost-benefit analysis , management by objectives — the application of management techniques which demand the [evaluation] of highly operationalised programme goals as a guide to financial allocations ;

The National Assessment of Educational Progress — an attempt to establish the condition of the nation 's overall educational well-being by administering selected tests to carefully chosen ‘ light ’ samples of the school population .
the national [evaluation] of educational progress — an attempt to establish the condition of the nation 's overall educational well-being by administering selected tests to carefully chosen ‘ light ’ samples of the school population .

Testing stands as the ‘ hard ’ pole because procedures tend to be external , formal , judgemental , product-orientated , and analytic in their method of assessment .
testing stands as the ‘ hard ’ pole because procedures tend to be external , formal , judgemental , product-orientated , and analytic in their method of [evaluation] .

In contrast , forms of self-evaluation can be located towards the ‘ soft ’ pole because they tend to be internal , informal , descriptive , process-orientated and holistic in their mode of assessment .
in contrast , forms of self-evaluation can be located towards the ‘ soft ’ pole because they tend to be internal , informal , descriptive , process-orientated and holistic in their mode of [evaluation] .

Some kind of assessment of the competence of teachers was seen as a way of weeding out those who were incompetent : a reaction to severe cuts in education ( along with the effects of falling rolls ) , and the need to thin out the teaching force .
some kind of [evaluation] of the competence of teachers was seen as a way of weeding out those who were incompetent : a reaction to severe cuts in education ( along with the effects of falling rolls ) , and the need to thin out the teaching force .

Group development might also encourage peer assessment which a contractual appraisal scheme is not likely to include .
group development might also encourage peer [evaluation] which a contractual appraisal scheme is not likely to include .

The Munn Report examined the structure of the curriculum in the last two years of compulsory schooling in Scotland , and carried out its work almost at the same time as the Dunning Committee considered the aims , purposes and forms of assessment for the whole ability range .
the munn report examined the structure of the curriculum in the last two years of compulsory schooling in scotland , and carried out its work almost at the same time as the dunning committee considered the aims , purposes and forms of [evaluation] for the whole ability range .

It saw a role for internal assessment ( internal to the school ) in helping to release the school curriculum from total control by examination syllabuses originating outside of the school .
it saw a role for internal [evaluation] ( internal to the school ) in helping to release the school curriculum from total control by examination syllabuses originating outside of the school .

When considering assessment the Munn Report recommended that all subjects should be examined , with three levels of syllabuses to accommodate different ability groups .
when considering [evaluation] the munn report recommended that all subjects should be examined , with three levels of syllabuses to accommodate different ability groups .

as an external evaluation of their own assessment of pupils .
as an external evaluation of their own [evaluation] of pupils .

First , at the most general level , testing , and other forms of assessment , represent education in a mechanistic way .
first , at the most general level , testing , and other forms of [evaluation] , represent education in a mechanistic way .

The format for these reports , agreed by the heads of department , invited consideration of course aims , course planning and organisation , co-operative planning and teaching , record-keeping and continuous assessment , finance , staffing , accommodation , timetabling , moderation and evaluation .
the format for these reports , agreed by the heads of department , invited consideration of course aims , course planning and organisation , co-operative planning and teaching , record-keeping and continuous [evaluation] , finance , staffing , accommodation , timetabling , moderation and evaluation .

Among the interesting things to emerge from this first study was the way in which teachers equated formal evaluation exclusively with pupil assessment .
among the interesting things to emerge from this first study was the way in which teachers equated formal evaluation exclusively with pupil [evaluation] .

They discovered for themselves the value of taking note of the way pupils write of their school experience ; and by passing unnamed ‘ pupil products ’ around the staff group , they devised a way of cross-checking and standardising the assessment criteria that each was using in grading children 's work .
they discovered for themselves the value of taking note of the way pupils write of their school experience ; and by passing unnamed ‘ pupil products ’ around the staff group , they devised a way of cross-checking and standardising the [evaluation] criteria that each was using in grading children 's work .

Here , we must make an assessment of the politics of funding community organizations and the dependency which that creates .
here , we must make an [evaluation] of the politics of funding community organizations and the dependency which that creates .

On normal industrial systems this assessment has to be performed manually by the operator .
on normal industrial systems this [evaluation] has to be performed manually by the operator .

This will have two major benefits : first , the amount of data transferred can be considerably reduced ; second , the presentation of any of the necessary information will greatly increase the designer 's ability to make a correct assessment of the design problem .
this will have two major benefits : first , the amount of data transferred can be considerably reduced ; second , the presentation of any of the necessary information will greatly increase the designer 's ability to make a correct [evaluation] of the design problem .

Continuous assessment , which is used at many colleges in the United States , is more conducive to maintaining a short-term aim in the student 's mind .
continuous [evaluation] , which is used at many colleges in the united states , is more conducive to maintaining a short-term aim in the student 's mind .

In the absence of such continuous assessment , officially applied , you must make a serious attempt to produce the short-term aims within your own thinking .
in the absence of such continuous [evaluation] , officially applied , you must make a serious attempt to produce the short-term aims within your own thinking .

5 Choose your plants according to your needs and the dictates of the soil and site as determined from your assessment .
5 choose your plants according to your needs and the dictates of the soil and site as determined from your [evaluation] .

He developed an index known as Quetelet 's Index , which is widely used in the assessment of obesity .
he developed an index known as quetelet 's index , which is widely used in the [evaluation] of obesity .

Family ties , however , did not prevent Victoria 's clear-headed assessment that intervention was useless .
family ties , however , did not prevent victoria 's clear-headed [evaluation] that intervention was useless .

Most of the marks will be awarded for demonstrating more sophisticated skills , that is to say for analysis , judgement , interpretation and assessment of knowledge .
most of the marks will be awarded for demonstrating more sophisticated skills , that is to say for analysis , judgement , interpretation and [evaluation] of knowledge .

Discuss the validity of the assessment of Disraeli 's social reforms 1874–80 .
discuss the validity of the [evaluation] of disraeli 's social reforms 1874–80 .

This division into explanation and assessment is not rigid .
this division into explanation and [evaluation] is not rigid .

assessment
[evaluation]

2. the rest of the question may shift the emphasis from explanation to assessment .
2. the rest of the question may shift the emphasis from explanation to [evaluation] .

e.g. " How far can the origins of ( the First World War in 1914 ) be explained by German policy from 1898 ? assessment
e.g. " how far can the origins of ( the first world war in 1914 ) be explained by german policy from 1898 ? [evaluation]

Question type : ( a ) the question part asks for assessment " How far were …
question type : ( a ) the question part asks for [evaluation] " how far were …

Frequently questions demand assessment or evaluation .
frequently questions demand [evaluation] or evaluation .

In a broad division on p. 70 we separated explanation from assessment type questions by examining their instruction parts .
in a broad division on p. 70 we separated explanation from [evaluation] type questions by examining their instruction parts .

Some assessment questions are obvious : mention of success , failure , achievement or significance are all clues that some sort of weighing up is needed .
some [evaluation] questions are obvious : mention of success , failure , achievement or significance are all clues that some sort of weighing up is needed .

Armed with your knowledge of how to relate the parts and the whole , it is possible to see implied assessment .
armed with your knowledge of how to relate the parts and the whole , it is possible to see implied [evaluation] .

The instruction `` How far was … due to `` implies assessment of the relative importance of those factors .
the instruction `` how far was … due to `` implies [evaluation] of the relative importance of those factors .

Look at the different requirements and forms of assessment in the following questions .
look at the different requirements and forms of [evaluation] in the following questions .

Both of the following questions imply assessment of relative importance . What suggests this in the question ? Of what are you assessing the relative importance ?
both of the following questions imply [evaluation] of relative importance . what suggests this in the question ? of what are you assessing the relative importance ?

Assessment forms a large part of historical work .
[evaluation] forms a large part of historical work .

In every question needing assessment a standard or scale of reference is required by which you can measure relative success , failure or achievement .
in every question needing [evaluation] a standard or scale of reference is required by which you can measure relative success , failure or achievement .

In the second question you must provide assessment and argument for yourself ; there is a lower information content .
in the second question you must provide [evaluation] and argument for yourself ; there is a lower information content .

Quotations conform to the same pattern of assessment and explanation type .
quotations conform to the same pattern of [evaluation] and explanation type .

( c ) the implication of selection or assessment .
( c ) the implication of selection or [evaluation] .

In this assessment of an explanation the writer has disagreed with the main proposition and supported it by looking at the Liberal and Labour parties separately , and secondly at the other factors making for Liberal decline .
in this [evaluation] of an explanation the writer has disagreed with the main proposition and supported it by looking at the liberal and labour parties separately , and secondly at the other factors making for liberal decline .

Assessment " How important "
[evaluation] " how important "

( a ) an assessment of the topic 2 sentences
( a ) an [evaluation] of the topic 2 sentences

Professor John Vincent in a long assessment of Gladstone observes `` He was appalled by frivolity , and frivolity was appalled by him … `` something in the tone of his voice and his way of coming into the room that is not aristocratic .
professor john vincent in a long [evaluation] of gladstone observes `` he was appalled by frivolity , and frivolity was appalled by him … `` something in the tone of his voice and his way of coming into the room that is not aristocratic .

PHCNs around the country generally undergo a one-year training course ( Clinical Nursing Science , Health Assessment , Treatment and Care ) and then return to their home hospitals where they work in clinics or hospital out-patients departments .
phcns around the country generally undergo a one-year training course ( clinical nursing science , health [evaluation] , treatment and care ) and then return to their home hospitals where they work in clinics or hospital out-patients departments .

Let us make a careful assessment of the extent to which he succeeded in defending a rationalist position .
let us make a careful [evaluation] of the extent to which he succeeded in defending a rationalist position .

Lakatos 's universal criterion for the assessment of theories follows from his principle ‘ the methodology of scientific research programmes is better suited for approximating the truth in our actual universe than any other methodology ’ .
lakatos 's universal criterion for the [evaluation] of theories follows from his principle ‘ the methodology of scientific research programmes is better suited for approximating the truth in our actual universe than any other methodology ’ .

Therefore an examination of housing management must consider the following : pointing schemes or other forms of assessment of applicants ; allocation and transfer policies ; building policies and sales policies ( Phillips and Williams 1982a , 1982c ) .
therefore an examination of housing management must consider the following : pointing schemes or other forms of [evaluation] of applicants ; allocation and transfer policies ; building policies and sales policies ( phillips and williams 1982a , 1982c ) .

These figures on their own do not really provide a full assessment of the effectiveness of planning .
these figures on their own do not really provide a full [evaluation] of the effectiveness of planning .

Accordingly , other provisions of the Act relating to the assessment of benefit , charging orders burdens of proof and enforcement are also applicable .
accordingly , other provisions of the act relating to the [evaluation] of benefit , charging orders burdens of proof and enforcement are also applicable .

An individual that escalates without assessment is in danger of finding itself in a fight with a much stronger individual .
an individual that escalates without [evaluation] is in danger of finding itself in a fight with a much stronger individual .

This was an assessment with which Haverford , in all humility , felt bound to agree .
this was an [evaluation] with which haverford , in all humility , felt bound to agree .

Where they differ is in their assessment of the nature , extent and source of Bolshevik influence .
where they differ is in their [evaluation] of the nature , extent and source of bolshevik influence .

It was during this period that savage Turkish reprisals against Balkan nationalist movements gave the last of the sultans an unsavoury reputation for religious persecution which has coloured the writings of some western historians in their assessment of the whole record of the Ottoman empire .
it was during this period that savage turkish reprisals against balkan nationalist movements gave the last of the sultans an unsavoury reputation for religious persecution which has coloured the writings of some western historians in their [evaluation] of the whole record of the ottoman empire .

Much of what he had seen so far confirmed the assessment of the Imperial survey — that the stage of development Tarvaras had reached was equivalent to that which was thought to have existed during the Terran medieval period .
much of what he had seen so far confirmed the [evaluation] of the imperial survey — that the stage of development tarvaras had reached was equivalent to that which was thought to have existed during the terran medieval period .

The receptionist made a quick assessment .
the receptionist made a quick [evaluation] .

That assessment was echoed by the other speakers in the session — Kevin Allard of Bertram Books , David Edyvean of the Gosport Bookshop and Nick Polkinhorne of the Sevenoaks Bookshop — each of whom explained how the application of new technology had enabled them successfully to transform the environment in which they worked .
that [evaluation] was echoed by the other speakers in the session — kevin allard of bertram books , david edyvean of the gosport bookshop and nick polkinhorne of the sevenoaks bookshop — each of whom explained how the application of new technology had enabled them successfully to transform the environment in which they worked .

After assessment by the child care officer or reception centre , the child is placed in a suitable substitute home .
after [evaluation] by the child care officer or reception centre , the child is placed in a suitable substitute home .

However , although the Education Act 1981 shifted the emphasis in education from handicap to special educational need , based on assessment of curriculum requirement rather than on the child 's disability , there has been little progress in the integration of the handicapped in education .
however , although the education act 1981 shifted the emphasis in education from handicap to special educational need , based on [evaluation] of curriculum requirement rather than on the child 's disability , there has been little progress in the integration of the handicapped in education .

At 100 per cent assessment , the weekly rate of benefit is £71.20 .
at 100 per cent [evaluation] , the weekly rate of benefit is £71.20 .

Admission for assessment for twenty-eight days ( section 2 ) is possible where a person is suffering from mental disorder and it is considered that he or she ought to be detained in the interests of his or her own health or safety or with a view to the protection of other persons .
admission for [evaluation] for twenty-eight days ( section 2 ) is possible where a person is suffering from mental disorder and it is considered that he or she ought to be detained in the interests of his or her own health or safety or with a view to the protection of other persons .

First , the existence of administrative tribunals operating in the areas of National Insurance , income support , rent assessment and mental health .
first , the existence of administrative tribunals operating in the areas of national insurance , income support , rent [evaluation] and mental health .

Research is increasingly concerned with evaluation of services as well as assessment of need .
research is increasingly concerned with evaluation of services as well as [evaluation] of need .

She went out , leaving Peter Suvarov to wait for a more rational assessment of Julia 's state from Annunziata .
she went out , leaving peter suvarov to wait for a more rational [evaluation] of julia 's state from annunziata .

Multifactorial assessment of risks and patient education are of special importance in this age group , with an emphasis on patient education , smoking , body weight , and blood cholesterol control in management plans which should include exercise programmes and reduction in dietary fat .
multifactorial [evaluation] of risks and patient education are of special importance in this age group , with an emphasis on patient education , smoking , body weight , and blood cholesterol control in management plans which should include exercise programmes and reduction in dietary fat .

Assessment of genetic polymorphism in linkage analysis .
[evaluation] of genetic polymorphism in linkage analysis .

Such children obviously need general assessment , not merely an examination of their ears and hearing .
such children obviously need general [evaluation] , not merely an examination of their ears and hearing .

The marking of the examination is weighted towards the assessment of clinical skills .
the marking of the examination is weighted towards the [evaluation] of clinical skills .

The final result awarded to each candidate takes into consideration the formative assessment results obtained during their clinical attachment , which incorporates a summative assessment obtained before the examination .
the final result awarded to each candidate takes into consideration the formative [evaluation] results obtained during their clinical attachment , which incorporates a summative [evaluation] obtained before the examination .

We did not recommend either long or short treatment for acute pyelonephritis , and consider that serial clinical and microbiological assessment is more important than didactic adherence to a predetermined treatment schedule .
we did not recommend either long or short treatment for acute pyelonephritis , and consider that serial clinical and microbiological [evaluation] is more important than didactic adherence to a predetermined treatment schedule .

That assessment was shared by Barnicoats ' managing director Jonathan Barnicoat .
that [evaluation] was shared by barnicoats ' managing director jonathan barnicoat .

Even then , such assessment as there was was lost in Burgessian rhetoric : ‘ Mr Motion does all he can to chronicle those years and years of world without event , in which the interesting things happened in trousers , in pubs , and on paper … We are getting to know Larkin : we have more poems than we thought possible , all those letters , now this .
even then , such [evaluation] as there was was lost in burgessian rhetoric : ‘ mr motion does all he can to chronicle those years and years of world without event , in which the interesting things happened in trousers , in pubs , and on paper … we are getting to know larkin : we have more poems than we thought possible , all those letters , now this .

Almost a month after the 1 April changes , many local authorities have not yet set up assessment systems for drug and alcohol misusers and are failing to refer these clients for treatment .
almost a month after the 1 april changes , many local authorities have not yet set up [evaluation] systems for drug and alcohol misusers and are failing to refer these clients for treatment .

‘ Those services which normally refer clients to us are not doing so because the local authority concerned does not have a contract with Roma or are struggling to sort out their assessment procedures , ’ he said .
‘ those services which normally refer clients to us are not doing so because the local authority concerned does not have a contract with roma or are struggling to sort out their [evaluation] procedures , ’ he said .

Rather than try to combine all individual reports of unmet need into a county-wide planning process , the council has split its records into two types : the individual care assessment , where care managers decide for themselves how to record needs , and a more formal , anonymous sample of 10 per cent of service users , which can be used for planning .
rather than try to combine all individual reports of unmet need into a county-wide planning process , the council has split its records into two types : the individual care [evaluation] , where care managers decide for themselves how to record needs , and a more formal , anonymous sample of 10 per cent of service users , which can be used for planning .

The discrepancies which arose were recorded separately on the assessment file .
the discrepancies which arose were recorded separately on the [evaluation] file .

Such an approach also allows for more imaginative assessment of needs .
such an approach also allows for more imaginative [evaluation] of needs .

Assessment and recording unmet need gives a very clear set of goals for the care manager :
[evaluation] and recording unmet need gives a very clear set of goals for the care manager :

The rhetoric of user-led assessment and control of care packages is central to community care and the charters .
the rhetoric of user-led [evaluation] and control of care packages is central to community care and the charters .

But the reality is a complete lack of legislative provision for advocacy , no statutory user involvement in assessment nor any statutory right to challenge your assessment .
but the reality is a complete lack of legislative provision for advocacy , no statutory user involvement in [evaluation] nor any statutory right to challenge your [evaluation] .

‘ Where the use of discretion or assessment is to regulate and control the flow of money , be it of social fund officers or care managers , this promotes anxiety about possible injustices and discrimination in decision-making . ’
‘ where the use of discretion or [evaluation] is to regulate and control the flow of money , be it of social fund officers or care managers , this promotes anxiety about possible injustices and discrimination in decision-making . ’

Social work has also failed to distinguish between service features ( the assessment aspect of care management ) and the benefits ( the care package ) .
social work has also failed to distinguish between service features ( the [evaluation] aspect of care management ) and the benefits ( the care package ) .

The public appears unaware that departments have moved over the years from a production orientation , where individuals were matched to available services , to a marketing orientation where departments seek to establish customers ' needs through individual assessment and meet them individually by care management .
the public appears unaware that departments have moved over the years from a production orientation , where individuals were matched to available services , to a marketing orientation where departments seek to establish customers ' needs through individual [evaluation] and meet them individually by care management .

The outcome is that Mark is placed voluntarily in Sheila 's mother 's care , 15 miles away , while a family assessment takes place .
the outcome is that mark is placed voluntarily in sheila 's mother 's care , 15 miles away , while a family [evaluation] takes place .

The other two children will stay at a family centre as part of her assessment .
the other two children will stay at a family centre as part of her [evaluation] .

The assessment would probably be more realistic with Mark at home , given adequate community and extended family support ; his needs for attachment would be prejudiced by a move .
the [evaluation] would probably be more realistic with mark at home , given adequate community and extended family support ; his needs for attachment would be prejudiced by a move .

Looking After Children contains standardised forms for gathering information , plans and review and six schedules for different age groups , called assessment and action records , to chart children 's progress .
looking after children contains standardised forms for gathering information , plans and review and six schedules for different age groups , called [evaluation] and action records , to chart children 's progress .

The Children Act says local authorities should provide the same sort of care ‘ that it would be reasonable to expect a parent to give ’ , and the assessment and action records are designed to help authorities be effective parents .
the children act says local authorities should provide the same sort of care ‘ that it would be reasonable to expect a parent to give ’ , and the [evaluation] and action records are designed to help authorities be effective parents .

But some aspects of the assessment and action records did not meet the project 's needs .
but some aspects of the [evaluation] and action records did not meet the project 's needs .

By analysing the assessment forms , the researchers have also uncovered some weak links in local authority care .
by analysing the [evaluation] forms , the researchers have also uncovered some weak links in local authority care .

The Team for the Assessment of Psychiatric Services has been evaluating the run down of Friern and Claybury Hospitals in north London .
the team for the [evaluation] of psychiatric services has been evaluating the run down of friern and claybury hospitals in north london .

The dental examinations were performed before follow up for disease occurrence and thus there should have been little if any bias in the assessment of oral health .
the dental examinations were performed before follow up for disease occurrence and thus there should have been little if any bias in the [evaluation] of oral health .

Child psychiatrists have a special interest in information about the child 's family , as often the whole family will attend for assessment .
child psychiatrists have a special interest in information about the child 's family , as often the whole family will attend for [evaluation] .

The attitude of the family has implications for the style of initial assessment carried out by the psychiatrist ; if the psychiatrist realises from the outset that other agencies are involved then consent of the family for reports may be obtained at an early stage .
the attitude of the family has implications for the style of initial [evaluation] carried out by the psychiatrist ; if the psychiatrist realises from the outset that other agencies are involved then consent of the family for reports may be obtained at an early stage .

The data presented were drawn from detailed clinical interview of new patients at the point of initial assessment .
the data presented were drawn from detailed clinical interview of new patients at the point of initial [evaluation] .

These included injecting frequency ( past and recent ) , prescription status at assessment , drugs reportedly used , and syringe sharing .
these included injecting frequency ( past and recent ) , prescription status at [evaluation] , drugs reportedly used , and syringe sharing .

‘ Recent ’ injecting refers to the six months before assessment .
‘ recent ’ injecting refers to the six months before [evaluation] .

Among opioid misusers 51 % ( 24/47 ) in 1988 and 70 % ( 30/43 ) in 1990 were receiving prescribed opioids before assessment .
among opioid misusers 51 % ( 24/47 ) in 1988 and 70 % ( 30/43 ) in 1990 were receiving prescribed opioids before [evaluation] .

Among benzodiazepine misusers 70 % ( 23/33 ) in 1988 and 59 % ( 23/39 ) in 1990 were being prescribed benzodiazepines before assessment .
among benzodiazepine misusers 70 % ( 23/33 ) in 1988 and 59 % ( 23/39 ) in 1990 were being prescribed benzodiazepines before [evaluation] .

Of the drugs in use within one month before assessment , injectable opioids such as Temgesic ( buprenorphine ) were significantly more commonly reported in 1988 than in 1990 .
of the drugs in use within one month before [evaluation] , injectable opioids such as temgesic ( buprenorphine ) were significantly more commonly reported in 1988 than in 1990 .

The 1988 and 1990 samples were combined to test for association between prescribing status before assessment and frequency of recent injecting .
the 1988 and 1990 samples were combined to test for association between prescribing status before [evaluation] and frequency of recent injecting .

However , being prescribed opioids before assessment was strongly associated with lower recent injecting frequency ( χ 2 =25.7 , df=2 ; p < 0.0001 ) .
however , being prescribed opioids before [evaluation] was strongly associated with lower recent injecting frequency ( χ 2 =25.7 , df=2 ; p < 0.0001 ) .

Being prescribed oral opioids before assessment was associated with less recent injecting but as levels of such prescribing were similar in the two samples this would not , as a ‘ treatment effect , ’ fully explain the differences found in recent injecting frequency .
being prescribed oral opioids before [evaluation] was associated with less recent injecting but as levels of such prescribing were similar in the two samples this would not , as a ‘ treatment effect , ’ fully explain the differences found in recent injecting frequency .

Indeed , a report by a working group of the National Medical Consultative Committee in 1989 saw ‘ merit in the development in Scotland of the concept of inpatient care based on a ‘ mental health campus ’ ’ which would include units for assessment and short term care , medium to long term care , and special facilities for adults with behavioural problems due to brain damage combined with multiple physical disabilities .
indeed , a report by a working group of the national medical consultative committee in 1989 saw ‘ merit in the development in scotland of the concept of inpatient care based on a ‘ mental health campus ’ ’ which would include units for [evaluation] and short term care , medium to long term care , and special facilities for adults with behavioural problems due to brain damage combined with multiple physical disabilities .

In a standardised approach to the immediate resuscitation of a casualty a quick assessment of the airway , breathing , and circulation ( which includes opening the airway ) should allow the first aider to decide whether the problem is unconsciousness alone , disturbed or absent breathing , or cardiac arrest .
in a standardised approach to the immediate resuscitation of a casualty a quick [evaluation] of the airway , breathing , and circulation ( which includes opening the airway ) should allow the first aider to decide whether the problem is unconsciousness alone , disturbed or absent breathing , or cardiac arrest .

The Team for the Assessment of Psychiatric Services has shown , for example , that long stay and ‘ new long stay ’ patients ( those who have been in hospital between one and five years ) generally do well when they are discharged into the community .
the team for the [evaluation] of psychiatric services has shown , for example , that long stay and ‘ new long stay ’ patients ( those who have been in hospital between one and five years ) generally do well when they are discharged into the community .

How complaints are dealt with strongly influences our assessment of a product or a service .
how complaints are dealt with strongly influences our [evaluation] of a product or a service .

All women with hyperprolactinaemia ( >1000 mU/l ) should be referred to an endocrinologist for further assessment and computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging of the pituitary
all women with hyperprolactinaemia ( >1000 mu/l ) should be referred to an endocrinologist for further [evaluation] and computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging of the pituitary

There are studies in which neonatal assessment has been made after attempts at randomisation of analgesia during labour .
there are studies in which neonatal [evaluation] has been made after attempts at randomisation of analgesia during labour .

In 1983 the initial results after 12 months were reported , which showed the effects with assessment by otoscopic examination .
in 1983 the initial results after 12 months were reported , which showed the effects with [evaluation] by otoscopic examination .

Assessment of the first 150 cases after one year in April 1983 confirmed that tonsillectomy had no additional benefit compared with adenoidectomy alone .
[evaluation] of the first 150 cases after one year in april 1983 confirmed that tonsillectomy had no additional benefit compared with adenoidectomy alone .

Data from children whose ears contained fluid at the final assessment or at the last assessment before they were lost to follow up were excluded .
data from children whose ears contained fluid at the final [evaluation] or at the last [evaluation] before they were lost to follow up were excluded .

The improvement in mean hearing threshold since the preoperative assessment was calculated for each child at each follow up .
the improvement in mean hearing threshold since the preoperative [evaluation] was calculated for each child at each follow up .

Objective assessment with tympanometry shows longer durations because of its greater sensitivity compared with otoscopy ( 7.8 years , 4.9 years , 4.0 years , and 2.8 years , respectively ) .
objective [evaluation] with tympanometry shows longer durations because of its greater sensitivity compared with otoscopy ( 7.8 years , 4.9 years , 4.0 years , and 2.8 years , respectively ) .

Assessment of the effect of possible prognostic factors showed that children with parents who smoke and , in the case of surgical intervention , children who are younger ( < 2½ years ) at onset of hearing loss have a less satisfactory outcome otoscopically and tympanometrically .
[evaluation] of the effect of possible prognostic factors showed that children with parents who smoke and , in the case of surgical intervention , children who are younger ( < 2½ years ) at onset of hearing loss have a less satisfactory outcome otoscopically and tympanometrically .

The provisions of the 1990 National Health Service and Community Care Act make the following statutory requirements of case managers : ‘ Where it appears to a local authority that any person for whom they may provide or arrange for the provision of community care services may be in need of any such services , the authority ( a ) shall carry out an assessment of his needs for those services and ( b ) having regard to the results of that assessment , shall then decide whether his needs call for the provision by them of any such services . ’
the provisions of the 1990 national health service and community care act make the following statutory requirements of case managers : ‘ where it appears to a local authority that any person for whom they may provide or arrange for the provision of community care services may be in need of any such services , the authority ( a ) shall carry out an [evaluation] of his needs for those services and ( b ) having regard to the results of that [evaluation] , shall then decide whether his needs call for the provision by them of any such services . ’

In Southwark the processes of assessment and care management have been planned through an interagency group comprising local authority officers , and representatives from all the health providers and purchasers and the voluntary sector .
in southwark the processes of [evaluation] and care management have been planned through an interagency group comprising local authority officers , and representatives from all the health providers and purchasers and the voluntary sector .

The model of assessment which has been agreed has three levels ( fig 1 ) .
the model of [evaluation] which has been agreed has three levels ( fig 1 ) .

Information is recorded on standard forms at screening and these are sent to the appropriate care management and assessment team , which is responsible for ensuring that each stage of the assessment and care management cycle is completed ( box 3 ) .
information is recorded on standard forms at screening and these are sent to the appropriate care management and [evaluation] team , which is responsible for ensuring that each stage of the [evaluation] and care management cycle is completed ( box 3 ) .

Decisions on who needs assessment and who has priority will usually be made within the social services department , but in hospital such decisions can be made with health care staff .
decisions on who needs [evaluation] and who has priority will usually be made within the social services department , but in hospital such decisions can be made with health care staff .

The team member making the main assessment of needs for community care uses a structured form with headings covering all areas of potential need .
the team member making the main [evaluation] of needs for community care uses a structured form with headings covering all areas of potential need .

Assessors can use an accompanying checklist to make a more detailed assessment of certain factors , allowing the resulting completed form to reflect more closely and personally the assessed person 's needs .
assessors can use an accompanying checklist to make a more detailed [evaluation] of certain factors , allowing the resulting completed form to reflect more closely and personally the assessed person 's needs .

If a more detailed assessment is necessary evaluation by a specialist can be requested , to be completed within an agreed timescale .
if a more detailed [evaluation] is necessary evaluation by a specialist can be requested , to be completed within an agreed timescale .

The local authority 's obligation to provide services after assessment is a complex issue , with confusing messages coming from the Department of Health .
the local authority 's obligation to provide services after [evaluation] is a complex issue , with confusing messages coming from the department of health .

This model of assessment and care management will be used for all client groups in Southwark , but in the mental health services some additional features , both legislative and professional , will be incorporated into the overall structure .
this model of [evaluation] and care management will be used for all client groups in southwark , but in the mental health services some additional features , both legislative and professional , will be incorporated into the overall structure .

This will probably be one of the flash points as the new joint arrangements for assessment and care management become established .
this will probably be one of the flash points as the new joint arrangements for [evaluation] and care management become established .

Mechanisms must be set up to ensure that commissioners in both health and social services receive feedback about needs assessment .
mechanisms must be set up to ensure that commissioners in both health and social services receive feedback about needs [evaluation] .

Fifthly , conflicting central guidance is emerging about the statutory requirements to provide services for people whose assessments show up unmet needs , or even to inform people about the results of assessment .
fifthly , conflicting central guidance is emerging about the statutory requirements to provide services for people whose assessments show up unmet needs , or even to inform people about the results of [evaluation] .

When needs assessment information is fed into discussions on commissioning and planning it will probably highlight the need for district health authorities and local authorities ( and , increasingly , general practitioner fundholders ) to commission many community services jointly .
when needs [evaluation] information is fed into discussions on commissioning and planning it will probably highlight the need for district health authorities and local authorities ( and , increasingly , general practitioner fundholders ) to commission many community services jointly .

Box 3 — Stages in care management and assessment
box 3 — stages in care management and [evaluation]

Stage 2 : Determining the level of assessment — Making an initial identification of need and matching the appropriate level of assessment to that need .
stage 2 : determining the level of [evaluation] — making an initial identification of need and matching the appropriate level of [evaluation] to that need .

Stage 4 : Care planning — Negotiating the most appropriate ways of achieving the objectives identified by the assessment of need and incorporating them into an individual care plan .
stage 4 : care planning — negotiating the most appropriate ways of achieving the objectives identified by the [evaluation] of need and incorporating them into an individual care plan .

Box 4 — Problem areas covered by the Camberwell assessment of need
box 4 — problem areas covered by the camberwell [evaluation] of need

To facilitate this investigation both patients were sedated and ventilated , thus preventing further neurological assessment .
to facilitate this investigation both patients were sedated and ventilated , thus preventing further neurological [evaluation] .

Assessment of students
[evaluation] of students

Editor , — In her review of methods of assessing students Stella Lowry argues the need for methods of assessment that match learning objectives .
editor , — in her review of methods of assessing students stella lowry argues the need for methods of [evaluation] that match learning objectives .

Considerable advances have been made in the assessment of knowledge and clinical skills — for example , multiple choice questions and objective structured clinical examinations .
considerable advances have been made in the [evaluation] of knowledge and clinical skills — for example , multiple choice questions and objective structured clinical examinations .

To overcome the problem of case specificity , assessment of the interview section is based not on how well the students did but on their ability to evaluate their communication with the patient .
to overcome the problem of case specificity , [evaluation] of the interview section is based not on how well the students did but on their ability to evaluate their communication with the patient .

Even if they were not satisfied with their history taking , their analysis of their performance , the difficulties or constraints perceived , and ideas for improvement are the most important material for assessment in this task .
even if they were not satisfied with their history taking , their analysis of their performance , the difficulties or constraints perceived , and ideas for improvement are the most important material for [evaluation] in this task .

This method of assessment matches two key aims in our new curriculum .
this method of [evaluation] matches two key aims in our new curriculum .

An average general practice of 10000 patients refers 34 patients a year for assessment of breast lumps .
an average general practice of 10000 patients refers 34 patients a year for [evaluation] of breast lumps .

1825 " The Presses of this meeting , as being part owner of the Steam Boat , declines allowing the assessment for the Steam Boat to be charged for this year . This Meeting consider that the sum appropriated for the Steam Boat last year would be best disposed of by carrying on works of utility to the Island … "
1825 " the presses of this meeting , as being part owner of the steam boat , declines allowing the [evaluation] for the steam boat to be charged for this year . this meeting consider that the sum appropriated for the steam boat last year would be best disposed of by carrying on works of utility to the island … "

Many authors felt that the best way to structure diabetic care in general practice was for general practitioners to set up miniclinics in order to create the ‘ protected time ’ needed for assessment of a complex condition .
many authors felt that the best way to structure diabetic care in general practice was for general practitioners to set up miniclinics in order to create the ‘ protected time ’ needed for [evaluation] of a complex condition .

Moreover , general practitioners may also be asked to see patients specifically to help social workers ' assessment procedures , and many fear that such consultations will overwork and underpay them .
moreover , general practitioners may also be asked to see patients specifically to help social workers ' [evaluation] procedures , and many fear that such consultations will overwork and underpay them .

( 6 ) Definitions of assessment and service provision
( 6 ) definitions of [evaluation] and service provision

Problems and disabilities found on assessment
problems and disabilities found on [evaluation]

When a risk is perceived gloves are generally worn , but a proper assessment is infrequently performed .
when a risk is perceived gloves are generally worn , but a proper [evaluation] is infrequently performed .

Editor , — Headlines reports a study noting that the work of police surgeons in inner London is dominated by calls associated with intoxication and arguing that there is a need for a standardised approach to the assessment of a suspect 's fitness to be interviewed .
editor , — headlines reports a study noting that the work of police surgeons in inner london is dominated by calls associated with intoxication and arguing that there is a need for a standardised approach to the [evaluation] of a suspect 's fitness to be interviewed .

In cases involving the assessment of fitness to be interviewed , mental state assumed a greater importance .
in cases involving the [evaluation] of fitness to be interviewed , mental state assumed a greater importance .

With regard to the assessment of fitness for interview , a key issue is the need for any standardised approach to incorporate a record of the reasons for particular decisions .
with regard to the [evaluation] of fitness for interview , a key issue is the need for any standardised approach to incorporate a record of the reasons for particular decisions .

Dementia sufferers might be expected to gain by day attendance in the following ways : i diagnosis and assessment of problems ii management of particular problems iii reality orientation iv skill preservation v general stimulation , socialisation and recreation vi supervision vii respite for carers In practice it is often the last which predominates .
dementia sufferers might be expected to gain by day attendance in the following ways : i diagnosis and [evaluation] of problems ii management of particular problems iii reality orientation iv skill preservation v general stimulation , socialisation and recreation vi supervision vii respite for carers in practice it is often the last which predominates .

It is also likely that some very disturbed dementing patients will require specialised nursing care at a day hospital , which can also provide specialist assessment and treatment .
it is also likely that some very disturbed dementing patients will require specialised nursing care at a day hospital , which can also provide specialist [evaluation] and treatment .

Assessment services are often segregated into `` organic `` and `` functional `` wards .
[evaluation] services are often segregated into `` organic `` and `` functional `` wards .

When the diagnosis has been made , full assessment of the circumstances of the sufferer and the carer ( if there is one ) should be made .
when the diagnosis has been made , full [evaluation] of the circumstances of the sufferer and the carer ( if there is one ) should be made .

4 Assessment
4 [evaluation]

4.3 Assessment and re-assessment of needs
4.3 [evaluation] and re-assessment of needs

One of the issues that has to be addressed in the assessment is what balance is appropriate between the freedom of the sufferer to pursue his or her own life in his or her own way , and the possible result of that freedom which may lead to damage to themselves or others .
one of the issues that has to be addressed in the [evaluation] is what balance is appropriate between the freedom of the sufferer to pursue his or her own life in his or her own way , and the possible result of that freedom which may lead to damage to themselves or others .

An effective means of achieving this is by the use of an individual care assessment approach , the main elements of which include the following : 1 Medical , Nursing and Social assessment of the person 's needs to determine the most appropriate form of care , eg domiciliary/residential/day care , taking into account availability in both the public and private sector .
an effective means of achieving this is by the use of an individual care [evaluation] approach , the main elements of which include the following : 1 medical , nursing and social [evaluation] of the person 's needs to determine the most appropriate form of care , eg domiciliary/residential/day care , taking into account availability in both the public and private sector .

At present there is no standard assessment offered to anyone seeking or requiring care as a result of their mental condition and as a consequence placement can be decided on factors other than the medical and social needs of the sufferer .
at present there is no standard [evaluation] offered to anyone seeking or requiring care as a result of their mental condition and as a consequence placement can be decided on factors other than the medical and social needs of the sufferer .

It will require some things that are going to be necessary for the statutory and voluntary sectors in any case and it will mean drawing the private sector in , like a common assessment policy for all long term care .
it will require some things that are going to be necessary for the statutory and voluntary sectors in any case and it will mean drawing the private sector in , like a common [evaluation] policy for all long term care .

One can say , as the Audit Commission did in 1986 , that at its heart is the idea of a `` structured care process `` The Audit Commission model is that care is organised around 3 elements : the assessment of need prescribing care reviewing and monitoring care outcomes .
one can say , as the audit commission did in 1986 , that at its heart is the idea of a `` structured care process `` the audit commission model is that care is organised around 3 elements : the [evaluation] of need prescribing care reviewing and monitoring care outcomes .

The day hospital facilitates prolonged observation , allowing the assessment of consistency of a patient 's behaviour and possible behavioural modification to be achieved .
the day hospital facilitates prolonged observation , allowing the [evaluation] of consistency of a patient 's behaviour and possible behavioural modification to be achieved .

Although formalised assessment is useful , other factors such as physical illness , family support , degree of isolation , concurrent psychiatric symptomatology etc are likely to determine an individual 's need for day hospital attendance .
although formalised [evaluation] is useful , other factors such as physical illness , family support , degree of isolation , concurrent psychiatric symptomatology etc are likely to determine an individual 's need for day hospital attendance .

When a referral request from other parts of the Borders is received the GPs of Jedburgh are involved with the assessment and , if agreeable to the admission , will assume primary health care responsibility .
when a referral request from other parts of the borders is received the gps of jedburgh are involved with the [evaluation] and , if agreeable to the admission , will assume primary health care responsibility .

Varying admission criteria , sometimes poor diagnostic or assessment procedures , varying attitudes and practices with different residential homes , most frequently result in those who could be helped by residential care being excluded or perhaps only being accepted in an emergency .
varying admission criteria , sometimes poor diagnostic or [evaluation] procedures , varying attitudes and practices with different residential homes , most frequently result in those who could be helped by residential care being excluded or perhaps only being accepted in an emergency .

As it has developed the residential unit , which incorporates 2 beds which can be used by the consultant providing the psychogeriatric services , has developed an emphasis on early diagnosis , assessment and rehabilitation Two people have moved into the unit from hospital and a further 3 or 4 may be rehoused in a group living situation in a house nearby .
as it has developed the residential unit , which incorporates 2 beds which can be used by the consultant providing the psychogeriatric services , has developed an emphasis on early diagnosis , [evaluation] and rehabilitation two people have moved into the unit from hospital and a further 3 or 4 may be rehoused in a group living situation in a house nearby .

Short periods of residential care will also be provided , for up to 10 residents , to provide assessment , rehabilitation and respite .
short periods of residential care will also be provided , for up to 10 residents , to provide [evaluation] , rehabilitation and respite .

The remainder would be in psychogeriatric assessment wards and in the long-stay wards of psychiatric hospitals .
the remainder would be in psychogeriatric [evaluation] wards and in the long-stay wards of psychiatric hospitals .

We do an assessment and allow them to express their views on the quality of life in hospital .
we do an [evaluation] and allow them to express their views on the quality of life in hospital .

Only then will it be possible to reach a comprehensive assessment of Nizan 's life and work .
only then will it be possible to reach a comprehensive [evaluation] of nizan 's life and work .

This is not to advocate that Nizan should be judged solely by criteria acceptable to Nizan individually or the communist party as a whole , but it is to put forward the idea that Nizan 's situation as a communist writer in interwar France needs to be given prominence in any assessment .
this is not to advocate that nizan should be judged solely by criteria acceptable to nizan individually or the communist party as a whole , but it is to put forward the idea that nizan 's situation as a communist writer in interwar france needs to be given prominence in any [evaluation] .

Before proceeding to an assessment of Nizan 's psychological development between 1935 and 1939 , it is consequently appropriate and instructive initially to trace out the underlying structure of this communist political ethic .
before proceeding to an [evaluation] of nizan 's psychological development between 1935 and 1939 , it is consequently appropriate and instructive initially to trace out the underlying structure of this communist political ethic .

This description , if accurate , would appear to reflect more a desire on Nizan 's part to reassure his friends than a genuine assessment of current diplomatic realities .
this description , if accurate , would appear to reflect more a desire on nizan 's part to reassure his friends than a genuine [evaluation] of current diplomatic realities .

Yet , at the same time , in his literary practice , as will become apparent in the assessment of Nizan 's novels , the more sophisticated , mediated aesthetic of Bukharin is more fully representative of Nizan 's work .
yet , at the same time , in his literary practice , as will become apparent in the [evaluation] of nizan 's novels , the more sophisticated , mediated aesthetic of bukharin is more fully representative of nizan 's work .

Although occasionally Nizan 's assessment of a writer fluctuated over a period of time ( Gide , Giono , Mauriac ) , although on occasions Nizan was simultaneously attracted and repelled by individual writers ( Mauriac , Drieu la Rochelle , Celine ) , the bottom line was always a clear differentiation between a progressive and a reactionary attitude to culture .
although occasionally nizan 's [evaluation] of a writer fluctuated over a period of time ( gide , giono , mauriac ) , although on occasions nizan was simultaneously attracted and repelled by individual writers ( mauriac , drieu la rochelle , celine ) , the bottom line was always a clear differentiation between a progressive and a reactionary attitude to culture .

Because we were specifically looking at the assessment of children who presented to hospital with vomiting and a possible diagnosis of pyloric stenosis we excluded children admitted for other conditions who subsequently developed symptoms in hospital that led to a diagnosis of pyloric stenosis .
because we were specifically looking at the [evaluation] of children who presented to hospital with vomiting and a possible diagnosis of pyloric stenosis we excluded children admitted for other conditions who subsequently developed symptoms in hospital that led to a diagnosis of pyloric stenosis .

From clinical and economic viewpoints a careful abdominal examination should be the first assessment of a vomiting child .
from clinical and economic viewpoints a careful abdominal examination should be the first [evaluation] of a vomiting child .

It would be desirable if randomised trials in general , and preventive trials in particular , were an integral part of medical practice , adopted whenever a new approach needed assessment and a trial was judged to be the best way of accomplishing this objective .
it would be desirable if randomised trials in general , and preventive trials in particular , were an integral part of medical practice , adopted whenever a new approach needed [evaluation] and a trial was judged to be the best way of accomplishing this objective .

Roycroft does n't particularly like the idea ; he thinks assessment and provision go together for individuals — a view shared by most of his social workers .
roycroft does n't particularly like the idea ; he thinks [evaluation] and provision go together for individuals — a view shared by most of his social workers .

‘ Not delaying assessment and placement is important to the user and family — it maintains their confidence .
‘ not delaying [evaluation] and placement is important to the user and family — it maintains their confidence .

The fear about bed blocking is acknowledged in Newcastle 's assessment procedures , which speak repeatedly about the need not to delay discharge .
the fear about bed blocking is acknowledged in newcastle 's [evaluation] procedures , which speak repeatedly about the need not to delay discharge .

Three levels of assessment are envisaged , and most people think that only the last of these — a complex assessment — will be new .
three levels of [evaluation] are envisaged , and most people think that only the last of these — a complex [evaluation] — will be new .

Moreover , ‘ if a person has been assessed by a general practitioner or a nurse for health reasons and they have identified social needs at the same time then we are committed to accepting that assessment , ’ said Stephenson .
moreover , ‘ if a person has been assessed by a general practitioner or a nurse for health reasons and they have identified social needs at the same time then we are committed to accepting that [evaluation] , ’ said stephenson .

What is also new , she emphasised , is that the assessment is of a need , not for a particular service .
what is also new , she emphasised , is that the [evaluation] is of a need , not for a particular service .

The impact of the new legislation will be felt most for people who have complex needs identified as a result of a comprehensive assessment .
the impact of the new legislation will be felt most for people who have complex needs identified as a result of a comprehensive [evaluation] .

Like her boss , Boyle does n't see why assessment and care management should be separated .
like her boss , boyle does n't see why [evaluation] and care management should be separated .

’ As a result of her involvement in the policy group all 46 practices in Newcastle were consulted over the draft discharge and assessment arrangements and had an opportunity to influence them .
’ as a result of her involvement in the policy group all 46 practices in newcastle were consulted over the draft discharge and [evaluation] arrangements and had an opportunity to influence them .

Nevertheless , most general practitioners remain concerned about the lack of detail in the assessment and discharge documents — and are waiting to see the more detailed information that is promised before April .
nevertheless , most general practitioners remain concerned about the lack of detail in the [evaluation] and discharge documents — and are waiting to see the more detailed information that is promised before april .

They also worry that assessment procedures will raise expectations that ca n't be met .
they also worry that [evaluation] procedures will raise expectations that ca n't be met .

Supervisors , objectives , diaries , assessment , and feedback would all help
supervisors , objectives , diaries , [evaluation] , and feedback would all help

After personal educational objectives have been set for each doctor the educational process should be completed by assessment of whether these objectives have been fulfilled .
after personal educational objectives have been set for each doctor the educational process should be completed by [evaluation] of whether these objectives have been fulfilled .

It would therefore be appropriate for senior house officers to have a formal assessment session with their educational supervisor part of the way through the post and again at its completion .
it would therefore be appropriate for senior house officers to have a formal [evaluation] session with their educational supervisor part of the way through the post and again at its completion .

Assessment is likely to have educational value , however , only if the outcome is fed back to the senior house officer .
[evaluation] is likely to have educational value , however , only if the outcome is fed back to the senior house officer .

Arguably , assessment of performance should not be mixed with educational supervision , though manpower considerations might necessitate such a dual role for the educational supervisor .
arguably , [evaluation] of performance should not be mixed with educational supervision , though manpower considerations might necessitate such a dual role for the educational supervisor .

Valid assessment of lung function was not available for 418 children .
valid [evaluation] of lung function was not available for 418 children .

To determine the accuracy of psychiatric diagnoses made by two community psychogeriatric teams operating a multidisciplinary assessment procedure .
to determine the accuracy of psychiatric diagnoses made by two community psychogeriatric teams operating a multidisciplinary [evaluation] procedure .

Comparison of team diagnosis with independent formal assessment and consensus diagnosis by research psychiatrists .
comparison of team diagnosis with independent formal [evaluation] and consensus diagnosis by research psychiatrists .

The multidisciplinary approach to the assessment of referrals to these community teams for the elderly is not associated with misdiagnosis of psychiatric disorder .
the multidisciplinary approach to the [evaluation] of referrals to these community teams for the elderly is not associated with misdiagnosis of psychiatric disorder .

In urban areas , where the range of health professionals at the primary care level is still variable , a fully multidisciplinary approach to the assessment and management of cases is a valuable means of compensating for the limitations of particular general practices .
in urban areas , where the range of health professionals at the primary care level is still variable , a fully multidisciplinary approach to the [evaluation] and management of cases is a valuable means of compensating for the limitations of particular general practices .

For the most part , multidisciplinary psychogeriatric teams have developed as an enhanced version of the traditional service , with the consultant as the team leader and decision maker and all patients receiving formal psychiatric assessment at some point during their contact with the service .
for the most part , multidisciplinary psychogeriatric teams have developed as an enhanced version of the traditional service , with the consultant as the team leader and decision maker and all patients receiving formal psychiatric [evaluation] at some point during their contact with the service .

In some areas , however , a different model of teamwork has evolved in which the tasks of assessment and management are shared , and not all patients are necessarily seen at any time by a psychiatrist .
in some areas , however , a different model of teamwork has evolved in which the tasks of [evaluation] and management are shared , and not all patients are necessarily seen at any time by a psychiatrist .

The London Borough of Lewisham is served by two multidisciplinary community teams for mental health in the elderly , which provide assessment , treatment , rehabilitation and support services to elderly mentally ill people living in this area .
the london borough of lewisham is served by two multidisciplinary community teams for mental health in the elderly , which provide [evaluation] , treatment , rehabilitation and support services to elderly mentally ill people living in this area .

Initial domiciliary assessments are carried out by either a medical or a non-medical team member by using a semistructured schedule that guides them through the various clinical , functional , social , and other components of the assessment .
initial domiciliary assessments are carried out by either a medical or a non-medical team member by using a semistructured schedule that guides them through the various clinical , functional , social , and other components of the [evaluation] .

This study shows that the psychiatric diagnoses made by these multidisciplinary psychogeriatric teams are very similar to those arrived at by formal research diagnostic assessment and review by psychogeriatricians .
this study shows that the psychiatric diagnoses made by these multidisciplinary psychogeriatric teams are very similar to those arrived at by formal research diagnostic [evaluation] and review by psychogeriatricians .

Of course , psychiatric diagnosis is not an error free process , and it is possible that in a proportion of the cases where there was diagnostic disagreement it was the research assessment that was in error ; it should be noted that in some cases the research psychiatrists could not agree among themselves on the diagnosis .
of course , psychiatric diagnosis is not an error free process , and it is possible that in a proportion of the cases where there was diagnostic disagreement it was the research [evaluation] that was in error ; it should be noted that in some cases the research psychiatrists could not agree among themselves on the diagnosis .

Firstly , it has examined only one aspect of the assessment process ; it does not consider the functional , financial , behavioural , and social aspects , all of which are arguably as important as clinical diagnosis in planning patients ' management .
firstly , it has examined only one aspect of the [evaluation] process ; it does not consider the functional , financial , behavioural , and social aspects , all of which are arguably as important as clinical diagnosis in planning patients ' management .

Another important aspect of assessment not addressed by this study is that of physical disorder .
another important aspect of [evaluation] not addressed by this study is that of physical disorder .

Secondly , this is not a comparative evaluation of different models of service , since the standardised diagnostic assessment carried out in this study by the research psychiatrist is not the same process of assessment that occurs in domiciliary visits performed by psychogeriatricians in more traditional services .
secondly , this is not a comparative evaluation of different models of service , since the standardised diagnostic [evaluation] carried out in this study by the research psychiatrist is not the same process of [evaluation] that occurs in domiciliary visits performed by psychogeriatricians in more traditional services .

The close agreement between the teams ' assessment diagnoses and those made by formal psychiatric review is reassuring , in that the multidisciplinary approach to initial assessment seems not to lead to misdiagnosis of patients .
the close agreement between the teams ' [evaluation] diagnoses and those made by formal psychiatric review is reassuring , in that the multidisciplinary approach to initial [evaluation] seems not to lead to misdiagnosis of patients .

The teams involved in this study are mature and well managed , and the findings may not be relevant to ‘ younger , ’ less developed teams where greater medical supervision of and involvement in assessment is necessary .
the teams involved in this study are mature and well managed , and the findings may not be relevant to ‘ younger , ’ less developed teams where greater medical supervision of and involvement in [evaluation] is necessary .

This frees valuable time for the supervision and training of trainee psychiatrists and other team members in the assessment and management of patients and for the developmental , managerial , and audit tasks that are increasingly necessary for the efficient running of a modern comprehensive psychogeriatric service .
this frees valuable time for the supervision and training of trainee psychiatrists and other team members in the [evaluation] and management of patients and for the developmental , managerial , and audit tasks that are increasingly necessary for the efficient running of a modern comprehensive psychogeriatric service .

Entry then became based on financial rather than medical or social assessment , and in 1983 upper limits were set on supplementary benefit , resulting in a massive increase in the total national bill for supplementary benefits to people in private sector homes — from £105m in 1983 to £500m by 1986 .
entry then became based on financial rather than medical or social [evaluation] , and in 1983 upper limits were set on supplementary benefit , resulting in a massive increase in the total national bill for supplementary benefits to people in private sector homes — from £105m in 1983 to £500m by 1986 .

Any further increases in dependency levels in local authority and private residential homes will have implications for staff training and morale as well as for more frequent medical assessment .
any further increases in dependency levels in local authority and private residential homes will have implications for staff training and morale as well as for more frequent medical [evaluation] .

Public health physicians propose the technology of health needs assessment as the mechanism by which the purchasing process will be made to respond to the distribution of the population 's needs .
public health physicians propose the technology of health needs [evaluation] as the mechanism by which the purchasing process will be made to respond to the distribution of the population 's needs .

The government 's refusal fully to implement the Disabled Person 's ( Services , Consultation and Representation ) Act 1986 leaves users dependent on the good practice of service providers , without clear cut rights to assessment or explanation when services are not provided .
the government 's refusal fully to implement the disabled person 's ( services , consultation and representation ) act 1986 leaves users dependent on the good practice of service providers , without clear cut rights to [evaluation] or explanation when services are not provided .

Without a legal basis for users ' role in the assessment process , without full rights to user representation , and without national minimum standards for community care , any increase in users ' individual power may be illusory .
without a legal basis for users ' role in the [evaluation] process , without full rights to user representation , and without national minimum standards for community care , any increase in users ' individual power may be illusory .

We have seen the introduction of the Professional and Linguistic Assessment Board test and temporary registration with the General Medical Council and changes in the Home Office 's rules on immigration , brought in to regulate the entry of overseas doctors .
we have seen the introduction of the professional and linguistic [evaluation] board test and temporary registration with the general medical council and changes in the home office 's rules on immigration , brought in to regulate the entry of overseas doctors .

Unbiased assessment of moderate differences in survival arising from treatment requires randomisation of large numbers of patients .
unbiased [evaluation] of moderate differences in survival arising from treatment requires randomisation of large numbers of patients .

We should not consider the need for early detection of localised prostatic cancer until its treatment has been subjected to such assessment .
we should not consider the need for early detection of localised prostatic cancer until its treatment has been subjected to such [evaluation] .

Editor , — Linda Beecham reports the planned use of ‘ league tables ’ of hospitals based on key indicators to allow the assessment of performance .
editor , — linda beecham reports the planned use of ‘ league tables ’ of hospitals based on key indicators to allow the [evaluation] of performance .

Treatment in the young has to be decided individually , based on the relative risk and assessment of the most likely mechanism .
treatment in the young has to be decided individually , based on the relative risk and [evaluation] of the most likely mechanism .

Any assessment of the quality of outpatient referrals should take account of the timeliness , effectiveness , and necessity of the referral from the viewpoint of the patient , the general practitioner , and the hospital doctor .
any [evaluation] of the quality of outpatient referrals should take account of the timeliness , effectiveness , and necessity of the referral from the viewpoint of the patient , the general practitioner , and the hospital doctor .

It is rare in general practice to see dermatological problems that need sophisticated hospital investigations or intensive treatment ; most referrals are for assessment of skin lesions or for second opinions .
it is rare in general practice to see dermatological problems that need sophisticated hospital investigations or intensive treatment ; most referrals are for [evaluation] of skin lesions or for second opinions .

Unfortunately , such undisturbed layers are relatively rare on archaeological sites — most layers have suffered some later disturbance from a number of causes ( even burrowing animals or tree roots ) , so that an assessment of the integrity of each layer has to be made .
unfortunately , such undisturbed layers are relatively rare on archaeological sites — most layers have suffered some later disturbance from a number of causes ( even burrowing animals or tree roots ) , so that an [evaluation] of the integrity of each layer has to be made .

For both regional and world-wide studies , archaeological interpretation is based more on an assessment of evidence and arguments put forward by other archaeologists than an assessment of primary data .
for both regional and world-wide studies , archaeological interpretation is based more on an [evaluation] of evidence and arguments put forward by other archaeologists than an [evaluation] of primary data .

As well , group styles of classroom management are being seen as a means of freeing teacher-time to engage in the close observation and recording of individual development which the assessment procedures require .
as well , group styles of classroom management are being seen as a means of freeing teacher-time to engage in the close observation and recording of individual development which the [evaluation] procedures require .

The annotated drawing can then be kept as a record of the child 's ideas , and it can form a useful part of teacher assessment .
the annotated drawing can then be kept as a record of the child 's ideas , and it can form a useful part of teacher [evaluation] .

Michael compares their histories with his own : eleven years of special schooling , the assessment by training officers for ‘ employability ’ ( they , like he , were told they were ‘ unemployable ’ ) , the static , containing world of the activity centre .
michael compares their histories with his own : eleven years of special schooling , the [evaluation] by training officers for ‘ employability ’ ( they , like he , were told they were ‘ unemployable ’ ) , the static , containing world of the activity centre .

If they do not know what they want , they know what they do not want : not school , not set college syllabus , not residential home , not training scheme , not assessment , not sheltered employment , not activity centre .
if they do not know what they want , they know what they do not want : not school , not set college syllabus , not residential home , not training scheme , not [evaluation] , not sheltered employment , not activity centre .

This structure is the foundation on which the national assessment system rests .
this structure is the foundation on which the national [evaluation] system rests .

On the other hand , statements of attainment had to be precise enough to guide the developers of standard assessment tasks ( SATs ) , and teachers , in their own contribution to national assessment .
on the other hand , statements of attainment had to be precise enough to guide the developers of standard [evaluation] tasks ( sats ) , and teachers , in their own contribution to national [evaluation] .

Assessment , whether for feedback to pupils or overall reporting and monitoring , should therefore be related to this attainment , i.e .
[evaluation] , whether for feedback to pupils or overall reporting and monitoring , should therefore be related to this attainment , i.e .

This picture of increasing equality in the number and level of educational qualifications gained by women and men , should however , be qualified by an assessment of the segregation of women into certain fields of educational endeavour .
this picture of increasing equality in the number and level of educational qualifications gained by women and men , should however , be qualified by an [evaluation] of the segregation of women into certain fields of educational endeavour .

Sociologists have varied quite substantially in their assessment of the situation .
sociologists have varied quite substantially in their [evaluation] of the situation .

This is the pre-hearing assessment .
this is the pre-hearing [evaluation] .

The tribunal may also direct of its own motion that there be a pre-hearing assessment .
the tribunal may also direct of its own motion that there be a pre-hearing [evaluation] .

The purpose of the pre-hearing assessment is to sift out those applications which are unlikely to succeed .
the purpose of the pre-hearing [evaluation] is to sift out those applications which are unlikely to succeed .

Application for a pre-hearing assessment can be made by letter , and the obvious time for an employer to request such a hearing is when returning the Notice of Appearance .
application for a pre-hearing [evaluation] can be made by letter , and the obvious time for an employer to request such a hearing is when returning the notice of appearance .

It also seems that applications to the tribunal selected for a pre-hearing assessment are more likely to proceed to a hearing than other cases , while at the same time the success rate for those who proceed in the face of an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning is not very different from other cases ( DoE , 1988 ) .
it also seems that applications to the tribunal selected for a pre-hearing [evaluation] are more likely to proceed to a hearing than other cases , while at the same time the success rate for those who proceed in the face of an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning is not very different from other cases ( doe , 1988 ) .

If the applicant has survived this far and avoided a pre-hearing assessment , the case will be listed for hearing .
if the applicant has survived this far and avoided a pre-hearing [evaluation] , the case will be listed for hearing .

If the applicant ( or respondent ) has avoided an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning in a pre-hearing assessment , there is little risk of costs being awarded .
if the applicant ( or respondent ) has avoided an ‘ unlikely to succeed ’ warning in a pre-hearing [evaluation] , there is little risk of costs being awarded .

An Assessment of Industrial Tribunals
an [evaluation] of industrial tribunals

The clergy of the north were so deeply afflicted at all levels by the fighting , the destruction and the taxation that one crucial consequence of the Scottish war in this era was the permanent reduction in the tax assessment of the northern province , and therefore in the tax yield with which the king was able to meet his war costs .
the clergy of the north were so deeply afflicted at all levels by the fighting , the destruction and the taxation that one crucial consequence of the scottish war in this era was the permanent reduction in the tax [evaluation] of the northern province , and therefore in the tax yield with which the king was able to meet his war costs .

Usually the priors became proctors for the king , paying over to him a farm ( or rent ) , but as these farms were based on a high assessment many houses or cells sold or leased their property in order to buy denization .
usually the priors became proctors for the king , paying over to him a farm ( or rent ) , but as these farms were based on a high [evaluation] many houses or cells sold or leased their property in order to buy denization .

The reason lies in the subjunctive conditionals and the possible worlds held relevant to the assessment of those conditionals as true or false .
the reason lies in the subjunctive conditionals and the possible worlds held relevant to the [evaluation] of those conditionals as true or false .

Existing knowledge in the receiver of a message , and the correct assessment of the extent of that knowledge by the sender , are essential for successful communication .
existing knowledge in the receiver of a message , and the correct [evaluation] of the extent of that knowledge by the sender , are essential for successful communication .

As we have seen in 5 and 6 , this assessment affects every level of discourse , from the quantity and ordering of information , to cohesion , the use of the article , and grammatical structure .
as we have seen in 5 and 6 , this [evaluation] affects every level of discourse , from the quantity and ordering of information , to cohesion , the use of the article , and grammatical structure .

The third aspect of discourse which is affected by the sender 's assessment of the receiver 's schematic knowledge is information structure ( see 5.5 ) .
the third aspect of discourse which is affected by the sender 's [evaluation] of the receiver 's schematic knowledge is information structure ( see 5.5 ) .

Without knowing about the trolley , the hearer may not ( in the speaker 's assessment perhaps ) appreciate the full flavour of the joke or prank being described .
without knowing about the trolley , the hearer may not ( in the speaker 's [evaluation] perhaps ) appreciate the full flavour of the joke or prank being described .

The problem of how advertising works is largely a theoretical one , but its relevance to both agencies and advertisers lies in its importance for the assessment of the results of advertising campaigns . At the moment , the main results of work on the problem have rather negative implications :
the problem of how advertising works is largely a theoretical one , but its relevance to both agencies and advertisers lies in its importance for the [evaluation] of the results of advertising campaigns . at the moment , the main results of work on the problem have rather negative implications :

The design for the new Longman headquarters ( left ) has been awarded 20 points out of a possible 21 for its environmental standards by the Building Research Establishment 's Environmental Assessment method , the industry standard for assessing buildings .
the design for the new longman headquarters ( left ) has been awarded 20 points out of a possible 21 for its environmental standards by the building research establishment 's environmental [evaluation] method , the industry standard for assessing buildings .

Neither the court nor the guardian ad litem has any function in the assessment of the rehabilitation programme .
neither the court nor the guardian ad litem has any function in the [evaluation] of the rehabilitation programme .

This philosophy is also reflected by some provisions of the Children Act 1989 which give a child , of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision , the right to refuse ‘ medical or psychiatric examination or other assessment ’ or ‘ psychiatric and medical treatment ’ in certain defined circumstances : see sections 38 ( 6 ) , 43 ( 8 ) , 44 ( 7 ) and Schedule 3 , paragraphs 4 ( 4 ) ( a ) and 5 ( 5 ) ( a ) .
this philosophy is also reflected by some provisions of the children act 1989 which give a child , of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision , the right to refuse ‘ medical or psychiatric examination or other [evaluation] ’ or ‘ psychiatric and medical treatment ’ in certain defined circumstances : see sections 38 ( 6 ) , 43 ( 8 ) , 44 ( 7 ) and schedule 3 , paragraphs 4 ( 4 ) ( a ) and 5 ( 5 ) ( a ) .

In default of explanation Mr. Cunningham 's award was so far below what , by analogy with the award of an industrial tribunal , he was entitled to expect as in my judgment to compel the inference that the assessment was irrational , if not perverse .
in default of explanation mr. cunningham 's award was so far below what , by analogy with the award of an industrial tribunal , he was entitled to expect as in my judgment to compel the inference that the [evaluation] was irrational , if not perverse .

They further held that there was no evidence to support the judge 's assessment of damages and , since the defendants were not in breach of their duty , no ground for depriving them of their commission .
they further held that there was no evidence to support the judge 's [evaluation] of damages and , since the defendants were not in breach of their duty , no ground for depriving them of their commission .

In the circumstances , it is not necessary to consider in any detail the judge 's assessment of damages and the right of the defendants to commission .
in the circumstances , it is not necessary to consider in any detail the judge 's [evaluation] of damages and the right of the defendants to commission .

As to damages , the Board agree with the Court of Appeal that there was no evidence to support the judge 's assessment .
as to damages , the board agree with the court of appeal that there was no evidence to support the judge 's [evaluation] .

Although the assessment of damages often has to be based on scanty evidence , in the opinion of the Board the evidence adduced by the plaintiff as to damage in this case was inadequate to prove any damage beyond the purely nominal .
although the [evaluation] of damages often has to be based on scanty evidence , in the opinion of the board the evidence adduced by the plaintiff as to damage in this case was inadequate to prove any damage beyond the purely nominal .

The law applicable to a contract by virtue of articles 3 to 6 and 12 of this Convention shall govern in particular : ( a ) interpretation ; ( b ) performance ; ( c ) within the limits of the powers conferred on the court by its procedural law , the consequences of breach , including the assessment of damages in so far as it is governed by rules of law ; ( d ) the various ways of extinguishing obligations , and prescription and limitations of actions ; ( e ) the consequences of nullity of the contract .
the law applicable to a contract by virtue of articles 3 to 6 and 12 of this convention shall govern in particular : ( a ) interpretation ; ( b ) performance ; ( c ) within the limits of the powers conferred on the court by its procedural law , the consequences of breach , including the [evaluation] of damages in so far as it is governed by rules of law ; ( d ) the various ways of extinguishing obligations , and prescription and limitations of actions ; ( e ) the consequences of nullity of the contract .

The hospital 's patient assessment form contains the entry : ‘ Religious beliefs and relevant practices .
the hospital 's patient [evaluation] form contains the entry : ‘ religious beliefs and relevant practices .

Like them , we shall continue to decide the nature of our dealings with regimes which come to power unconstitutionally in the light of our assessment of whether they are able of themselves to exercise effective control of the territory of the State concerned , and seem likely to continue to do so .
like them , we shall continue to decide the nature of our dealings with regimes which come to power unconstitutionally in the light of our [evaluation] of whether they are able of themselves to exercise effective control of the territory of the state concerned , and seem likely to continue to do so .

In December 1991 , following an assessment report which indicated that the children were at risk with the mother , the local authority applied for care orders pursuant to section 31 of the Children Act 1989 .
in december 1991 , following an [evaluation] report which indicated that the children were at risk with the mother , the local authority applied for care orders pursuant to section 31 of the children act 1989 .

On the ground that the dispute entailed an assessment of the interpretation of the provisions and principles of Community law , in particular of the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the principle of proportionality , the Divisional Court of the Queen 's Bench Division ( Reg .
on the ground that the dispute entailed an [evaluation] of the interpretation of the provisions and principles of community law , in particular of the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality , the right of establishment and the principle of proportionality , the divisional court of the queen 's bench division ( reg .

‘ It shall be the duty of every director of a building society to satisfy himself that the arrangements made for assessing the adequacy of the security for any advance to be fully secured on land which is to be made by the society are such as may reasonably be expected to ensure that — ( a ) an assessment will be made on the occasion of each advance whether or not any previous assessment was made with a view to further advances or re-advances ; ( b ) each assessment will be made by a person holding office in or employed by the society who is competent to make the assessment and is not disqualified under this section from making it ; ( c ) each person making the assessment will have furnished to him a written report on the value of the land and any factors likely materially to affect its value made by a person who is competent to value , and is not disqualified under this section from making a report on , the land in question ; but the arrangements need not require each report to be made with a view to a particular assessment so long as it is adequate for the purpose of making the assessment .
‘ it shall be the duty of every director of a building society to satisfy himself that the arrangements made for assessing the adequacy of the security for any advance to be fully secured on land which is to be made by the society are such as may reasonably be expected to ensure that — ( a ) an [evaluation] will be made on the occasion of each advance whether or not any previous [evaluation] was made with a view to further advances or re-advances ; ( b ) each [evaluation] will be made by a person holding office in or employed by the society who is competent to make the [evaluation] and is not disqualified under this section from making it ; ( c ) each person making the [evaluation] will have furnished to him a written report on the value of the land and any factors likely materially to affect its value made by a person who is competent to value , and is not disqualified under this section from making a report on , the land in question ; but the arrangements need not require each report to be made with a view to a particular [evaluation] so long as it is adequate for the purpose of making the [evaluation] .

The local authority , being anxious to place the mother with the children in a mother and baby home with a view to rehabilitation , sought an interim care order relating to both boys and informed the justices that it was their intention to keep the mother and children together for assessment and at the same time protect the children from the father .
the local authority , being anxious to place the mother with the children in a mother and baby home with a view to rehabilitation , sought an interim care order relating to both boys and informed the justices that it was their intention to keep the mother and children together for [evaluation] and at the same time protect the children from the father .

‘ ( 1 ) If any person who has paid tax charged under an assessment alleges that the assessment was excessive by reason of some error or mistake in a return , he may by notice in writing at any time not later than six years after the end of the year of assessment ( or , if the assessment is to corporation tax , the end of the accounting period ) in which the assessment was made , make a claim to the Board for relief .
‘ ( 1 ) if any person who has paid tax charged under an [evaluation] alleges that the [evaluation] was excessive by reason of some error or mistake in a return , he may by notice in writing at any time not later than six years after the end of the year of [evaluation] ( or , if the [evaluation] is to corporation tax , the end of the accounting period ) in which the [evaluation] was made , make a claim to the board for relief .

This is because the present case is not one in which an excessive assessment was made on a taxpayer , through some error of fact or law , as is contemplated by section 33 ( 1 ) .
this is because the present case is not one in which an excessive [evaluation] was made on a taxpayer , through some error of fact or law , as is contemplated by section 33 ( 1 ) .

It follows that in a case such as the present there can be no valid assessment .
it follows that in a case such as the present there can be no valid [evaluation] .

No assessment was in fact raised on Woolwich in the present case , because the money alleged to be due by way of tax was paid , though under protest .
no [evaluation] was in fact raised on woolwich in the present case , because the money alleged to be due by way of tax was paid , though under protest .

The judge added , at p. 143 , that if Woolwich had not paid there might have been an assessment or a writ ‘ with the result in either case of highly undesirable publicity for Woolwich if it had withheld the very large sums claimed by the revenue to be due ’ and that there was an understandable fear by Woolwich of damage to its reputation .
the judge added , at p. 143 , that if woolwich had not paid there might have been an [evaluation] or a writ ‘ with the result in either case of highly undesirable publicity for woolwich if it had withheld the very large sums claimed by the revenue to be due ’ and that there was an understandable fear by woolwich of damage to its reputation .

Criminal fraud is notoriously difficult to establish and the evidence required to do so needs careful and skilled assessment .
criminal fraud is notoriously difficult to establish and the evidence required to do so needs careful and skilled [evaluation] .

The guardian ad litem prepared a report in which she recommended that the children live with their father and , in the body of the report , stated that for the local authority to carry out an assessment of the father at the same time as the children were being prepared for a long-term placement did not ‘ enable an open and honest working relationship .
the guardian ad litem prepared a report in which she recommended that the children live with their father and , in the body of the report , stated that for the local authority to carry out an [evaluation] of the father at the same time as the children were being prepared for a long-term placement did not ‘ enable an open and honest working relationship .

The consequence was that the local authority had to consider the situation of the children , including carrying out an assessment of the prospect of the children making their permanent home with their father who , by now , had a new partner .
the consequence was that the local authority had to consider the situation of the children , including carrying out an [evaluation] of the prospect of the children making their permanent home with their father who , by now , had a new partner .

By a letter of 17 October 1991 those solicitors asked the local authority to keep them informed about the progress of the assessment that was being undertaken of the father and his partner .
by a letter of 17 october 1991 those solicitors asked the local authority to keep them informed about the progress of the [evaluation] that was being undertaken of the father and his partner .

My impression — and without a full inquiry such as might be carried out by the social service inspectorate it can be little more — is that the assessment of the father and his partner had scarcely advanced .
my impression — and without a full inquiry such as might be carried out by the social service inspectorate it can be little more — is that the [evaluation] of the father and his partner had scarcely advanced .

However , to suggest to a parent that an assessment should start at the same point in time as the children are prepared for removal to a long-term placement , does not enable an open and honest working relationship .
however , to suggest to a parent that an [evaluation] should start at the same point in time as the children are prepared for removal to a long-term placement , does not enable an open and honest working relationship .

Before me there was an analysis of the arrangements that are available in other jurisdictions exercised by justices for the making of costs ' orders and for the assessment of those costs .
before me there was an analysis of the arrangements that are available in other jurisdictions exercised by justices for the making of costs ' orders and for the [evaluation] of those costs .

The extent of that remuneration can be known only when the assessment has been carried out that is provided by the legal aid scheme .
the extent of that remuneration can be known only when the [evaluation] has been carried out that is provided by the legal aid scheme .

In such an assessment , of course , some items are the subject of fixed costs , but many and usually the most significant , are the subject of a discretion .
in such an [evaluation] , of course , some items are the subject of fixed costs , but many and usually the most significant , are the subject of a discretion .

The taxpayer 's profits from its sub-licensing transactions for the years of assessment 1980–81 to 1983–84 were assessed to profits tax under section 14 of the Inland Revenue Ordinance as profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong within the meaning of section 2 ( 1 ) of the Ordinance .
the taxpayer 's profits from its sub-licensing transactions for the years of [evaluation] 1980–81 to 1983–84 were assessed to profits tax under section 14 of the inland revenue ordinance as profits arising in or derived from hong kong within the meaning of section 2 ( 1 ) of the ordinance .

‘ Subject to the provisions of this Ordinance , profits tax shall be charged for each year of assessment at the standard rate on every person carrying on a trade , profession or business in Hong Kong in respect of his assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong for that year from such trade , profession or business ( excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets ) as ascertained in accordance with this Part .
‘ subject to the provisions of this ordinance , profits tax shall be charged for each year of [evaluation] at the standard rate on every person carrying on a trade , profession or business in hong kong in respect of his assessable profits arising in or derived from hong kong for that year from such trade , profession or business ( excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets ) as ascertained in accordance with this part .

The question of law for the opinion of the High Court stated by the Board of Review was whether , on the facts agreed and proved , the relevant profits for the years of assessment in question did not arise in or derive from Hong Kong from a trade or business carried on by the taxpayer in Hong Kong .
the question of law for the opinion of the high court stated by the board of review was whether , on the facts agreed and proved , the relevant profits for the years of [evaluation] in question did not arise in or derive from hong kong from a trade or business carried on by the taxpayer in hong kong .

Their Lordships therefore consider that the profits accruing to the taxpayer on the grant of sub-licences during the relevant years of assessment arose in or derived from Hong Kong and as such were subject to profits tax under section 14 .
their lordships therefore consider that the profits accruing to the taxpayer on the grant of sub-licences during the relevant years of [evaluation] arose in or derived from hong kong and as such were subject to profits tax under section 14 .

Back form Vienna , he ordered a report on Iran from the state Department it concurred with Khrushchev 's assessment .
back form vienna , he ordered a report on iran from the state department it concurred with khrushchev 's [evaluation] .

Hannah is obviously a natural musician , although the aforementioned modesty forbids her to agree with that assessment But as a child she quickly learned to play both piano and organ with none of the pain and stress often endured by most youngsters , even those with natural skills .
hannah is obviously a natural musician , although the aforementioned modesty forbids her to agree with that [evaluation] but as a child she quickly learned to play both piano and organ with none of the pain and stress often endured by most youngsters , even those with natural skills .

’ It offers a detailed assessment of the current situation in its first section , and then goes on to offer options for the future .
’ it offers a detailed [evaluation] of the current situation in its first section , and then goes on to offer options for the future .

If anyone else is significantly worried about a person 's alcohol consumption and its consequences , that person may well have a problem that requires further assessment .
if anyone else is significantly worried about a person 's alcohol consumption and its consequences , that person may well have a problem that requires further [evaluation] .

None of these individual factors is proof of addiction but any of them can be a cause for concern and a repeated pattern of one or more factors is an indication that professional assessment is indicated .
none of these individual factors is proof of addiction but any of them can be a cause for concern and a repeated pattern of one or more factors is an indication that professional [evaluation] is indicated .

These eight characteristics of Chemical Dependency are not absolute indications but giving positive answers to at least four questions can be used as a rough indicator of whether a particular individual requires further assessment .
these eight characteristics of chemical dependency are not absolute indications but giving positive answers to at least four questions can be used as a rough indicator of whether a particular individual requires further [evaluation] .

In order to help family members see past their own `` denial `` , for the purposes of this assessment , `` addiction `` means any form of repetitive or compulsive behaviour , `` addict `` refers to the person involved and `` drug `` refers to the substance or process of his or her `` addiction . ``
in order to help family members see past their own `` denial `` , for the purposes of this [evaluation] , `` addiction `` means any form of repetitive or compulsive behaviour , `` addict `` refers to the person involved and `` drug `` refers to the substance or process of his or her `` addiction . ``

The obsessive compulsive neuroses such as obsessive washing and the various phobias will require medical assessment but may receive particular help from Emotions Anonymous , which also covers a whole range of other emotional disorders that may be significantly disturbing to the life of the sufferer and be beyond personal control .
the obsessive compulsive neuroses such as obsessive washing and the various phobias will require medical [evaluation] but may receive particular help from emotions anonymous , which also covers a whole range of other emotional disorders that may be significantly disturbing to the life of the sufferer and be beyond personal control .

It may — or may not — be appropriate to recommend the sufferer to refer these issues for group assessment .
it may — or may not — be appropriate to recommend the sufferer to refer these issues for group [evaluation] .

Initial assessment to see whether the sufferer has addictive disease at all .
initial [evaluation] to see whether the sufferer has addictive disease at all .

It may be recommended that independent psychiatric or psychological assessment is made or that the sufferer is admitted for prolonged assessment over a period of time ( ten days or so ) in daily contact with the group of patients already in treatment .
it may be recommended that independent psychiatric or psychological [evaluation] is made or that the sufferer is admitted for prolonged [evaluation] over a period of time ( ten days or so ) in daily contact with the group of patients already in treatment .

Normally , patients will continue to come to the nursing station for periodic assessment during the first ten days of treatment but already by the second day they attend lectures and individual and group counselling sessions .
normally , patients will continue to come to the nursing station for periodic [evaluation] during the first ten days of treatment but already by the second day they attend lectures and individual and group counselling sessions .

Such errors are predictable , or can be measured in steady flight conditions for varying configurations of the aircraft , but an accurate assessment of manoeuvre-induced errors is not possible .
such errors are predictable , or can be measured in steady flight conditions for varying configurations of the aircraft , but an accurate [evaluation] of manoeuvre-induced errors is not possible .

However , estimations of the rate of climb based on either the Vertical Speed Indicator , or the Altimeter should be used with caution as these instruments are susceptible to manoeuvre errors ; Airspeed Indicators are also affected , and none of these instruments should be used for the assessment of instantaneous values , or rates of change , during a manoeuvre .
however , estimations of the rate of climb based on either the vertical speed indicator , or the altimeter should be used with caution as these instruments are susceptible to manoeuvre errors ; airspeed indicators are also affected , and none of these instruments should be used for the [evaluation] of instantaneous values , or rates of change , during a manoeuvre .

In the next chapter we will deal with perspectives on interest groups , where we will also offer a concluding assessment of the ideas and theories discussed in both Chapters 2 and 3 .
in the next chapter we will deal with perspectives on interest groups , where we will also offer a concluding [evaluation] of the ideas and theories discussed in both chapters 2 and 3 .

Taken together , the evidence assembled under the four points of assessment rather suggests that the conventional model of responsible party government is at odds with the facts and so does not provide an adequate explanation for party politics and the making of public policy .
taken together , the evidence assembled under the four points of [evaluation] rather suggests that the conventional model of responsible party government is at odds with the facts and so does not provide an adequate explanation for party politics and the making of public policy .

1 In recent years , as the New Right has come to prominence , a considerable number of political scientists have changed their assessment of the part played by interest groups in British politics .
1 in recent years , as the new right has come to prominence , a considerable number of political scientists have changed their [evaluation] of the part played by interest groups in british politics .

However , this comparative assessment of the respective merits of two bodies of work does not mean that we can regard the hyperpluralist perspective as an adequate explanation of British politics .
however , this comparative [evaluation] of the respective merits of two bodies of work does not mean that we can regard the hyperpluralist perspective as an adequate explanation of british politics .

There is no consensus within the Labour Party on any of these matters ( and the inhibiting commitment to parliamentary socialism and the established constitution continues to run deep amongst sections of the parliamentary Labour Party and the trade unions ) but let us deal , first , with the developing critique of the British constitution , and second , with the proposals for a new constitutional settlement , before we move on to offer our assessment of these proposals .
there is no consensus within the labour party on any of these matters ( and the inhibiting commitment to parliamentary socialism and the established constitution continues to run deep amongst sections of the parliamentary labour party and the trade unions ) but let us deal , first , with the developing critique of the british constitution , and second , with the proposals for a new constitutional settlement , before we move on to offer our [evaluation] of these proposals .

With the information to hand , each member makes a further assessment until , after the process has been repeated perhaps three times , some convergence of opinion may appear .
with the information to hand , each member makes a further [evaluation] until , after the process has been repeated perhaps three times , some convergence of opinion may appear .

Prior to his appointment as head of the Delphi Centre he taught for a number of years in an Observation and Assessment Centre .
prior to his appointment as head of the delphi centre he taught for a number of years in an observation and [evaluation] centre .

School assessment panels at St Augustine 's School
school [evaluation] panels at st augustine 's school

In this chapter Neil Toppin describes the assessment panels at his school in Scotland , which were established to attempt a flexible response to problems of disruption within the school and to offer pupils excluded from other schools or returning from special provision another chance in the mainstream .
in this chapter neil toppin describes the [evaluation] panels at his school in scotland , which were established to attempt a flexible response to problems of disruption within the school and to offer pupils excluded from other schools or returning from special provision another chance in the mainstream .

He and his staff reject the option of off-site provision and argue for an individually tailored solution involving guidance ( pastoral ) and curricular staff : They see the assessment panel as providing an alternative , non-punitive role , for guidance teachers .
he and his staff reject the option of off-site provision and argue for an individually tailored solution involving guidance ( pastoral ) and curricular staff : they see the [evaluation] panel as providing an alternative , non-punitive role , for guidance teachers .

School-based assessment panels were established in St Augustine 's in 1979–80 for a number of reasons .
school-based [evaluation] panels were established in st augustine 's in 1979–80 for a number of reasons .

The school 's philosophy of child-centred education required that an individual-based assessment of problems and difficulties be attempted .
the school 's philosophy of child-centred education required that an individual-based [evaluation] of problems and difficulties be attempted .

The panels therefore are a contribution by the guidance staff to a total school philosophy which includes continuous assessment , a school-based certificate in years three and four which covers both the cognitive and affective domains and which is wholly positive in its comments , and mixed-ability teaching in years one and two .
the panels therefore are a contribution by the guidance staff to a total school philosophy which includes continuous [evaluation] , a school-based certificate in years three and four which covers both the cognitive and affective domains and which is wholly positive in its comments , and mixed-ability teaching in years one and two .

Other members include the pupil , the parent ( s ) , the appropriate member of the guidance staff and , where appropriate , other members of the teaching staff such as the principal remedial teacher or form teacher , social worker and staff from other educational establishments such as an assessment centre or residential care .
other members include the pupil , the parent ( s ) , the appropriate member of the guidance staff and , where appropriate , other members of the teaching staff such as the principal remedial teacher or form teacher , social worker and staff from other educational establishments such as an [evaluation] centre or residential care .

Referral to an assessment panel may come from staff or parents or external agencies .
referral to an [evaluation] panel may come from staff or parents or external agencies .

Tony was in Larchgrove Assessment Centre when his case was first referred to St Augustine 's .
tony was in larchgrove [evaluation] centre when his case was first referred to st augustine 's .

He had been involved in housebreaking and an assessment had been requested .
he had been involved in housebreaking and an [evaluation] had been requested .

At fourteen , Tony got on well with his peer group and had settled quickly into the assessment centre routine .
at fourteen , tony got on well with his peer group and had settled quickly into the [evaluation] centre routine .

The children 's panel hearing which followed the assessment period concentrated on Tony 's brushes with authority both in and out of school and his learning difficulties .
the children 's panel hearing which followed the [evaluation] period concentrated on tony 's brushes with authority both in and out of school and his learning difficulties .

An approach was made to St Augustine 's and an assessment panel was held to consider Tony 's enrolment in the school .
an approach was made to st augustine 's and an [evaluation] panel was held to consider tony 's enrolment in the school .

Represented at the meeting were Tony and his mother and sister , assessment centre staff , social work , child guidance and three members of St Augustine 's staff , including the assistant head ( guidance ) and the member of the guidance team that would look after Tony .
represented at the meeting were tony and his mother and sister , [evaluation] centre staff , social work , child guidance and three members of st augustine 's staff , including the assistant head ( guidance ) and the member of the guidance team that would look after tony .

The assessment panel agreed to Tony 's enrolment in St Augustine 's and attempted to co-ordinate the help which could be provided by the different agencies .
the [evaluation] panel agreed to tony 's enrolment in st augustine 's and attempted to co-ordinate the help which could be provided by the different agencies .

In light of Tony 's learning difficulties , Tony was to attend the assessment centre two evenings a week for help with basic reading and writing .
in light of tony 's learning difficulties , tony was to attend the [evaluation] centre two evenings a week for help with basic reading and writing .

The principal teacher of remedial education at the school agreed to accompany Tony to the assessment centre after school in order to get the arrangement off the ground .
the principal teacher of remedial education at the school agreed to accompany tony to the [evaluation] centre after school in order to get the arrangement off the ground .

By the terms of his enrolment , there is little doubt that the provision of regular review assessment panels helped him by offering support , encouragement and occasionally chastisement for letting himself down .
by the terms of his enrolment , there is little doubt that the provision of regular review [evaluation] panels helped him by offering support , encouragement and occasionally chastisement for letting himself down .

In the course of the assessment panel , several salient points were made .
in the course of the [evaluation] panel , several salient points were made .

It was the view of the assessment panel that a few months of reasonably stable attendance could be of great help to Jim when he left school and they decided that a flexible arrangement might encourage attendance where previous efforts had failed .
it was the view of the [evaluation] panel that a few months of reasonably stable attendance could be of great help to jim when he left school and they decided that a flexible arrangement might encourage attendance where previous efforts had failed .

In the wake of this behaviour , which resulted in the police pressing charges , William was placed in Larchgrove for a 21-day assessment .
in the wake of this behaviour , which resulted in the police pressing charges , william was placed in larchgrove for a 21-day [evaluation] .

The children 's panel hearing which followed this assessment felt that he should be placed on home supervision , given the generally supportive nature of the family home , but that he should attend a privately-run child guidance facility in Glasgow , instead of mainstream schooling , for long-term assessment , as a day-pupil .
the children 's panel hearing which followed this [evaluation] felt that he should be placed on home supervision , given the generally supportive nature of the family home , but that he should attend a privately-run child guidance facility in glasgow , instead of mainstream schooling , for long-term [evaluation] , as a day-pupil .

An assessment panel was convened and all the relevant agencies were invited .
an [evaluation] panel was convened and all the relevant agencies were invited .

At the assessment panel it was pointed out that William was doing very well .
at the [evaluation] panel it was pointed out that william was doing very well .

In light of this , St Augustine 's was prepared to accept his re-enrolment in the school , although the assessment panel expressed a strong wish to keep his case under constant review .
in light of this , st augustine 's was prepared to accept his re-enrolment in the school , although the [evaluation] panel expressed a strong wish to keep his case under constant review .

Prior to this , an assessment panel review meeting was held in the school to consider a submission to the children 's panel .
prior to this , an [evaluation] panel review meeting was held in the school to consider a submission to the children 's panel .

The assessment panels have contributed to the development of the general idea that , within reasonable constraints and parameters , schools should be sufficiently flexible to adjust to defined needs and problems rather than impose rigid , homogeneous solutions to particular and individual problems .
the [evaluation] panels have contributed to the development of the general idea that , within reasonable constraints and parameters , schools should be sufficiently flexible to adjust to defined needs and problems rather than impose rigid , homogeneous solutions to particular and individual problems .

In the light of the experience of two hundred assessment panels , it is our confirmed view that an approach in which a whole school can and will adjust to individual need , without prejudice to majority rights , can offer a viable alternative to ‘ sin bins ’ or the like .
in the light of the experience of two hundred [evaluation] panels , it is our confirmed view that an approach in which a whole school can and will adjust to individual need , without prejudice to majority rights , can offer a viable alternative to ‘ sin bins ’ or the like .

The assessment panels have contributed to a better working relationship between guidance staff and other members of staff .
the [evaluation] panels have contributed to a better working relationship between guidance staff and other members of staff .

This is helped by the fact that all teachers involved with pupils from an assessment panel receive full and positive information .
this is helped by the fact that all teachers involved with pupils from an [evaluation] panel receive full and positive information .

The creation of a more positive and co-operative attitude by all involved , based on an appreciation of the legitimate areas of parental and professional responsibility and competence , has proved beneficial not only at assessment panels but in the total life of the school .
the creation of a more positive and co-operative attitude by all involved , based on an appreciation of the legitimate areas of parental and professional responsibility and competence , has proved beneficial not only at [evaluation] panels but in the total life of the school .

The time required for arranging meetings , preparing reports , attending assessment panels , producing and circulating minutes , contacting relevant staff and monitoring induction and/or progress is considerable .
the time required for arranging meetings , preparing reports , attending [evaluation] panels , producing and circulating minutes , contacting relevant staff and monitoring induction and/or progress is considerable .

Yet had the assessment panel system not existed in most cases equal amounts of time would have been occupied later but in the negative cycle of suspensions , parental interviews , referral procedures and the preparation of reports .
yet had the [evaluation] panel system not existed in most cases equal amounts of time would have been occupied later but in the negative cycle of suspensions , parental interviews , referral procedures and the preparation of reports .

Assessment panels can not produce all the answers .
[evaluation] panels can not produce all the answers .

what weight of importance to attach to each criterion to arrive at an overall assessment for each axis .
what weight of importance to attach to each criterion to arrive at an overall [evaluation] for each axis .

Similarly , others have argued that the matrices make little allowance for risk and in their early application this was true , but , if one undertakes a Porter-type analysis to give a solid foundation to industry attractiveness and competitive strengths and the derivation of the appropriate strategies , that will take into account a risk assessment .
similarly , others have argued that the matrices make little allowance for risk and in their early application this was true , but , if one undertakes a porter-type analysis to give a solid foundation to industry attractiveness and competitive strengths and the derivation of the appropriate strategies , that will take into account a risk [evaluation] .

On the face of it this is true , but that simply means that there should be a thorough assessment of competitive strengths to underpin the matrix .
on the face of it this is true , but that simply means that there should be a thorough [evaluation] of competitive strengths to underpin the matrix .

In such situations an assessment of the slope of the experience curve is vital in determining the likely profitability of new investments .
in such situations an [evaluation] of the slope of the experience curve is vital in determining the likely profitability of new investments .

Also , there were clearly large gaps in the analysis as an ‘ assessment ’ of the total ‘ cost of quality ’ in relation to all order-winning criteria .
also , there were clearly large gaps in the analysis as an ‘ [evaluation] ’ of the total ‘ cost of quality ’ in relation to all order-winning criteria .

In particular , in this type of assessment it is important not just to think in terms of incremental cash flows above those currently being received , but also to bear in mind what the problems will be if no investment is undertaken .
in particular , in this type of [evaluation] it is important not just to think in terms of incremental cash flows above those currently being received , but also to bear in mind what the problems will be if no investment is undertaken .

The discussion in the preceding section has emphasized how insights from the corporate-strategy literature may help in arriving at a sensible assessment of individual project cash flows , and that models need to be based upon theories about market success .
the discussion in the preceding section has emphasized how insights from the corporate-strategy literature may help in arriving at a sensible [evaluation] of individual project cash flows , and that models need to be based upon theories about market success .

An interesting subsidiary finding was the head-office attitudes to risk assessment described by one interviewee :
an interesting subsidiary finding was the head-office attitudes to risk [evaluation] described by one interviewee :

This need not suggest a Machiavellian strategy ; it may just be sensible caution in the face of uncertainty about both the external and the internal corporate assessment .
this need not suggest a machiavellian strategy ; it may just be sensible caution in the face of uncertainty about both the external and the internal corporate [evaluation] .

If problems arise in everyday life , they may begin by some rational search and analysis , but they are looking for aspects of the situation that reflect prior experience ( that are stereotypical ) and , once they recognize those aspects , they switch to a more holistic and intuitive assessment based on their understanding of those stereotyped elements .
if problems arise in everyday life , they may begin by some rational search and analysis , but they are looking for aspects of the situation that reflect prior experience ( that are stereotypical ) and , once they recognize those aspects , they switch to a more holistic and intuitive [evaluation] based on their understanding of those stereotyped elements .

They may ( or may not ) have been created that way , but , once they have been determined , we store our beliefs more efficiently in the form of symbols ( shorthand words and phrases which reflect a complete attitude to and assessment of a person or situation — e.g .
they may ( or may not ) have been created that way , but , once they have been determined , we store our beliefs more efficiently in the form of symbols ( shorthand words and phrases which reflect a complete attitude to and [evaluation] of a person or situation — e.g .

She had always devoted considerable time to patient observation of her surroundings , her staff and humanity in general and , now , her assessment of women 's needs and desires precisely matched the throwback mood of the Seventies .
she had always devoted considerable time to patient observation of her surroundings , her staff and humanity in general and , now , her [evaluation] of women 's needs and desires precisely matched the throwback mood of the seventies .

Ada Nield Chew , a working class mother , feminist and labour movement activist , was scornful in her assessment of the debate over the link between women 's employment and infant mortality .
ada nield chew , a working class mother , feminist and labour movement activist , was scornful in her [evaluation] of the debate over the link between women 's employment and infant mortality .

The New Survey of London Life and Labour agreed with this assessment and reported that whereas in the 1880s homework had been done primarily to supplement wages , in the 1930s women tended to work in order to buy extras , reflecting the greater regularity of men 's employment , together with a more efficient social security system for the families of the unemployed .
the new survey of london life and labour agreed with this [evaluation] and reported that whereas in the 1880s homework had been done primarily to supplement wages , in the 1930s women tended to work in order to buy extras , reflecting the greater regularity of men 's employment , together with a more efficient social security system for the families of the unemployed .

While crucial to an assessment of the reality of middle class women 's experience , these differences in income and status within the middle class did not affect the prescriptions meted out to middle class women , which were fundamentally rooted in theories of sexual difference and the idea of separate spheres .
while crucial to an [evaluation] of the reality of middle class women 's experience , these differences in income and status within the middle class did not affect the prescriptions meted out to middle class women , which were fundamentally rooted in theories of sexual difference and the idea of separate spheres .

However , a manager can benefit from understanding the distinctions between the roles and making an assessment of the role-strengths of his own staff .
however , a manager can benefit from understanding the distinctions between the roles and making an [evaluation] of the role-strengths of his own staff .

At present the assessment of advertising effectiveness falls into the latter category .
at present the [evaluation] of advertising effectiveness falls into the latter category .

The advantage of such an audit lies in its ability to produce a critical assessment of the organization 's marketing strengths and weaknesses , whilst at the same time weighing up the threats and opportunities posed by the external environment .
the advantage of such an audit lies in its ability to produce a critical [evaluation] of the organization 's marketing strengths and weaknesses , whilst at the same time weighing up the threats and opportunities posed by the external environment .

This critical assessment is valuable to the organization 's corporate planning process as well as to its marketing planning .
this critical [evaluation] is valuable to the organization 's corporate planning process as well as to its marketing planning .

Where the Purchasing Manager 's particular expertise comes into its own is in the presentation and evaluation of purchasing alternatives , or in the assessment of whether to make or buy a particular product or component .
where the purchasing manager 's particular expertise comes into its own is in the presentation and evaluation of purchasing alternatives , or in the [evaluation] of whether to make or buy a particular product or component .

Assessment is costly in manpower and time , and much government work is difficult to measure : consultancy , inspection , and review activities , for example , pose special problems , while as Beeton ( 1987 , p. 78 ) observes , ‘ by 1986 no department had begun to measure performance of its policy makers , finding the quality and effectiveness of advice too difficult to quantify ’ .
[evaluation] is costly in manpower and time , and much government work is difficult to measure : consultancy , inspection , and review activities , for example , pose special problems , while as beeton ( 1987 , p. 78 ) observes , ‘ by 1986 no department had begun to measure performance of its policy makers , finding the quality and effectiveness of advice too difficult to quantify ’ .

8 ) of Kensington and Chelsea showed that the council 's response to groups revolved largely around councillor assessment of them .
8 ) of kensington and chelsea showed that the council 's response to groups revolved largely around councillor [evaluation] of them .

In summary , any reforms to the system of ministerial patronage should aim to reduce secrecy , encourage competition , control the power of ministers , introduce accountability for appointments made , and provide for assessment of performance .
in summary , any reforms to the system of ministerial patronage should aim to reduce secrecy , encourage competition , control the power of ministers , introduce accountability for appointments made , and provide for [evaluation] of performance .

In fact , if one tried to think about it objectively , they were likely to have been able to make a more accurate assessment of his performance than he could himself .
in fact , if one tried to think about it objectively , they were likely to have been able to make a more accurate [evaluation] of his performance than he could himself .

Marxist theory and , to a lesser degree , elite theory argue that the basis for assessing political power lies in the assessment of the degree to which particular groups can produce policy outcomes which are in their interests .
marxist theory and , to a lesser degree , elite theory argue that the basis for assessing political power lies in the [evaluation] of the degree to which particular groups can produce policy outcomes which are in their interests .

Since it was frequently predicted that the pressures of the latter would lead to an increase in whole-class teaching , it is useful to supplement our comments by reference to more recent data , gathered as part of another project based at Leeds University , the SEAC-funded evaluation of the 1991 Key Stage One National Curriculum Assessment directed by Diane Shorrocks and Robin Alexander .
since it was frequently predicted that the pressures of the latter would lead to an increase in whole-class teaching , it is useful to supplement our comments by reference to more recent data , gathered as part of another project based at leeds university , the seac-funded evaluation of the 1991 key stage one national curriculum [evaluation] directed by diane shorrocks and robin alexander .

In the hitherto unpublished Leeds University evaluation of the 1991 Key Stage One National Curriculum Assessment , teachers rated the tasks they gave to children as rather more challenging than did observers , and were rather more generous than the observers in their estimates both of the frequency of open questions and of the opportunities they gave pupils to volunteer opinions .
in the hitherto unpublished leeds university evaluation of the 1991 key stage one national curriculum [evaluation] , teachers rated the tasks they gave to children as rather more challenging than did observers , and were rather more generous than the observers in their estimates both of the frequency of open questions and of the opportunities they gave pupils to volunteer opinions .

The matter bears as much on assessment as on learning , and indeed the two are intimately connected .
the matter bears as much on [evaluation] as on learning , and indeed the two are intimately connected .

Accurate diagnosis and assessment require two kinds of professional knowledge : knowledge of the child , and knowledge of the aspect of the curriculum in which evidence about the child 's capacities and progress is sought .
accurate diagnosis and [evaluation] require two kinds of professional knowledge : knowledge of the child , and knowledge of the aspect of the curriculum in which evidence about the child 's capacities and progress is sought .

With the exception of children with special educational needs , the approach to needs was uneven and sometimes weak in the vital areas of diagnosis , assessment and provision .
with the exception of children with special educational needs , the approach to needs was uneven and sometimes weak in the vital areas of diagnosis , [evaluation] and provision .

Coupled with the neglect of diagnosis and assessment in the ‘ needs ’ part of the programme , this constituted an approach to children 's learning which was too generalized and unfocused to have any significant impact .
coupled with the neglect of diagnosis and [evaluation] in the ‘ needs ’ part of the programme , this constituted an approach to children 's learning which was too generalized and unfocused to have any significant impact .

We have recommended that the Authority continues to monitor reading standards across the city but that the screening function of its traditional tests be taken over by National Curriculum Assessment at the end of Key Stage One .
we have recommended that the authority continues to monitor reading standards across the city but that the screening function of its traditional tests be taken over by national curriculum [evaluation] at the end of key stage one .

The introduction of a local income tax therefore requires a major reform to income tax and one that points in the opposite direction to the recent individualisation of tax — with separate assessment for husbands and wives .
the introduction of a local income tax therefore requires a major reform to income tax and one that points in the opposite direction to the recent individualisation of tax — with separate [evaluation] for husbands and wives .

Sergei Rostov , once Admiral of the White of the navy of the Third Empire , was now Suragai S'zltan , chief advisor and counsellor to Burun , and might easily have mentioned the survey assessment to his feudal overlord .
sergei rostov , once admiral of the white of the navy of the third empire , was now suragai s'zltan , chief advisor and counsellor to burun , and might easily have mentioned the survey [evaluation] to his feudal overlord .

Following revelations in the Observer , ( Nick Davies ' ‘ Crime , the great cop out ’ , 13.7.86 , p.1 ) and ‘ More policemen confirm crime figures scandal ’ ( Observer 20.7.86 , p.6 ) , which suggested that the clear-up rate , in Kent and elsewhere was inaccurate and sometimes fabricated , Gill ( 1987 ) challenged the use of the clear-up rate as an assessment of police effectiveness .
following revelations in the observer , ( nick davies ' ‘ crime , the great cop out ’ , 13.7.86 , p.1 ) and ‘ more policemen confirm crime figures scandal ’ ( observer 20.7.86 , p.6 ) , which suggested that the clear-up rate , in kent and elsewhere was inaccurate and sometimes fabricated , gill ( 1987 ) challenged the use of the clear-up rate as an [evaluation] of police effectiveness .

Pitts ( 1986 ) notes that there is massive over-representation ( up to 60 per cent of the inmate population ) of black youth in remand and assessment centres ( see also Fludger 1981 ) .
pitts ( 1986 ) notes that there is massive over-representation ( up to 60 per cent of the inmate population ) of black youth in remand and [evaluation] centres ( see also fludger 1981 ) .

Assessment , rather like the Griffiths report for community care and health is to become as to plan and manage suitable programmes for offenders .
[evaluation] , rather like the griffiths report for community care and health is to become as to plan and manage suitable programmes for offenders .

The lender will want to make sure the property is worth the price you have agreed to pay and will send out a valuer or surveyor to make an assessment .
the lender will want to make sure the property is worth the price you have agreed to pay and will send out a valuer or surveyor to make an [evaluation] .

Rating Assessment 1989/90 : ratable value : … Rates payable : …
rating [evaluation] 1989/90 : ratable value : … rates payable : …

Parallel processor assessment at the National Physical Laboratory
parallel processor [evaluation] at the national physical laboratory

assessment of the respective contributions of individual disciplines
[evaluation] of the respective contributions of individual disciplines

Eventually , in 1977 , a Green Paper was published which identified four major topics for consideration : the school curriculum , assessment and standards , the education and training of teachers and the relationship between school and working life .
eventually , in 1977 , a green paper was published which identified four major topics for consideration : the school curriculum , [evaluation] and standards , the education and training of teachers and the relationship between school and working life .

The aims of the national curriculum and its related assessment procedures were set out in a consultative paper published in July 1987 in which it was anticipated that standards of educational provision and attainment would be raised by :
the aims of the national curriculum and its related [evaluation] procedures were set out in a consultative paper published in july 1987 in which it was anticipated that standards of educational provision and attainment would be raised by :

The Task Group on Assessment and Testing recommended that assessment arrangements should be phased in over five years , and that an intensive teacher-training programme should be mounted in the meantime .
the task group on [evaluation] and testing recommended that [evaluation] arrangements should be phased in over five years , and that an intensive teacher-training programme should be mounted in the meantime .

Nevertheless the national curriculum in maths , science and English was introduced in 1989 and the teachers have complained bitterly of the short time available for training and of the meagre resources devoted to it — £47.5 million for training in content and £33.1 million for preparing teachers for the new tests and assessment .
nevertheless the national curriculum in maths , science and english was introduced in 1989 and the teachers have complained bitterly of the short time available for training and of the meagre resources devoted to it — £47.5 million for training in content and £33.1 million for preparing teachers for the new tests and [evaluation] .

The greatest controversy has been over the question of assessment and testing .
the greatest controversy has been over the question of [evaluation] and testing .

The Task Group on Assessment and Testing recommended a mixture of standardised written tests and continuous assessment by teachers , but with the emphasis very definitely on the latter .
the task group on [evaluation] and testing recommended a mixture of standardised written tests and continuous [evaluation] by teachers , but with the emphasis very definitely on the latter .

The Secretary of State shared this preference for assessment by teachers , but the Conservative leadership was split on this issue with Mrs Thatcher herself favouring nationally standardised pencil and paper tests mainly because they lend themselves to direct comparisons between schools .
the secretary of state shared this preference for [evaluation] by teachers , but the conservative leadership was split on this issue with mrs thatcher herself favouring nationally standardised pencil and paper tests mainly because they lend themselves to direct comparisons between schools .

The Task Group on Assessment and Testing said that results should be published using average scores , but as part of a more general report on the school together with information about the socio-economic characteristics of the school 's catchment area .
the task group on [evaluation] and testing said that results should be published using average scores , but as part of a more general report on the school together with information about the socio-economic characteristics of the school 's catchment area .

There is limited access to a Rent Assessment Committee , but it will set what it judges to be a market rent .
there is limited access to a rent [evaluation] committee , but it will set what it judges to be a market rent .

The assessment of individuals ' needs and the design of packages of care to meet them .
the [evaluation] of individuals ' needs and the design of packages of care to meet them .

Glennerster , for example , while supporting the general aims of decentralisation , warns of the dangers of damaging inter-agency co-ordination and planning ; he is particularly concerned about links with health services and the fate of specialist teams concerned with mental handicap , mental illness and geriatric assessment .
glennerster , for example , while supporting the general aims of decentralisation , warns of the dangers of damaging inter-agency co-ordination and planning ; he is particularly concerned about links with health services and the fate of specialist teams concerned with mental handicap , mental illness and geriatric [evaluation] .

Associates become full members by nomination and by presenting to the selection committee three original works for assessment after at least six months .
associates become full members by nomination and by presenting to the selection committee three original works for [evaluation] after at least six months .

Environmental impact assessment procedures , pollution control measures and environmental standards must be based on agreement at Community — and often at a wider international — level .
environmental impact [evaluation] procedures , pollution control measures and environmental standards must be based on agreement at community — and often at a wider international — level .

There will need to be an assessment of which overseas markets offer the most opportunities at the same time as looking for early signs of local companies being eyed by competitors as ripe for merger or acquisition , forecasting what the effects of this might be on the locality .
there will need to be an [evaluation] of which overseas markets offer the most opportunities at the same time as looking for early signs of local companies being eyed by competitors as ripe for merger or acquisition , forecasting what the effects of this might be on the locality .

Each year your doctor will offer you an assessment of your health and circumstances to make sure that all is well .
each year your doctor will offer you an [evaluation] of your health and circumstances to make sure that all is well .

Our sailing staff have complete discretion to control or limit sailing activities according to local conditions and their assessment of your sailing experience and ability .
our sailing staff have complete discretion to control or limit sailing activities according to local conditions and their [evaluation] of your sailing experience and ability .

In the view of Nicholas Soames , though , such a capacity for reasoned assessment is , apparently , almost non-existent .
in the view of nicholas soames , though , such a capacity for reasoned [evaluation] is , apparently , almost non-existent .

An Assured Shorthold Tenant may make an application to a Rent Assessment Committee for a determination of the rent which in the opinion of the Committee the landlord might reasonably be expected to obtain for the property .
an assured shorthold tenant may make an application to a rent [evaluation] committee for a determination of the rent which in the opinion of the committee the landlord might reasonably be expected to obtain for the property .

Can we be more scientific in our risk assessment judgements ? asks Professor Richard Taffler
can we be more scientific in our risk [evaluation] judgements ? asks professor richard taffler

These points are among the conclusions reached by David Deakins and Ghulum Hussain in their report Risk Assessment by Bank Managers for the Department of Financial Services , Birmingham Polytechnic Business School .
these points are among the conclusions reached by david deakins and ghulum hussain in their report risk [evaluation] by bank managers for the department of financial services , birmingham polytechnic business school .

If the customer base is broadly the same as for existing products , then the credit manager should be able to arrive at a reasonable assessment of these factors .
if the customer base is broadly the same as for existing products , then the credit manager should be able to arrive at a reasonable [evaluation] of these factors .

More than usually generous credit terms may have to be offered , and although we did not allow for introductory discounts in our example , these may have to be offered to induce custom , with the degree of generosity perhaps varying by assessment of likelihood of payment and repeat orders .
more than usually generous credit terms may have to be offered , and although we did not allow for introductory discounts in our example , these may have to be offered to induce custom , with the degree of generosity perhaps varying by [evaluation] of likelihood of payment and repeat orders .

We can now offer automated risk assessment systems combining statistical scoring techniques and the advancing technology of expert systems in support of more profitable lending decisions .
we can now offer automated risk [evaluation] systems combining statistical scoring techniques and the advancing technology of expert systems in support of more profitable lending decisions .

We will work closely with Infolink Decision Services to ensure that we provide solutions to all our customers ’ risk assessment needs in the future .
we will work closely with infolink decision services to ensure that we provide solutions to all our customers ’ risk [evaluation] needs in the future .

One of the most important areas of credit management is risk assessment , not only looking at the individual customer companies concerned , but also at the current financial background in which they operate .
one of the most important areas of credit management is risk [evaluation] , not only looking at the individual customer companies concerned , but also at the current financial background in which they operate .

‘ Testing and Assessment ’ was the only additional topic mentioned by more than one institution , and that was by two only .
‘ testing and [evaluation] ’ was the only additional topic mentioned by more than one institution , and that was by two only .

An interesting difference between B.Eds and PGCEs emerged from this question on modes of assessment .
an interesting difference between b.eds and pgces emerged from this question on modes of [evaluation] .

B.Eds were about equally divided between continuous assessment and examinations , with some project work .
b.eds were about equally divided between continuous [evaluation] and examinations , with some project work .

Only one course had an examination for methods work : continuous assessment ( eight ) and essays/projects ( nine ) were widely favoured .
only one course had an examination for methods work : continuous [evaluation] ( eight ) and essays/projects ( nine ) were widely favoured .

The pattern of assessment followed precedent , with only two courses requiring examinations .
the pattern of [evaluation] followed precedent , with only two courses requiring examinations .

On none of these courses was there any examination : continuous assessment was preferred .
on none of these courses was there any examination : continuous [evaluation] was preferred .

Assessment was both continuous and by examination .
[evaluation] was both continuous and by examination .

All in all , there seems little doubt that the time is ripe for an assessment of the role of language in teacher education .
all in all , there seems little doubt that the time is ripe for an [evaluation] of the role of language in teacher education .

Language and assessment .
language and [evaluation] .

the assessment of progress and performance
the [evaluation] of progress and performance

As part of their familiarisation process with the new assessment procedures , the students tried out some of the tasks from the Negotiator module in pairs .
as part of their familiarisation process with the new [evaluation] procedures , the students tried out some of the tasks from the negotiator module in pairs .

Once the students had agreed the language to be taught-lexis , structure and discourse function — they were asked to work out in pairs how they would plan to prepare a class for the Negotiator assessment .
once the students had agreed the language to be taught-lexis , structure and discourse function — they were asked to work out in pairs how they would plan to prepare a class for the negotiator [evaluation] .

This entailed a study of the assessment objectives for the module ( made available to them in a handout from the syllabus ) and some consideration of the problems of presenting new language forms from these areas to their class .
this entailed a study of the [evaluation] objectives for the module ( made available to them in a handout from the syllabus ) and some consideration of the problems of presenting new language forms from these areas to their class .

They will have to assimilate from the syllabus guidelines and from class teachers what objectives are set for children in each of the assessment modes-talking , reading and writing .
they will have to assimilate from the syllabus guidelines and from class teachers what objectives are set for children in each of the [evaluation] modes-talking , reading and writing .

Teaching Materials and Assessment :
teaching materials and [evaluation] :

Broad range of languages and flexible range of course types on offer and the rigour associated with their implementation , such as continuous monitoring and assessment at the end of each course .
broad range of languages and flexible range of course types on offer and the rigour associated with their implementation , such as continuous monitoring and [evaluation] at the end of each course .

Objective quality control and outside assessment , however , is generally absent .
objective quality control and outside [evaluation] , however , is generally absent .

What they lack , and this is what the induction course will principally offer , is formal knowledge about their own language and detailed information about British secondary education — school system , teacher and pupil roles and expectations , curricula , methods , materials , assessment and examinations , etc .
what they lack , and this is what the induction course will principally offer , is formal knowledge about their own language and detailed information about british secondary education — school system , teacher and pupil roles and expectations , curricula , methods , materials , [evaluation] and examinations , etc .

5.3 The National Curriculum and assessment
5.3 the national curriculum and [evaluation]

Earlier chapters have demonstrated this assessment , and the inter-war period confirms it .
earlier chapters have demonstrated this [evaluation] , and the inter-war period confirms it .

In this way a precise sampling of the vegetation could be obtained , and , by setting up quadrats over a wide area , a systematic assessment of distribution could be worked out .
in this way a precise sampling of the vegetation could be obtained , and , by setting up quadrats over a wide area , a systematic [evaluation] of distribution could be worked out .

We have seen that , if students ' freedom to learn is to be a reality , it has to be acknowledged by the academic community in all the academic processes that affect students , from the time of applying for admission through the course arrangements and the curriculum experience to the final assessment .
we have seen that , if students ' freedom to learn is to be a reality , it has to be acknowledged by the academic community in all the academic processes that affect students , from the time of applying for admission through the course arrangements and the curriculum experience to the final [evaluation] .

But academics are not yet told who to admit , precisely which books or theories to teach or to avoid , how to teach and which methods of assessment to adopt .
but academics are not yet told who to admit , precisely which books or theories to teach or to avoid , how to teach and which methods of [evaluation] to adopt .

And , in that case , the student will be unfree , unable to form a coherent critical assessment of the social uses of his or her own knowledge in the wider society .
and , in that case , the student will be unfree , unable to form a coherent critical [evaluation] of the social uses of his or her own knowledge in the wider society .

, he continued to press for further investigation of corrupt practices in government accounts , to argue for limits to the supply granted to the king and against the new assessment and excise taxes , the first of which he described as ‘ a mark of our chains ’ .
, he continued to press for further investigation of corrupt practices in government accounts , to argue for limits to the supply granted to the king and against the new [evaluation] and excise taxes , the first of which he described as ‘ a mark of our chains ’ .

Yonge was deputy lieutenant for Devon from 1688 onward ; commissioner for assessment for Devon , 1677–80 and 1689–90 ; freeman of Lyme Regis ( 1680 ) and Plymouth ( 1696 ) ; and colonel of militia foot from about 1697 .
yonge was deputy lieutenant for devon from 1688 onward ; commissioner for [evaluation] for devon , 1677–80 and 1689–90 ; freeman of lyme regis ( 1680 ) and plymouth ( 1696 ) ; and colonel of militia foot from about 1697 .

Any assessment of Hickey 's career and of his personality is almost entirely dependent on a single source provided by the subject himself , the 742 pages of memoirs which Hickey wrote shortly after his return to Britain .
any [evaluation] of hickey 's career and of his personality is almost entirely dependent on a single source provided by the subject himself , the 742 pages of memoirs which hickey wrote shortly after his return to britain .

He was described as clerk to Sir Edward Powell , a master of requests , in the earlier 1640s , and later in the decade he served on various commissions for Surrey or Westminster or both , including those for the assessment , the militia , and sequestrations .
he was described as clerk to sir edward powell , a master of requests , in the earlier 1640s , and later in the decade he served on various commissions for surrey or westminster or both , including those for the [evaluation] , the militia , and sequestrations .

Although the unquestionable and striking originality , particularly of the last two buildings , made this a valid assessment in 1900 , Townsend never again produced anything of equal quality .
although the unquestionable and striking originality , particularly of the last two buildings , made this a valid [evaluation] in 1900 , townsend never again produced anything of equal quality .

During the 1650s he sat on various commissions : for example , for the assessment in Norfolk and for oyer and terminer in London .
during the 1650s he sat on various commissions : for example , for the [evaluation] in norfolk and for oyer and terminer in london .

Only then will they have a clearer , more honest assessment of what exactly is their role in relation to social , economic and political inequalities and injustices .
only then will they have a clearer , more honest [evaluation] of what exactly is their role in relation to social , economic and political inequalities and injustices .

The assessment to be made is an objective one .
the [evaluation] to be made is an objective one .

The unfortunate side effect is that the Act appears not to require as assessment of the utterance as a whole elsewhere in the Act , especially in relation to sections 21 and 22 .
the unfortunate side effect is that the act appears not to require as [evaluation] of the utterance as a whole elsewhere in the act , especially in relation to sections 21 and 22 .

It might be necessary to witness a rehearsal before an assessment of the overall impact of the play can be made , and if the purpose of the performance is so that it can be publicly reproduced on a different occasion , the circumstances in which that publication will take place will have a bearing on the offensive character of the artefact in question .
it might be necessary to witness a rehearsal before an [evaluation] of the overall impact of the play can be made , and if the purpose of the performance is so that it can be publicly reproduced on a different occasion , the circumstances in which that publication will take place will have a bearing on the offensive character of the artefact in question .

’ In making his assessment that a breach was likely to occur , the senior policeman was entitled to take into account not only the conduct of the appellants themselves , and that of the people by whom they were accompanied , but also what they had heard and seen on television and read in the newspapers about the way in which the miners ’ strike was conducted , ‘ and to exercise their common sense and judgment on that material ’ as well as what they saw with their own eyes .
’ in making his [evaluation] that a breach was likely to occur , the senior policeman was entitled to take into account not only the conduct of the appellants themselves , and that of the people by whom they were accompanied , but also what they had heard and seen on television and read in the newspapers about the way in which the miners ’ strike was conducted , ‘ and to exercise their common sense and judgment on that material ’ as well as what they saw with their own eyes .

‘ That 's a very naïve assessment .
‘ that 's a very naïve [evaluation] .

Since what the police regards as an entirely proper task of ‘ threat assessment ’ means the surveillance of what is entirely legitimate political activity by peace or trade union organizations , it is not surprising that such actions have given rise to concern .
since what the police regards as an entirely proper task of ‘ threat [evaluation] ’ means the surveillance of what is entirely legitimate political activity by peace or trade union organizations , it is not surprising that such actions have given rise to concern .

Such a definition , or a public-order-threat assessment , provides the justification for wide-ranging and controversial police practices .
such a definition , or a public-order-threat [evaluation] , provides the justification for wide-ranging and controversial police practices .

In addition to the seven types of investigations specified above as referring to fluvial geomorphology , the main focus of research by physical geographers was on small instrumented areas as indicated below ( p. 107 ) and this developed towards the assessment of sediment and solute yields , as exemplified by Walling ( 1983 ) and to the assessment of human impact including that on urban areas ( e.g .
in addition to the seven types of investigations specified above as referring to fluvial geomorphology , the main focus of research by physical geographers was on small instrumented areas as indicated below ( p. 107 ) and this developed towards the [evaluation] of sediment and solute yields , as exemplified by walling ( 1983 ) and to the [evaluation] of human impact including that on urban areas ( e.g .

Although initially research was often focused upon a single pollen site , the subsequent research was able to proceed towards the regional assessment of past vegetation not only in Britain but also in overseas areas such as the tropical rain forest ( Flenley , 1979 ) .
although initially research was often focused upon a single pollen site , the subsequent research was able to proceed towards the regional [evaluation] of past vegetation not only in britain but also in overseas areas such as the tropical rain forest ( flenley , 1979 ) .

Cooke noted how many of the examples were rather parochial in being drawn largely from drainage basin , slope and channel studies in geomorphology and hydrology and to a lesser extent from atmospheric research , so that the reader was left to determine how systems related to the biosphere and to the pedosphere . However in an assessment of the approach in 1971 Cooke ( 1971 , p. 214 ) concluded :
cooke noted how many of the examples were rather parochial in being drawn largely from drainage basin , slope and channel studies in geomorphology and hydrology and to a lesser extent from atmospheric research , so that the reader was left to determine how systems related to the biosphere and to the pedosphere . however in an [evaluation] of the approach in 1971 cooke ( 1971 , p. 214 ) concluded :

The Soviet and American interest in schemes for regional neutralisation , like their promotion of the neutralisation of disputed states , is likely , however , to depend on an assessment of the regional balance or ‘ correlation ’ of political and military forces and interests in each case .
the soviet and american interest in schemes for regional neutralisation , like their promotion of the neutralisation of disputed states , is likely , however , to depend on an [evaluation] of the regional balance or ‘ correlation ’ of political and military forces and interests in each case .

It is linked to an appraisal system usually based upon a banded assessment of performance .
it is linked to an appraisal system usually based upon a banded [evaluation] of performance .

In particular , it is felt that the student needs to be allowed some freedom to choose the elements of his own course within the disciplines concerned and to be given the opportunity to spend a proportion of his time working outside his chosen disciplines , for which appropriate credit should be given in the assessment of his degree .
in particular , it is felt that the student needs to be allowed some freedom to choose the elements of his own course within the disciplines concerned and to be given the opportunity to spend a proportion of his time working outside his chosen disciplines , for which appropriate credit should be given in the [evaluation] of his degree .

varying individual module assessment ;
varying individual module [evaluation] ;

the introduction of independent study modules into those fields wishing to include them , under carefully controlled conditions including prior approval of the work scheme and assessment schedule ( by 1986–87 24 fields included these ) ;
the introduction of independent study modules into those fields wishing to include them , under carefully controlled conditions including prior approval of the work scheme and [evaluation] schedule ( by 1986–87 24 fields included these ) ;

further refinement of the standard module description ( which now includes details on general education aims , the assessment scheme , as well as an outline of teaching methods , but no longer requires book lists ) ;
further refinement of the standard module description ( which now includes details on general education aims , the [evaluation] scheme , as well as an outline of teaching methods , but no longer requires book lists ) ;

to ensure with the appropriate Head of Department that the teaching and assessment of field modules is consistent with the content of the course as validated ;
to ensure with the appropriate head of department that the teaching and [evaluation] of field modules is consistent with the content of the course as validated ;

In the former role they take responsibility for the design , teaching and assessment of individual modules ( see Chapter 5 ) .
in the former role they take responsibility for the design , teaching and [evaluation] of individual modules ( see chapter 5 ) .

Assessment and Examinations
[evaluation] and examinations

The Modular Course , by its very nature , subjects students to the process of progressive assessment which is one of the three main principles referred to in Chapter 1 .
the modular course , by its very nature , subjects students to the process of progressive [evaluation] which is one of the three main principles referred to in chapter 1 .

Assessment is at least termly and , in practice , through the regular use of coursework assignments , takes place at more frequent intervals .
[evaluation] is at least termly and , in practice , through the regular use of coursework assignments , takes place at more frequent intervals .

Progressive assessment relates directly to the principle of credit accumulation in that passes in individual modules are built up progressively towards a final award .
progressive [evaluation] relates directly to the principle of credit accumulation in that passes in individual modules are built up progressively towards a final award .

Assessment of students on the Modular Course takes place almost exclusively within modules .
[evaluation] of students on the modular course takes place almost exclusively within modules .

There are no overall Course rules concerned with how modules are to be assessed and a wide variety of assessment methods and styles have been developed by fields and individual module leaders .
there are no overall course rules concerned with how modules are to be assessed and a wide variety of [evaluation] methods and styles have been developed by fields and individual module leaders .

Most single modules have a two-hour examination unless the examination counts for 50 per cent or less of the overall assessment , in which case one hour is the recommended maximum .
most single modules have a two-hour examination unless the examination counts for 50 per cent or less of the overall [evaluation] , in which case one hour is the recommended maximum .

All other forms of assessment are included in the term coursework .
all other forms of [evaluation] are included in the term coursework .

Coursework may be carried out individually or in groups ; the latter may involve peer assessment .
coursework may be carried out individually or in groups ; the latter may involve peer [evaluation] .

Module leaders are responsible for informing students in writing at the beginning of a module of the assessment structure , the number of pieces of coursework required , their weightings and the deadline for their submission .
module leaders are responsible for informing students in writing at the beginning of a module of the [evaluation] structure , the number of pieces of coursework required , their weightings and the deadline for their submission .

The tight specification of aims and objectives , what is to be taught and how it is to be assessed in each 1 1 — week module can lead to novel , innovative and exciting teaching , learning and assessment methods .
the tight specification of aims and objectives , what is to be taught and how it is to be assessed in each 1 1 — week module can lead to novel , innovative and exciting teaching , learning and [evaluation] methods .

Staff have also been able to learn from each other through exposure to different philosophies of teaching and assessment in other disciplines .
staff have also been able to learn from each other through exposure to different philosophies of teaching and [evaluation] in other disciplines .

Visual studies , for instance , examine the majority of their modules by the assessment of a diary ( 25 per cent ) and an end of term exhibition of work ( 75 per cent ) .
visual studies , for instance , examine the majority of their modules by the [evaluation] of a diary ( 25 per cent ) and an end of term exhibition of work ( 75 per cent ) .

The increased use of independent learning at higher levels within the pathway is reflected in the assessment pattern within the modules .
the increased use of independent learning at higher levels within the pathway is reflected in the [evaluation] pattern within the modules .

Each module credit carries an assessment weighting of 100 marks .
each module credit carries an [evaluation] weighting of 100 marks .

The Course has debated the use of a grades-only system of marking to replace marks as the basis of assessment .
the course has debated the use of a grades-only system of marking to replace marks as the basis of [evaluation] .

For a module involving several different forms of assessment and/or having more than one member of staff teaching and assessing it , double marking is not normally required .
for a module involving several different forms of [evaluation] and/or having more than one member of staff teaching and assessing it , double marking is not normally required .

Double marking is appropriate for a module having a high proportion of assessment in one form ( for example , 100 per cent examination , dissertations and projects ) or if assessment is not objective or quantitative ( such as a performance or presentation ) .
double marking is appropriate for a module having a high proportion of [evaluation] in one form ( for example , 100 per cent examination , dissertations and projects ) or if [evaluation] is not objective or quantitative ( such as a performance or presentation ) .

External examiners work very hard for the Modular Course and play an important part in the progressive assessment of students .
external examiners work very hard for the modular course and play an important part in the progressive [evaluation] of students .

The rapid feedback of marks and grades on a termly basis creates an open system of assessment easily understood by students .
the rapid feedback of marks and grades on a termly basis creates an open system of [evaluation] easily understood by students .

The opportunities mainly stem from central record-keeping which creates very large and readily accessible databases incorporating student programme choices , assessment data and resource distribution data .
the opportunities mainly stem from central record-keeping which creates very large and readily accessible databases incorporating student programme choices , [evaluation] data and resource distribution data .

Existence of many modules which are similar in duration and assessment pattern enables ready comparison within and between fields .
existence of many modules which are similar in duration and [evaluation] pattern enables ready comparison within and between fields .

Termly and yearly dissemination of assessment results , which include grade frequencies and measures of location and variability , fosters understanding of properties of mark distribution and a ( sometimes competitive ) interest in the behaviour of academic neighbours .
termly and yearly dissemination of [evaluation] results , which include grade frequencies and measures of location and variability , fosters understanding of properties of mark distribution and a ( sometimes competitive ) interest in the behaviour of academic neighbours .

80–1 for a summary of the assessment information which is made available to all Modular Course staff .
80–1 for a summary of the [evaluation] information which is made available to all modular course staff .

bias towards assessment of adequacy rather than optimality of provision ; and
bias towards [evaluation] of adequacy rather than optimality of provision ; and

The primary purpose of these data is to record assessment decisions , to support decision-making by management , or to enable monitoring of quality to occur .
the primary purpose of these data is to record [evaluation] decisions , to support decision-making by management , or to enable monitoring of quality to occur .

Much of these data , however , are also suitable for hypothesis-testing — indeed the data are of higher quality than those generally used in research studies because it is not usually practicable to ask academics from a wide range of areas to adopt uniform teaching , assessment and reporting practices solely to permit educational research to occur .
much of these data , however , are also suitable for hypothesis-testing — indeed the data are of higher quality than those generally used in research studies because it is not usually practicable to ask academics from a wide range of areas to adopt uniform teaching , [evaluation] and reporting practices solely to permit educational research to occur .

In 1984 Clare Bradley of Sheffield University published a persuasive paper ( Bradley 1984 ) arguing that sex bias affected the assessment of student projects .
in 1984 clare bradley of sheffield university published a persuasive paper ( bradley 1984 ) arguing that sex bias affected the [evaluation] of student projects .

shift immediately to an initials only format on the title page and assessment blank for student projects ;
shift immediately to an initials only format on the title page and [evaluation] blank for student projects ;

No gender differences were in fact detected , but the assessment system was rendered less liable to such biases staff were sensitized to their existence and nature and the course was able to give itself a clean bill of health without any special data collection effort being required .
no gender differences were in fact detected , but the [evaluation] system was rendered less liable to such biases staff were sensitized to their existence and nature and the course was able to give itself a clean bill of health without any special data collection effort being required .

I-his effect occurred over all four academic areas in spite of consistent and striking assessment differences between them .
i-his effect occurred over all four academic areas in spite of consistent and striking [evaluation] differences between them .

Apart from providing important evidence about the relationship between resources and performance in higher education , the demonstration of stable between-area assessment patterns has enabled the Modular Course to successively nudge each area into modifications of assessment practice which gradually bring them closer together .
apart from providing important evidence about the relationship between resources and performance in higher education , the demonstration of stable between-area [evaluation] patterns has enabled the modular course to successively nudge each area into modifications of [evaluation] practice which gradually bring them closer together .

The results were of considerable interest : ‘ surface workload ’ was clearly distinguishable from a ‘ cognitive stretching ’ factor related to quantity of new concepts , and assessment load for example .
the results were of considerable interest : ‘ surface workload ’ was clearly distinguishable from a ‘ cognitive stretching ’ factor related to quantity of new concepts , and [evaluation] load for example .

Teaching staff have a number of needs for information , and for assistance with recording assessment data and keeping other course records .
teaching staff have a number of needs for information , and for assistance with recording [evaluation] data and keeping other course records .

Marksheets on which the final assessment for each student on the module is entered , for subsequent data processing by the registry .
marksheets on which the final [evaluation] for each student on the module is entered , for subsequent data processing by the registry .

By sticking to a small basic unit ( 100 or 120 hours of student effort ) delivered across terms ( three per year , and with the development of a summer school , potentially four ) Oxford has established a pattern of regular assessment , and regular award-making examinations boards , that depends upon an intensity of academic staff commitment that other institutions would find difficult if not impossible to implement within the current framework of practice and conditions of service .
by sticking to a small basic unit ( 100 or 120 hours of student effort ) delivered across terms ( three per year , and with the development of a summer school , potentially four ) oxford has established a pattern of regular [evaluation] , and regular award-making examinations boards , that depends upon an intensity of academic staff commitment that other institutions would find difficult if not impossible to implement within the current framework of practice and conditions of service .

The Supplementary Benefits Commission ( who then carried out the means assessment in legal aid ) were released from 50,000 assessments a year , but the overall effect was minimal .
the supplementary benefits commission ( who then carried out the means [evaluation] in legal aid ) were released from 50,000 assessments a year , but the overall effect was minimal .

Settlements can best be examined by considering personal injury claims , in which they play a major role , and which have been the subject of research and critical assessment .
settlements can best be examined by considering personal injury claims , in which they play a major role , and which have been the subject of research and critical [evaluation] .

The assessment of the applicant 's resources , which determines financial eligibility for representation , is undertaken by an ‘ assessment officer ’ at the Department of Social Security .
the [evaluation] of the applicant 's resources , which determines financial eligibility for representation , is undertaken by an ‘ [evaluation] officer ’ at the department of social security .

These specific figures appear in the Assessment of Resources Regulations and not in the Act , and so can be easily uprated as necessary .
these specific figures appear in the [evaluation] of resources regulations and not in the act , and so can be easily uprated as necessary .

Whilst the factual study produced considerable valuable information , there are gaps and some errors in methodology which mean that its conclusions can not be relied on exclusively in an assessment of the present procedure .
whilst the factual study produced considerable valuable information , there are gaps and some errors in methodology which mean that its conclusions can not be relied on exclusively in an [evaluation] of the present procedure .

The existence of Finn 's Hotel helps to make an understanding of Finnegans Wake possible ; for too long those critic 's and scholar 's that have tried to make an assessment of the Wake have begun from the wrong premise .
the existence of finn 's hotel helps to make an understanding of finnegans wake possible ; for too long those critic 's and scholar 's that have tried to make an [evaluation] of the wake have begun from the wrong premise .

Entry to these homes was not determined by assessment of need but by the eligibility of the potential resident for financial support .
entry to these homes was not determined by [evaluation] of need but by the eligibility of the potential resident for financial support .

To make proper assessment of need and good case management the cornerstone of high quality care .
to make proper [evaluation] of need and good case management the cornerstone of high quality care .

Assessment would be undertaken both for people seeking day and domiciliary care services and for those seeking admission to publicly funded residential and nursing home care .
[evaluation] would be undertaken both for people seeking day and domiciliary care services and for those seeking admission to publicly funded residential and nursing home care .

Assessment and case management can be seen as the cornerstones of a policy which is directed to achieve a degree of ‘ downward substitution ’ at the margin between settings .
[evaluation] and case management can be seen as the cornerstones of a policy which is directed to achieve a degree of ‘ downward substitution ’ at the margin between settings .

The effective implementation of such a policy depends particularly upon effective management of the interface between institutional and homebased care , through screening and provision of intensive home care , where both assessment and case management are critical .
the effective implementation of such a policy depends particularly upon effective management of the interface between institutional and homebased care , through screening and provision of intensive home care , where both [evaluation] and case management are critical .

Thus , although the main thrust of the National Health Service and Community Care Act is concerned with financial and managerial structures and the only explicit definition of a practice role is that of Assessment in Sec.47 , other practice roles are implicit and have to be inferred or derived from guidance or policy documentation .
thus , although the main thrust of the national health service and community care act is concerned with financial and managerial structures and the only explicit definition of a practice role is that of [evaluation] in sec.47 , other practice roles are implicit and have to be inferred or derived from guidance or policy documentation .

These are firstly the development of new forms of alternative homes or home-based care ; secondly the design of appropriate assessment procedures and techniques ; thirdly the creation of intensive case management services to provide co-ordination of care at home ; and fourthly the organizational and managerial response towards more integrated systems exemplified by such initiatives as the Care Programme Approach for people with mental illness .
these are firstly the development of new forms of alternative homes or home-based care ; secondly the design of appropriate [evaluation] procedures and techniques ; thirdly the creation of intensive case management services to provide co-ordination of care at home ; and fourthly the organizational and managerial response towards more integrated systems exemplified by such initiatives as the care programme approach for people with mental illness .

Hughes looks at comprehensive assessment of elderly people and their carers .
hughes looks at comprehensive [evaluation] of elderly people and their carers .

The allocation of publicly funded places in long-term care is contingent upon assessment in the future .
the allocation of publicly funded places in long-term care is contingent upon [evaluation] in the future .

The nature of this assessment will therefore be critical to the effective implementation of policy .
the nature of this [evaluation] will therefore be critical to the effective implementation of policy .

However there are no measures which contribute to standardization , and therefore equity , as for example in the Australian geriatric assessment teams .
however there are no measures which contribute to standardization , and therefore equity , as for example in the australian geriatric [evaluation] teams .

The author stresses that the nature of assessment is a complex activity requiring skill and being more than the gathering of information which is but a first stage in the process .
the author stresses that the nature of [evaluation] is a complex activity requiring skill and being more than the gathering of information which is but a first stage in the process .

Following the collection of information , itself contingent upon cues identified in the assessment process , there is a need for the exercise of judgement in summary and formulation .
following the collection of information , itself contingent upon cues identified in the [evaluation] process , there is a need for the exercise of judgement in summary and formulation .

This raises issues of conflict between managerial imperatives and practice goals , and the difficulty of achieving needs-based assessment in a context of resource scarcity .
this raises issues of conflict between managerial imperatives and practice goals , and the difficulty of achieving needs-based [evaluation] in a context of resource scarcity .

Although local authorities and social service departments are in the process of developing systems of assessment in relation to care management , there has been little debate about the principles which ought to underpin assessment processes , nor about the purpose , scope , and content of comprehensive assessment with older people .
although local authorities and social service departments are in the process of developing systems of [evaluation] in relation to care management , there has been little debate about the principles which ought to underpin [evaluation] processes , nor about the purpose , scope , and content of comprehensive [evaluation] with older people .

This article discusses these issues and proposes a framework for comprehensive assessment with older people and their carers , derived from development work with social workers in a number of local authorities .
this article discusses these issues and proposes a framework for comprehensive [evaluation] with older people and their carers , derived from development work with social workers in a number of local authorities .

Of particular importance is the need for comprehensive assessment to embody meaningful mechanisms for user and carer participation and empowerment ; to acknowledge not only need and risk but strengths and resources ; to regard the older person as the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social factors which together determine her or his quality of life and level of risk .
of particular importance is the need for comprehensive [evaluation] to embody meaningful mechanisms for user and carer participation and empowerment ; to acknowledge not only need and risk but strengths and resources ; to regard the older person as the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social factors which together determine her or his quality of life and level of risk .

The National Health Service and Community Care Act ( 1990 ) has assigned to local authority social services departments the lead responsibility for the co-ordination and production of community care assessments of individual older people and the process of development of criteria , mechanisms , and models of assessment is underway in most social service departments .
the national health service and community care act ( 1990 ) has assigned to local authority social services departments the lead responsibility for the co-ordination and production of community care assessments of individual older people and the process of development of criteria , mechanisms , and models of [evaluation] is underway in most social service departments .

The Act imposes the duty on local authorities to undertake a comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of any individual older person for whom the local authority is satisfied that a formalized assessment is necessary .
the act imposes the duty on local authorities to undertake a comprehensive , multidisciplinary [evaluation] of any individual older person for whom the local authority is satisfied that a formalized [evaluation] is necessary .

The White Paper , the Act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full assessment and an initial screening mechanism ( DoH , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .
the white paper , the act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive [evaluation] and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full [evaluation] and an initial screening mechanism ( doh , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .

However , when a full assessment of either a service user and/or the carer is deemed to be warranted , the procedures and the outcome of the assessment process must embody a number of key characteristics .
however , when a full [evaluation] of either a service user and/or the carer is deemed to be warranted , the procedures and the outcome of the [evaluation] process must embody a number of key characteristics .

Firstly , the assessment should be comprehensive and needs-led . It should constitute an
firstly , the [evaluation] should be comprehensive and needs-led . it should constitute an

assessment of the applicant 's circumstances , in the round , and his or her personal needs for support and rehabilitation , including any community service needs , together with any help or support required by carers ( DoH , 1991a , p.5 ) .
[evaluation] of the applicant 's circumstances , in the round , and his or her personal needs for support and rehabilitation , including any community service needs , together with any help or support required by carers ( doh , 1991a , p.5 ) .

The assessment process should take into account what the individual can do to help himself ; what informal care is available ; particular risk factors ; abilities and life style ; health … and accommodation and social support needs ( DoH , 1991a , p. 6 ) .
the [evaluation] process should take into account what the individual can do to help himself ; what informal care is available ; particular risk factors ; abilities and life style ; health … and accommodation and social support needs ( doh , 1991a , p. 6 ) .

Whilst the White Paper acknowledges that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( DoH , 1989b , p. 18 ) .
whilst the white paper acknowledges that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of [evaluation] , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( doh , 1989b , p. 18 ) .

[ … ] Assessment may also uncover such needs as help with financial affairs , leisure pursuits , employment and education .
[ … ] [evaluation] may also uncover such needs as help with financial affairs , leisure pursuits , employment and education .

Whilst guidance on suitable mechanisms for multidisciplinary collaboration has at the level of planning been published , the use of mechanisms to co-ordinate information and assessment at the level of practice has been actively discouraged .
whilst guidance on suitable mechanisms for multidisciplinary collaboration has at the level of planning been published , the use of mechanisms to co-ordinate information and [evaluation] at the level of practice has been actively discouraged .

Thirdly , the principle that users and carers should participate in the assessment process is a theme throughout the various government publications .
thirdly , the principle that users and carers should participate in the [evaluation] process is a theme throughout the various government publications .

The Draft Guidance , however , refers to the possibility that user and carer may have different views and seek different outcomes and therefore may need to be involved separately in the assessment process ( DoH , 1991a ) .
the draft guidance , however , refers to the possibility that user and carer may have different views and seek different outcomes and therefore may need to be involved separately in the [evaluation] process ( doh , 1991a ) .

Finally , the local authority must establish systems of communication at various levels with individuals and members of the community in order to enable people to have access to information about the assessment processes .
finally , the local authority must establish systems of communication at various levels with individuals and members of the community in order to enable people to have access to information about the [evaluation] processes .

At one level , this involves publicising the criteria of eligibility for a full assessment , the various mechanisms for different forms of assessment and the procedure by which people can complain .
at one level , this involves publicising the criteria of eligibility for a full [evaluation] , the various mechanisms for different forms of [evaluation] and the procedure by which people can complain .

In relation to individual service users and carers , they should be given full and clear information about the assessment process as it will affect them , how they might be involved and a clear statement of its outcome .
in relation to individual service users and carers , they should be given full and clear information about the [evaluation] process as it will affect them , how they might be involved and a clear statement of its outcome .

For example , who is going to pay for the process of assessment and the involvement of the various practitioners — social workers ; general practitioners ; hospital , paramedical , and housing personnel ; and so on ?
for example , who is going to pay for the process of [evaluation] and the involvement of the various practitioners — social workers ; general practitioners ; hospital , paramedical , and housing personnel ; and so on ?

In the event of a lack of consensus between different professionals , or between professional and users or carers , how is the outcome of an assessment to be decided ?
in the event of a lack of consensus between different professionals , or between professional and users or carers , how is the outcome of an [evaluation] to be decided ?

There is evidence that the current practice of assessment of older people is extremely variable , not only between social workers and other professionals but also between different social workers themselves .
there is evidence that the current practice of [evaluation] of older people is extremely variable , not only between social workers and other professionals but also between different social workers themselves .

However , she also found wide variation in the extent to which different social workers used the referral either to assess for a specific resource or to undertake a more general assessment of need and circumstances .
however , she also found wide variation in the extent to which different social workers used the referral either to assess for a specific resource or to undertake a more general [evaluation] of need and circumstances .

Overall , whilst this variation undoubtedly includes examples of good assessment practice , there is also evidence that the general level of social services assessment of older people is restricted to the assessment of need for specific services , often requested by a carer , a general practitioner , or other third party , frequently undertaken by untrained ancillary staff ( Means , 1981 ; Black et al .
overall , whilst this variation undoubtedly includes examples of good [evaluation] practice , there is also evidence that the general level of social services [evaluation] of older people is restricted to the [evaluation] of need for specific services , often requested by a carer , a general practitioner , or other third party , frequently undertaken by untrained ancillary staff ( means , 1981 ; black et al .

Thus , there does not yet exist the foundation of a professional consensus on what constitutes good assessment practice with older people .
thus , there does not yet exist the foundation of a professional consensus on what constitutes good [evaluation] practice with older people .

This contrasts starkly with the efforts at local authority , regional , and national levels to develop models of comprehensive assessment and multidisciplinary collaboration in respect of children and families ( DoH , 1988 ; DoH , 1991b ) .
this contrasts starkly with the efforts at local authority , regional , and national levels to develop models of comprehensive [evaluation] and multidisciplinary collaboration in respect of children and families ( doh , 1988 ; doh , 1991b ) .

The relative lack of progress in developing and disseminating models of good practice , including assessment , with older people and their families is a reflection in part of their relatively low status within professional and organizational cultures , not only within social work but also in medicine , education , and academic disciplines .
the relative lack of progress in developing and disseminating models of good practice , including [evaluation] , with older people and their families is a reflection in part of their relatively low status within professional and organizational cultures , not only within social work but also in medicine , education , and academic disciplines .

The current state of the art , therefore , presents particular difficulties to the development of good practice in comprehensive assessment of older people :
the current state of the art , therefore , presents particular difficulties to the development of good practice in comprehensive [evaluation] of older people :

Evidence of the difficulties in the development of multidisciplinary assessment procedures has been provided by projects in four local areas , orchestrated by the Social Services Inspectorate ( DoH , 1989a ) .
evidence of the difficulties in the development of multidisciplinary [evaluation] procedures has been provided by projects in four local areas , orchestrated by the social services inspectorate ( doh , 1989a ) .

Each of the four areas achieved a different level of success in the development of a system of multidisciplinary assessment .
each of the four areas achieved a different level of success in the development of a system of multidisciplinary [evaluation] .

In reviewing the four projects , the Social Services Inspectorate identified ten key elements which appeared to be crucial to the achievement of effective multidisciplinary assessment ( DoH , 1989b ) .
in reviewing the four projects , the social services inspectorate identified ten key elements which appeared to be crucial to the achievement of effective multidisciplinary [evaluation] ( doh , 1989b ) .

However , the assessment schedules produced by all of the four projects did not fulfil some of the essential requirements of the new legislation , particularly in relation to comprehensiveness , user and carer participation , and a needs-led approach .
however , the [evaluation] schedules produced by all of the four projects did not fulfil some of the essential requirements of the new legislation , particularly in relation to comprehensiveness , user and carer participation , and a needs-led approach .

If the current state of practice of assessment is to accommodate the demands of the National Health Service and Community Care Act ( 1990 ) and to meet the aspirations of practitioners to improve practice in relation to older people , it is important to begin the process of development by defining the principles of good practice which comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment should embody .
if the current state of practice of [evaluation] is to accommodate the demands of the national health service and community care act ( 1990 ) and to meet the aspirations of practitioners to improve practice in relation to older people , it is important to begin the process of development by defining the principles of good practice which comprehensive , multidisciplinary [evaluation] should embody .

Firstly , at the level of practice of individual social workers and teams in assessing older people and their carers , five core principles were identified . The process and procedure for assessment must :
firstly , at the level of practice of individual social workers and teams in assessing older people and their carers , five core principles were identified . the process and procedure for [evaluation] must :

offer a consistent standard of good practice to users and to carers , whilst also recognizing that the process of assessment involves the exercising of judgement , whether professional judgement or subjective judgement of users and carers .
offer a consistent standard of good practice to users and to carers , whilst also recognizing that the process of [evaluation] involves the exercising of judgement , whether professional judgement or subjective judgement of users and carers .

Secondly , the concept of comprehensive assessment also requires that the process embodies certain principles which recognize the conditions essential for effective interprofessional dialogue and collaboration to take place . Two such essential principles were identified at this level , namely , that the assessment process :
secondly , the concept of comprehensive [evaluation] also requires that the process embodies certain principles which recognize the conditions essential for effective interprofessional dialogue and collaboration to take place . two such essential principles were identified at this level , namely , that the [evaluation] process :

must allow for the possibility that different professionals will bring different perspectives which may result in different conclusions or recommendations as to what is a desirable outcome of the assessment process , and therefore must provide a mechanism by which such differences can be identified , recorded , and , if possible , reduced .
must allow for the possibility that different professionals will bring different perspectives which may result in different conclusions or recommendations as to what is a desirable outcome of the [evaluation] process , and therefore must provide a mechanism by which such differences can be identified , recorded , and , if possible , reduced .

Finally , practitioners identified the need for management practices in their own agencies in relation to the development of assessment and care management systems , to be based on three key principles which are essential to the development of better practice . In order to facilitate the development of assessment processes , management must :
finally , practitioners identified the need for management practices in their own agencies in relation to the development of [evaluation] and care management systems , to be based on three key principles which are essential to the development of better practice . in order to facilitate the development of [evaluation] processes , management must :

provide clear guidelines , instructions , and a sound framework for the comprehensive assessment process and these should be developed with practitioners ;
provide clear guidelines , instructions , and a sound framework for the comprehensive [evaluation] process and these should be developed with practitioners ;

recognize that comprehensive assessment should be part of a planned and structured approach to the development of services for older and disabled people .
recognize that comprehensive [evaluation] should be part of a planned and structured approach to the development of services for older and disabled people .

It is important to begin by recognizing that assessment is a process which involves much more than the collection of information and data .
it is important to begin by recognizing that [evaluation] is a process which involves much more than the collection of information and data .

The process of assessment incorporates a number of key elements and involves the assessors ( including users and carers ) in bringing to bear a wide range of observational , communication , interpersonal , cognitive , and analytic skills .
the process of [evaluation] incorporates a number of key elements and involves the assessors ( including users and carers ) in bringing to bear a wide range of observational , communication , interpersonal , cognitive , and analytic skills .

‘ Assessment is about understanding .
‘ [evaluation] is about understanding .

The process of assessment , therefore , not only involves the recognition of a problem or issue , and the ability to identify and collect all the relevant information from a variety of sources .
the process of [evaluation] , therefore , not only involves the recognition of a problem or issue , and the ability to identify and collect all the relevant information from a variety of sources .

Assessment also involves ‘ making sense ’ of that information , and in order to do so , the information about an individual has to be interpreted in the context of current knowledge , theory , ideas , and common practice which is relevant to the characteristics of that individual and his or her situation .
[evaluation] also involves ‘ making sense ’ of that information , and in order to do so , the information about an individual has to be interpreted in the context of current knowledge , theory , ideas , and common practice which is relevant to the characteristics of that individual and his or her situation .

However , it is important to emphasize this step in the process because failure to do so results in a concept of assessment which is limited to a relatively unskilled , technical task of data collection .
however , it is important to emphasize this step in the process because failure to do so results in a concept of [evaluation] which is limited to a relatively unskilled , technical task of data collection .

In fact , the process of assessment requires of the practitioner the ability to apply a range of knowledge and theory , to formulate information in the light of knowledge and theory , to summarize , prioritize , analyse , make predictions , and to exercise the professional judgements necessary to balance competing imperatives and to assess risk .
in fact , the process of [evaluation] requires of the practitioner the ability to apply a range of knowledge and theory , to formulate information in the light of knowledge and theory , to summarize , prioritize , analyse , make predictions , and to exercise the professional judgements necessary to balance competing imperatives and to assess risk .

Finally , the process of comprehensive assessment includes the ability to identify strategies to meet or minimize the need and risk which have been assessed , to set objectives , to plan , and to define desired outcomes .
finally , the process of comprehensive [evaluation] includes the ability to identify strategies to meet or minimize the need and risk which have been assessed , to set objectives , to plan , and to define desired outcomes .

Thus , an assessor has to bring to the assessment process a matrix of skills , knowledge , and experience in order to translate information into understanding . Indeed , the quality of an assessment is largely determined by the level of skill , knowledge and experience which the practitioner brings to the process :
thus , an assessor has to bring to the [evaluation] process a matrix of skills , knowledge , and experience in order to translate information into understanding . indeed , the quality of an [evaluation] is largely determined by the level of skill , knowledge and experience which the practitioner brings to the process :

In many instances , it is the skill of observation which will lead the practitioner to pursue particular lines of enquiry in more depth and to tailor the assessment process to the particular individual or carer .
in many instances , it is the skill of observation which will lead the practitioner to pursue particular lines of enquiry in more depth and to tailor the [evaluation] process to the particular individual or carer .

Knowledge about ageing , the issues facing older people , the impact of race , gender , class , disability of ageing people , family systems , networks , mental health and ill health , emotional and psychological experiences , loss — these are just a few of the areas of knowledge which may be important in any particular assessment .
knowledge about ageing , the issues facing older people , the impact of race , gender , class , disability of ageing people , family systems , networks , mental health and ill health , emotional and psychological experiences , loss — these are just a few of the areas of knowledge which may be important in any particular [evaluation] .

Experience : the extent to which a practitioner is able to integrate her/his skills and knowledge in the assessment process , to communicate and liaise effectively with a wide range of individuals , to analyse and evaluate and reach a professional judgement about questions of need and risk , will be partly contingent on the professional confidence and sensitivity derived from experience .
experience : the extent to which a practitioner is able to integrate her/his skills and knowledge in the [evaluation] process , to communicate and liaise effectively with a wide range of individuals , to analyse and evaluate and reach a professional judgement about questions of need and risk , will be partly contingent on the professional confidence and sensitivity derived from experience .

The process of assessment , then , is complex and demands a high level of professional expertise .
the process of [evaluation] , then , is complex and demands a high level of professional expertise .

It is clear that practitioners need a framework to help them manage this process , to produce a degree of consistency of purpose , scope , and content of assessment across different practitioners , whilst also enabling the assessment process to be adapted flexibly to individual people and their circumstances .
it is clear that practitioners need a framework to help them manage this process , to produce a degree of consistency of purpose , scope , and content of [evaluation] across different practitioners , whilst also enabling the [evaluation] process to be adapted flexibly to individual people and their circumstances .

However , together the two concepts offer a starting point for the development of an approach to assessment which is systematic , holistic , and incorporates the principle of user and carer participation .
however , together the two concepts offer a starting point for the development of an approach to [evaluation] which is systematic , holistic , and incorporates the principle of user and carer participation .

From this starting point , the purpose of multidisciplinary assessment becomes the assessment of quality of life and risk .
from this starting point , the purpose of multidisciplinary [evaluation] becomes the [evaluation] of quality of life and risk .

The scope of assessment will vary between individuals and be dependent upon the range of factors impinging upon the quality of life and the nature or level of risk faced by a particular user and carer .
the scope of [evaluation] will vary between individuals and be dependent upon the range of factors impinging upon the quality of life and the nature or level of risk faced by a particular user and carer .

The content of the assessment should integrate the user and carer perspectives at all stages of the process , and not simply add on their views at the end .
the content of the [evaluation] should integrate the user and carer perspectives at all stages of the process , and not simply add on their views at the end .

However , of themselves , they offer no more than a functional approach to assessment , and therefore must be organized into a framework which is based on the principles defined above .
however , of themselves , they offer no more than a functional approach to [evaluation] , and therefore must be organized into a framework which is based on the principles defined above .

Firstly , the imperative to examine not only disabilities , needs and risks but also abilities , strengths and resources may , of itself , create an important climate of empowerment which will influence the manner in which assessment is conducted and the methods used to collect information , particularly from older people themselves .
firstly , the imperative to examine not only disabilities , needs and risks but also abilities , strengths and resources may , of itself , create an important climate of empowerment which will influence the manner in which [evaluation] is conducted and the methods used to collect information , particularly from older people themselves .

Figure 1 . The assessment model : data collection
figure 1 . the [evaluation] model : data collection

The process of assessment , however , is not complete until the data collected has been summarized and formulated .
the process of [evaluation] , however , is not complete until the data collected has been summarized and formulated .

Furthermore , the purposes of assessment , defined earlier in the paper as the assessment of quality of life and risk , offer a means of helping the assessment to identify a focus for managing this stage of the process , when a wide range of complex information from a variety of different sources has to be summarized .
furthermore , the purposes of [evaluation] , defined earlier in the paper as the [evaluation] of quality of life and risk , offer a means of helping the [evaluation] to identify a focus for managing this stage of the process , when a wide range of complex information from a variety of different sources has to be summarized .

The purposes of the assessment can be translated into two key questions which provide such a focus :
the purposes of the [evaluation] can be translated into two key questions which provide such a focus :

Finally , the formulation stage involves using the results of the assessment process to identify objectives , plans , and strategies . This stage draws considerably upon the knowledge , skills , and judgement of the practitioner and , as with the summary stage , may be facilitated by formulating the objectives around two key questions :
finally , the formulation stage involves using the results of the [evaluation] process to identify objectives , plans , and strategies . this stage draws considerably upon the knowledge , skills , and judgement of the practitioner and , as with the summary stage , may be facilitated by formulating the objectives around two key questions :

The application of the assessment process to the process of intervention and , if necessary , the development of a support network will then build upon the strength and resources identified and be designed to provide additional resources and services to minimize risk and improve the quality of life .
the application of the [evaluation] process to the process of intervention and , if necessary , the development of a support network will then build upon the strength and resources identified and be designed to provide additional resources and services to minimize risk and improve the quality of life .

This paper has described in some detail a possible framework for comprehensive assessment of older people , starting from an analysis of current practice and based on principles derived with practitioners and middle managers of social service departments .
this paper has described in some detail a possible framework for comprehensive [evaluation] of older people , starting from an analysis of current practice and based on principles derived with practitioners and middle managers of social service departments .

The model proposed embraces a concept of the aims and process of assessment which acknowledges its inherent complexity and the high level of skill required of practitioners .
the model proposed embraces a concept of the aims and process of [evaluation] which acknowledges its inherent complexity and the high level of skill required of practitioners .

Thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessment of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of assessment and care management systems should proceed .
thus , this paper is adopting explicitly a particular position along the spectrum of views currently being expressed about comprehensive , multidisciplinary [evaluation] of older people , and , as well as proposing a model for practice , is also an attempt to stimulate amongst professionals and managers a debate , which is now urgent , about how the development of [evaluation] and care management systems should proceed .

This debate must include discussion of the fundamental questions and issues identified in this paper as to the purpose , scope , and content of assessment , and any process of development must also begin by identifying the principles which those systems , procedures , and practices should embody .
this debate must include discussion of the fundamental questions and issues identified in this paper as to the purpose , scope , and content of [evaluation] , and any process of development must also begin by identifying the principles which those systems , procedures , and practices should embody .

This is essential if assessment is to fulfil its promise of meeting better the needs of older people and their carers .
this is essential if [evaluation] is to fulfil its promise of meeting better the needs of older people and their carers .

Firstly , as local authorities proceed with the development of systems and procedures for comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessments , there is evidence of considerable variation in the definitions of purpose , scope , and content of assessment .
firstly , as local authorities proceed with the development of systems and procedures for comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessments , there is evidence of considerable variation in the definitions of purpose , scope , and content of [evaluation] .

Social workers and team leaders involved in the development process have been keen to seize the opportunity to develop better assessment procedures which define assessment as extensive , needs-based , and complex .
social workers and team leaders involved in the development process have been keen to seize the opportunity to develop better [evaluation] procedures which define [evaluation] as extensive , needs-based , and complex .

Senior managers , on the other hand , mindful of the resource implications of the assessment responsibility which has been placed on their departments , may be looking for systems which will contain within manageable resource limits the potentially very high assessment workload for their staff .
senior managers , on the other hand , mindful of the resource implications of the [evaluation] responsibility which has been placed on their departments , may be looking for systems which will contain within manageable resource limits the potentially very high [evaluation] workload for their staff .

Nevertheless , government guidance subsequent to the Act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :
nevertheless , government guidance subsequent to the act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to [evaluation] and envisages a separation of [evaluation] from care management and service provision :

the assessment of need will require a significant change in attitude and approach by most practitioners .
the [evaluation] of need will require a significant change in attitude and approach by most practitioners .

They will have to make a conscious effort to treat the assessment of need as a separate exercise from consideration of the service response .
they will have to make a conscious effort to treat the [evaluation] of need as a separate exercise from consideration of the service response .

As indicated by the work commissioned by the Department of Health , few practitioners currently make that distinction , nor are they encouraged to do so by the assessment procedures they are required to operate ( DoH , 1991d , p. 47 ) .
as indicated by the work commissioned by the department of health , few practitioners currently make that distinction , nor are they encouraged to do so by the [evaluation] procedures they are required to operate ( doh , 1991d , p. 47 ) .

Practitioners , therefore , are in a powerful position to argue for the adoption of the kind of needs-led comprehensive approach to assessment exemplified in this paper .
practitioners , therefore , are in a powerful position to argue for the adoption of the kind of needs-led comprehensive approach to [evaluation] exemplified in this paper .

However , the development of better approaches to assessment requires not only that managers facilitate such development but also that practitioners are prepared for the need to apply new skills and face new dilemmas .
however , the development of better approaches to [evaluation] requires not only that managers facilitate such development but also that practitioners are prepared for the need to apply new skills and face new dilemmas .

This concluding discussion will focus on the issues presented to practitioners by three main aspects of the comprehensive assessment process : the needs-led and risk-led approach ; the participation and empowerment of users and carers ; the interpersonal and managerial elements of the task .
this concluding discussion will focus on the issues presented to practitioners by three main aspects of the comprehensive [evaluation] process : the needs-led and risk-led approach ; the participation and empowerment of users and carers ; the interpersonal and managerial elements of the task .

Practitioners should not underestimate the shift in practice required to implement a needs-led approach to assessment of older people .
practitioners should not underestimate the shift in practice required to implement a needs-led approach to [evaluation] of older people .

Most importantly , the assessment must be conducted with the older woman .
most importantly , the [evaluation] must be conducted with the older woman .

Some of the inherent tensions and contradictions of anti-discriminatory practice are brought into especially sharp relief during the assessment process .
some of the inherent tensions and contradictions of anti-discriminatory practice are brought into especially sharp relief during the [evaluation] process .

Interpersonal skills are crucial since it is largely through the medium of interpersonal communication that the assessment process is conducted .
interpersonal skills are crucial since it is largely through the medium of interpersonal communication that the [evaluation] process is conducted .

There is general agreement on the core pattern of case management functions which are : assessment ; care planning ; direct and indirect intervention ; monitoring ; review and evaluation .
there is general agreement on the core pattern of case management functions which are : [evaluation] ; care planning ; direct and indirect intervention ; monitoring ; review and evaluation .

This is an important consideration since it is related to the choice of target client group , and the critical importance of monitoring and repeated assessment as part of the process .
this is an important consideration since it is related to the choice of target client group , and the critical importance of monitoring and repeated [evaluation] as part of the process .

The relevance of good assessment , the inclusion of many casework principles , and the central relevance of the long-term relationship between the case manager and the client as the vehicle for the successful delivery of care are all common elements .
the relevance of good [evaluation] , the inclusion of many casework principles , and the central relevance of the long-term relationship between the case manager and the client as the vehicle for the successful delivery of care are all common elements .

People who refuse to care for themselves , people who are a danger to themselves or others , and people who have no insight into the fact that they are seriously ill are not well catered for by a system which is focused on needs-led services where the consumer 's view is taken seriously in assessment and in provision .
people who refuse to care for themselves , people who are a danger to themselves or others , and people who have no insight into the fact that they are seriously ill are not well catered for by a system which is focused on needs-led services where the consumer 's view is taken seriously in [evaluation] and in provision .

These models involve training users in skills needed for community survival , including medication management ( Eckman and Liberman , 1990 ) and attention has focused on people with long-term needs , and in involving them more closely in assessment and the selection of goals ( Liberman et al .
these models involve training users in skills needed for community survival , including medication management ( eckman and liberman , 1990 ) and attention has focused on people with long-term needs , and in involving them more closely in [evaluation] and the selection of goals ( liberman et al .

In clinical case management there is a recognition that the worker is an important resource , and an awareness that the process of assessment and reassessment is a crucial function , to be discharged by someone who knows the client really well over a long period of time .
in clinical case management there is a recognition that the worker is an important resource , and an awareness that the process of [evaluation] and reassessment is a crucial function , to be discharged by someone who knows the client really well over a long period of time .

The essential feature of the administrative model is that the functions of assessment and provision are separated from one another and the case manager relies heavily on linkage and brokerage .
the essential feature of the administrative model is that the functions of [evaluation] and provision are separated from one another and the case manager relies heavily on linkage and brokerage .

Leaving aside the difficulty of not making a provision at the same time as one is undertaking the assessment , this approach has produced two serious difficulties .
leaving aside the difficulty of not making a provision at the same time as one is undertaking the [evaluation] , this approach has produced two serious difficulties .

Secondly , the workforce undertaking the assessment has been expensively trained as professional providers ; not only is the role of assessor without being a provider an inherently unsatisfactory one for these people , but the emphasis upon dispassionate , creative professional judgement as the arbiter of resource allocation , resource creation , and resource co-ordination , is entirely removed from the scene .
secondly , the workforce undertaking the [evaluation] has been expensively trained as professional providers ; not only is the role of assessor without being a provider an inherently unsatisfactory one for these people , but the emphasis upon dispassionate , creative professional judgement as the arbiter of resource allocation , resource creation , and resource co-ordination , is entirely removed from the scene .

In the community care reforms the purchaser/provider split is understood as both a macro-budgetary strategy in which both health and social service are divided into purchasing and providing organizations , so that the latter can be more open to competition in the health and welfare ‘ market ’ , and a micro-budgetary mechanism for decentralizing resources into the hands of front-line workers and managers in order to more effectively target these resources on those identified as most in need by the care management assessment .
in the community care reforms the purchaser/provider split is understood as both a macro-budgetary strategy in which both health and social service are divided into purchasing and providing organizations , so that the latter can be more open to competition in the health and welfare ‘ market ’ , and a micro-budgetary mechanism for decentralizing resources into the hands of front-line workers and managers in order to more effectively target these resources on those identified as most in need by the care management [evaluation] .

New care management systems of assessment without provision do not rest easily with training which has equipped the worker to provide direct care , and there is some evidence that workers find the disincentives so great that they will resign from such posts ( Huxley and Kerfoot , 1992 ) .
new care management systems of [evaluation] without provision do not rest easily with training which has equipped the worker to provide direct care , and there is some evidence that workers find the disincentives so great that they will resign from such posts ( huxley and kerfoot , 1992 ) .

To propose that the separation of assessment from provision might provide a better incentive to create a needs-led service , than professional judgement , is to show a degree of confusion about the origins of our present predicament ( shortage of resource ; bureaucratization , etc . )
to propose that the separation of [evaluation] from provision might provide a better incentive to create a needs-led service , than professional judgement , is to show a degree of confusion about the origins of our present predicament ( shortage of resource ; bureaucratization , etc . )

assessment of the health and social care needs for the patient with particular regard as to whether the patient has a severe and enduring ( i.e. chronic ) mental illness ;
[evaluation] of the health and social care needs for the patient with particular regard as to whether the patient has a severe and enduring ( i.e. chronic ) mental illness ;

This raised the problem of designing a form to accommodate a needs-led assessment , with the result that more or less structured approaches were used .
this raised the problem of designing a form to accommodate a needs-led [evaluation] , with the result that more or less structured approaches were used .

The individuals interviewed were asked how many people had participated in the most recent assessment and review they had attended and how long these usually took .
the individuals interviewed were asked how many people had participated in the most recent [evaluation] and review they had attended and how long these usually took .

The assessment of unmet needs is seen by others to be a potential source of valuable information :
the [evaluation] of unmet needs is seen by others to be a potential source of valuable information :

There is no single pattern of assessment of people 's needs .
there is no single pattern of [evaluation] of people 's needs .

Those authorities which are classed here as adapting to the care programme approach either spend some of their Mental Illness Specific Grant to satisfy its requirements or present the elements of the approach ( assessment , key working and review ) as an integral part of their plans for the year in question .
those authorities which are classed here as adapting to the care programme approach either spend some of their mental illness specific grant to satisfy its requirements or present the elements of the approach ( [evaluation] , key working and review ) as an integral part of their plans for the year in question .

The implementation and assessment that is needed to implement the Care Programme Approach has moved on to allow the introduction of a comprehensive care management system .
the implementation and [evaluation] that is needed to implement the care programme approach has moved on to allow the introduction of a comprehensive care management system .

The development of a care programming , care management and joint assessment service that straddles inpatient and community services , and provides a continuity of care for the individual and their carers , particularly before discharge from hospital ( East Sussex ) .
the development of a care programming , care management and joint [evaluation] service that straddles inpatient and community services , and provides a continuity of care for the individual and their carers , particularly before discharge from hospital ( east sussex ) .

From the perspective of service users and carers , the care programme approach , and in particular its assessment of needs at an aggregate level , can be seen as a means towards participation in mental health services ( Hogman , 1992 ) .
from the perspective of service users and carers , the care programme approach , and in particular its [evaluation] of needs at an aggregate level , can be seen as a means towards participation in mental health services ( hogman , 1992 ) .

The assessment of needs on a large scale could provide planners with valuable information about local conditions and increase the responsiveness of services .
the [evaluation] of needs on a large scale could provide planners with valuable information about local conditions and increase the responsiveness of services .

Sixteen children thought to be at high risk had a further individual assessment .
sixteen children thought to be at high risk had a further individual [evaluation] .

With the imminent arrival of care management , the use of assessment schedules and their efficacy is a central issue .
with the imminent arrival of care management , the use of [evaluation] schedules and their efficacy is a central issue .

It would suggest the need for assessment in a variety of settings , and that an attempt should be made to be aware of milieu bias .
it would suggest the need for [evaluation] in a variety of settings , and that an attempt should be made to be aware of milieu bias .

Finally , in part three , Lowe concludes his study by offering a brief interim assessment of developments in the welfare state since 1976 .
finally , in part three , lowe concludes his study by offering a brief interim [evaluation] of developments in the welfare state since 1976 .

Despite the abandonment of the commitment to full employment and the demise of corporatism , Lowe contends that the welfare state has not been weakened to any significant extent during the recent past — an assessment which underestimates the way in which the less visible strengths of this institution ( the promotion of collectivism and solidarity ) have been undermined .
despite the abandonment of the commitment to full employment and the demise of corporatism , lowe contends that the welfare state has not been weakened to any significant extent during the recent past — an [evaluation] which underestimates the way in which the less visible strengths of this institution ( the promotion of collectivism and solidarity ) have been undermined .

The authors demonstrate that by means of rigorous and consistent aim-directed assessment and training the sixty-three young adults who underwent the ‘ Wentwood Experience ’ were enabled to be relatively less dependent on others in the basic skills of daily living .
the authors demonstrate that by means of rigorous and consistent aim-directed [evaluation] and training the sixty-three young adults who underwent the ‘ wentwood experience ’ were enabled to be relatively less dependent on others in the basic skills of daily living .

The authors use the Wentwood case study as evidence to support their contention that scientific assessment of competence and consistent reinforcement of training by everyone charged with the welfare of the student can result in remarkable achievements in the skills of daily living .
the authors use the wentwood case study as evidence to support their contention that scientific [evaluation] of competence and consistent reinforcement of training by everyone charged with the welfare of the student can result in remarkable achievements in the skills of daily living .

Bourdieu is not entirely consistent in his assessment of just what this autonomy is from .
bourdieu is not entirely consistent in his [evaluation] of just what this autonomy is from .

They were not so much interested in damage assessment .
they were not so much interested in damage [evaluation] .

Teachers were mainly in favour of a national curriculum , but often distressed and angered by the frequent changes made to programmes of study by the cumbersome assessment procedures and by the increasing constraints being imposed by the Department of Education — especially in English .
teachers were mainly in favour of a national curriculum , but often distressed and angered by the frequent changes made to programmes of study by the cumbersome [evaluation] procedures and by the increasing constraints being imposed by the department of education — especially in english .

Similarly , Professor Williams appears to discount the relevance of unconscious motivation in the assessment of a defendant 's mens rea .
similarly , professor williams appears to discount the relevance of unconscious motivation in the [evaluation] of a defendant 's mens rea .

’ After half-an-hour with him Wycliffe felt that he was as far from making an assessment as ever .
’ after half-an-hour with him wycliffe felt that he was as far from making an [evaluation] as ever .

Nigel Holloway , chief technical consultant with Consultancy Services at Culham , carried out a safety assessment of the growing craze of bungee jumping and proved it was safe by doing the highest ever jump by a member of the public in this country .
nigel holloway , chief technical consultant with consultancy services at culham , carried out a safety [evaluation] of the growing craze of bungee jumping and proved it was safe by doing the highest ever jump by a member of the public in this country .

the launch of the new NVQs , however , has brought a totally new type of qualification within reach of managers , one based on an assessment of occupational evidence provided by the candidate to prove job competence .
the launch of the new nvqs , however , has brought a totally new type of qualification within reach of managers , one based on an [evaluation] of occupational evidence provided by the candidate to prove job competence .

Attainment of the competence award is not limited by any specific time period or course length , so candidates will be able to come forward for assessment whenever they have accumulated the required evidence of competence against national standards .
attainment of the competence award is not limited by any specific time period or course length , so candidates will be able to come forward for [evaluation] whenever they have accumulated the required evidence of competence against national standards .

The NVQs are not designed as alternatives to the course awards , and candidates will not need any formal qualifications to apply for assessment .
the nvqs are not designed as alternatives to the course awards , and candidates will not need any formal qualifications to apply for [evaluation] .

Candidates can also choose to take a course and , at the same time , begin to gather evidence of competence for assessment .
candidates can also choose to take a course and , at the same time , begin to gather evidence of competence for [evaluation] .

The roles of assessment centre manager , adviser and assessor can be combined in a number of ways to provide candidates with easy access to the support they need to qualify .
the roles of [evaluation] centre manager , adviser and assessor can be combined in a number of ways to provide candidates with easy access to the support they need to qualify .

Assessment , however , would be carried out by an external assessor who would look at testimonies from the line manager and company director , and a portfolio of documentary evidence and reports .
[evaluation] , however , would be carried out by an external assessor who would look at testimonies from the line manager and company director , and a portfolio of documentary evidence and reports .

The trials revealed a number of essential conditions that need to be met by all employers , assessment centres and candidates participating in the occupational competence assessment .
the trials revealed a number of essential conditions that need to be met by all employers , [evaluation] centres and candidates participating in the occupational competence [evaluation] .

The centres organising the assessment need to provide an induction process for employers and candidates ; give the candidate advice on the process and guidance and counselling during the gathering and assembly of evidence ; and provide assessment facilities for assessing prior and ongoing competencies .
the centres organising the [evaluation] need to provide an induction process for employers and candidates ; give the candidate advice on the process and guidance and counselling during the gathering and assembly of evidence ; and provide [evaluation] facilities for assessing prior and ongoing competencies .

Agreeing the basis for assessment systems for individuals
agreeing the basis for [evaluation] systems for individuals

Philosophy and principles of assessment .
philosophy and principles of [evaluation] .

General practitioners ' and Primary Health Care Teams ' roles in assessment .
general practitioners ' and primary health care teams ' roles in [evaluation] .

Through this , an agreement has been reached on the role of General Practitioners and other medical practitioners in the assessment process .
through this , an agreement has been reached on the role of general practitioners and other medical practitioners in the [evaluation] process .

Financial assessment .
financial [evaluation] .

Adapt client information systems to support assessment , etc .
adapt client information systems to support [evaluation] , etc .

Systems for financial assessment and purchasing .
systems for financial [evaluation] and purchasing .

District based training will include Assessment and Care Management , Implementation Training , and Introductory Training of Service Provision Staff .
district based training will include [evaluation] and care management , implementation training , and introductory training of service provision staff .

The Lothian proposals for assessing needs have been developed over the past year by the Lothian Assessment and Care Management Steering Group — an interagency group chaired by Lothian Social Work with representatives from Lothian Health Board ( medicine , nursing and planning ) , General Practitioners , District Council housing departments , housing associations , voluntary and private sector organisations and users ' and carers ' groups .
the lothian proposals for assessing needs have been developed over the past year by the lothian [evaluation] and care management steering group — an interagency group chaired by lothian social work with representatives from lothian health board ( medicine , nursing and planning ) , general practitioners , district council housing departments , housing associations , voluntary and private sector organisations and users ' and carers ' groups .

The outcome is a proposed model of assessment which we believe is sound but which now needs to be interpreted and applied in the different single and multidisciplinary settings .
the outcome is a proposed model of [evaluation] which we believe is sound but which now needs to be interpreted and applied in the different single and multidisciplinary settings .

The Lothian assessment model proposes three levels of assessment :
the lothian [evaluation] model proposes three levels of [evaluation] :

Each request for assessment will be ‘ screened ’ by an experienced member of staff and a decision made about the best type of assessment to be offered , by whom and when .
each request for [evaluation] will be ‘ screened ’ by an experienced member of staff and a decision made about the best type of [evaluation] to be offered , by whom and when .

Specific forms for community care referrals , assessment and care planning are now out in draft and will be amended in the light of comments and ‘ trial runs ’ .
specific forms for community care referrals , [evaluation] and care planning are now out in draft and will be amended in the light of comments and ‘ trial runs ’ .

Special consideration should be given in information and assessment arrangements for members of ethnic minority groups .
special consideration should be given in information and [evaluation] arrangements for members of ethnic minority groups .

Learning about Key Systems and Skills ( eg Assessment and Care Management ) required to implement them .
learning about key systems and skills ( eg [evaluation] and care management ) required to implement them .

In-house Assessment and Financial Management Training has been organised on a District basis for February , March ( 2.5 days and 2 days respectively per District ) .
in-house [evaluation] and financial management training has been organised on a district basis for february , march ( 2.5 days and 2 days respectively per district ) .

an assessment drive
an [evaluation] drive

You can ask for a community care assessment from the local authority Social Work Department .
you can ask for a community care [evaluation] from the local authority social work department .

4.18 All admission policies in the Department 's residential and day care units should be reviewed to ensure that they explicitly include an assessment of the potential risk of violence from the client/and or their family .
4.18 all admission policies in the department 's residential and day care units should be reviewed to ensure that they explicitly include an [evaluation] of the potential risk of violence from the client/and or their family .

Records in the establishment should include an assessment for the potential for or history of violence from that client .
records in the establishment should include an [evaluation] for the potential for or history of violence from that client .

The best predictor of future behaviour is past behaviour and this is worth keeping in mind as part of the assessment of risk .
the best predictor of future behaviour is past behaviour and this is worth keeping in mind as part of the [evaluation] of risk .

3.3 Whilst the assessment of risk and the permitted limits of response in a given situation remain a matter for individual judgement some simple advice consistent with the relevant legal and policy guidelines and training principles may be useful .
3.3 whilst the [evaluation] of risk and the permitted limits of response in a given situation remain a matter for individual judgement some simple advice consistent with the relevant legal and policy guidelines and training principles may be useful .

However , it is clear that some people will want to consider seeking an assessment to enable them to move into a residential or nursing home .
however , it is clear that some people will want to consider seeking an [evaluation] to enable them to move into a residential or nursing home .

However , if you think you may need help to meet the charges , please contact your local Social Work Centre or Hospital Social Worker who will be able to arrange an assessment of your needs .
however , if you think you may need help to meet the charges , please contact your local social work centre or hospital social worker who will be able to arrange an [evaluation] of your needs .

The Department will make residential placements only in residential or nursing homes registered with Lothian Regional Council Social Work Department , with Lothian Health Board , or with any other Local Authority or Health Board in Scotland , or a Local Authority or Health Authority in England and Wales ; within the parameters on assessment , cost and availability of places set out in the Government 's Statutory Direction on Choice of Residential Accommodation , the Department is in principle prepared to purchase a residential service in any such home .
the department will make residential placements only in residential or nursing homes registered with lothian regional council social work department , with lothian health board , or with any other local authority or health board in scotland , or a local authority or health authority in england and wales ; within the parameters on [evaluation] , cost and availability of places set out in the government 's statutory direction on choice of residential accommodation , the department is in principle prepared to purchase a residential service in any such home .

The concept of differentiated costs as one which must necessarily emerge from services driven by the assessment of individual need .
the concept of differentiated costs as one which must necessarily emerge from services driven by the [evaluation] of individual need .

The need to maintain simplicity in any pricing system , that does not distort but helps articulate the assessment process .
the need to maintain simplicity in any pricing system , that does not distort but helps articulate the [evaluation] process .

An assessment will be carried out by someone who will try to find out what kind of needs you have and what services would best meet those needs .
an [evaluation] will be carried out by someone who will try to find out what kind of needs you have and what services would best meet those needs .

Once we have worked out with you how much you will pay towards your care , the Department has the right to continue to base this on the amount of money you had at the time of your assessment .
once we have worked out with you how much you will pay towards your care , the department has the right to continue to base this on the amount of money you had at the time of your [evaluation] .

Making an assessment
making an [evaluation]

From April 1993 the Department of Social Work must ensure that people who wish to use community care services , get a prompt and skilled assessment of their needs .
from april 1993 the department of social work must ensure that people who wish to use community care services , get a prompt and skilled [evaluation] of their needs .

Improve information on assessment and counselling for people using prescribed or illegal drugs or solvents .
improve information on [evaluation] and counselling for people using prescribed or illegal drugs or solvents .

The provision of £232 million reflects lower oil price expectations and a more conservative assessment of reserves in certain fields .
the provision of £232 million reflects lower oil price expectations and a more conservative [evaluation] of reserves in certain fields .

‘ Risk assessment on behalf of the client may be expected to demonstrate management capabilities and awareness of weakness or exposure .
‘ risk [evaluation] on behalf of the client may be expected to demonstrate management capabilities and awareness of weakness or exposure .

In this way a company will find risk assessment a positive tool for demonstrating efficiency and control ’ .
in this way a company will find risk [evaluation] a positive tool for demonstrating efficiency and control ’ .

Environmental Assessment of the Dyfed Gwynedd Powys Operational Programme Projects
environmental [evaluation] of the dyfed gwynedd powys operational programme projects

We urge you to ensure the most stringent environmental assessment procedures are followed before any irreversible damage is done .
we urge you to ensure the most stringent environmental [evaluation] procedures are followed before any irreversible damage is done .

The relationship between economic development and environmental protection : sometimes mutually reinforcing , sometimes pulling in opposite directions — the importance of effective assessment techniques and policy integration .
the relationship between economic development and environmental protection : sometimes mutually reinforcing , sometimes pulling in opposite directions — the importance of effective [evaluation] techniques and policy integration .

8 Achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment techniques .
8 achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact [evaluation] techniques .

We therefore called on the Government to suspend the 14th Round pending the results of a Strategic Environmental Assessment of all aspects of the search for oil and gas around the coastline of Wales , but to no avail .
we therefore called on the government to suspend the 14th round pending the results of a strategic environmental [evaluation] of all aspects of the search for oil and gas around the coastline of wales , but to no avail .

Increasing concern over the effects of dredging sand and gravel from submerged offshore banks was reflected in our call for a full Environmental Assessment of an application for a licence to dredge part of the Helwick Bank off Gower .
increasing concern over the effects of dredging sand and gravel from submerged offshore banks was reflected in our call for a full environmental [evaluation] of an application for a licence to dredge part of the helwick bank off gower .

We urge the Government to go much further through the introduction of Strategic Environmental Assessment techniques to bring aggregates consumption down to levels that are environmentally and socially acceptable .
we urge the government to go much further through the introduction of strategic environmental [evaluation] techniques to bring aggregates consumption down to levels that are environmentally and socially acceptable .

Strategic Environmental Assessment would not only help reveal the level of sustainable resources ( new and recycled ) , but also determine the priority for their use .
strategic environmental [evaluation] would not only help reveal the level of sustainable resources ( new and recycled ) , but also determine the priority for their use .

We urge the Government to go much further through the introduction of Strategic Environmental Assessment techniques to bring aggregates consumption down to levels that are environmentally and socially acceptable .
we urge the government to go much further through the introduction of strategic environmental [evaluation] techniques to bring aggregates consumption down to levels that are environmentally and socially acceptable .

Strategic Environmental Assessment would not only help reveal the level of sustainable resources ( new and recycled ) , but also determine the priority for their use .
strategic environmental [evaluation] would not only help reveal the level of sustainable resources ( new and recycled ) , but also determine the priority for their use .

We welcome the enhanced environmental considerations in the guidance , particularly that on the relationship between transport , pollution and energy use ; the importance of taking care when converting buildings of special architectural or historic interest ; and on the application of Environmental Assessment to industrial and commercial development .
we welcome the enhanced environmental considerations in the guidance , particularly that on the relationship between transport , pollution and energy use ; the importance of taking care when converting buildings of special architectural or historic interest ; and on the application of environmental [evaluation] to industrial and commercial development .

Environmental Assessment
environmental [evaluation]

Planning for the Community — new housing should only be allowed to meet local needs , and an assessment should be made of the effect of every proposed development on the community , its environment , language and cultural identity .
planning for the community — new housing should only be allowed to meet local needs , and an [evaluation] should be made of the effect of every proposed development on the community , its environment , language and cultural identity .

The relationship between economic development and environmental protection : sometimes mutually reinforcing , sometimes pulling in opposite directions — the importance of effective assessment techniques and policy integration .
the relationship between economic development and environmental protection : sometimes mutually reinforcing , sometimes pulling in opposite directions — the importance of effective [evaluation] techniques and policy integration .

Achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment techniques .
achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact [evaluation] techniques .

This is also reflected in a soon-to-be released report by the Standing Advisory Committee on Trunk Road Assessment which has spent two years studying new economic techniques of valuing the environment .
this is also reflected in a soon-to-be released report by the standing advisory committee on trunk road [evaluation] which has spent two years studying new economic techniques of valuing the environment .

Elements of the new approach include looking at the cost of environmental degradation of an area in terms of : its effect on house prices ; the cost of alternative methods of transport ; the value local people place on maintaining environmental features intact ; and an assessment of the cost of replacement , for example moving a colony of badgers .
elements of the new approach include looking at the cost of environmental degradation of an area in terms of : its effect on house prices ; the cost of alternative methods of transport ; the value local people place on maintaining environmental features intact ; and an [evaluation] of the cost of replacement , for example moving a colony of badgers .

3 ) Assessment In Learning And Teaching
3 ) [evaluation] in learning and teaching

In the area of assessment there has been considerable debate in recent years among Catholic teachers . Accordingly , it is appropriate to note the following :
in the area of [evaluation] there has been considerable debate in recent years among catholic teachers . accordingly , it is appropriate to note the following :

It is now generally accepted in Scottish Education that the above view of the purpose of assessment ( i.e .
it is now generally accepted in scottish education that the above view of the purpose of [evaluation] ( i.e .

4 ) Assessment For Certification
4 ) [evaluation] for certification

Firstly , the assessment will be ungraded .
firstly , the [evaluation] will be ungraded .

Secondly , in the attainment of each learning outcome pupils must be informed of the tasks which contribute to summative assessment .
secondly , in the attainment of each learning outcome pupils must be informed of the tasks which contribute to summative [evaluation] .

Thirdly , normal classroom activities will provide the evidence for the greater part of assessment .
thirdly , normal classroom activities will provide the evidence for the greater part of [evaluation] .

This requirement is linked to the formative view of assessment as outlined above , and will clearly be of benefit to less academic pupils .
this requirement is linked to the formative view of [evaluation] as outlined above , and will clearly be of benefit to less academic pupils .

Nevertheless , despite the above positive features of assessment and certification , there may be some well-motivated and diligent pupils who still fail to achieve all the learning outcomes .
nevertheless , despite the above positive features of [evaluation] and certification , there may be some well-motivated and diligent pupils who still fail to achieve all the learning outcomes .

Community Situation Analysis/Needs Assessment
community situation analysis/needs [evaluation]

An ambivalence to assessment in Catholic schools rightly stems from the view that religious education in its entirety can not be submitted to formal and sharply focussed testing because of its very nature and its concern with personal faith and commitment .
an ambivalence to [evaluation] in catholic schools rightly stems from the view that religious education in its entirety can not be submitted to formal and sharply focussed testing because of its very nature and its concern with personal faith and commitment .

However , many recognise that if Religious Education is to hold parity of status with other areas of the curriculum it must be open to assessment which is an integral part of the teaching and learning process .
however , many recognise that if religious education is to hold parity of status with other areas of the curriculum it must be open to [evaluation] which is an integral part of the teaching and learning process .

Assessment in Catholic Religious Education would have to take great care against falling into the trap of only aiming to develop that which readily lends itself to measurement .
[evaluation] in catholic religious education would have to take great care against falling into the trap of only aiming to develop that which readily lends itself to measurement .

It is essential that assessment in a Catholic school should be compassionate .
it is essential that [evaluation] in a catholic school should be compassionate .

Many techniques for assessment in Religious Education are recognised within the Catholic sector but sometimes these are casually applied and yield a diversity of information which is too general for effective use .
many techniques for [evaluation] in religious education are recognised within the catholic sector but sometimes these are casually applied and yield a diversity of information which is too general for effective use .

Work by Tebby ( 1980 and 1982 ) supports an assessment of mosaicists as craftsmen of limited geometrical ability .
work by tebby ( 1980 and 1982 ) supports an [evaluation] of mosaicists as craftsmen of limited geometrical ability .

The panel recommends National Park status for the New Forest , and calls for assessment studies on other possible candidates , including the South Downs , North Pennines , the Cambrian Mountains of Wales .
the panel recommends national park status for the new forest , and calls for [evaluation] studies on other possible candidates , including the south downs , north pennines , the cambrian mountains of wales .

Those enrolled for complete areas of study will be required to undertake the full assessment schedule for those areas of study .
those enrolled for complete areas of study will be required to undertake the full [evaluation] schedule for those areas of study .

Assessment Strategy
[evaluation] strategy

Continuous assessment programmes in each area of study must be totally integrated with and supportive of the specification for the topic area .
continuous [evaluation] programmes in each area of study must be totally integrated with and supportive of the specification for the topic area .

Assignments should be devised to test both individual abilities and abilities to work as a member of a group ; in the latter case , when group assignments are submitted for moderation as part of the course assessment , moderators will require clear indication of how the contribution of individual students will be identified in the marking of the work .
assignments should be devised to test both individual abilities and abilities to work as a member of a group ; in the latter case , when group assignments are submitted for moderation as part of the course [evaluation] , moderators will require clear indication of how the contribution of individual students will be identified in the marking of the work .

Assessment and Award of the Professional Certificate
[evaluation] and award of the professional certificate

successfully completed the assessment schedules of all five areas of study .
successfully completed the [evaluation] schedules of all five areas of study .

Assessment and Award of a Record of Achievement
[evaluation] and award of a record of achievement

In order to gain a Record of Achievement a student must have successfully completed the assessment schedule(s) of the single area(s) of study for which he/she is registered .
in order to gain a record of achievement a student must have successfully completed the [evaluation] schedule(s) of the single area(s) of study for which he/she is registered .

Assessment of Individual Areas of Study
[evaluation] of individual areas of study

The Case Study assessment will comprise
the case study [evaluation] will comprise

centre devised assessment schemes which carry 40% of the weighting for the areas of study
centre devised [evaluation] schemes which carry 40% of the weighting for the areas of study

Assessment and Award of the Professional Diploma
[evaluation] and award of the professional diploma

successfully completed the assessment schedules of all six areas of study .
successfully completed the [evaluation] schedules of all six areas of study .

Assessment and Award of records of Achievement
[evaluation] and award of records of achievement

In order to gain a Record of Achievement a student must have successfully completed the assessment schedule(s) including the examination(s) for the single area(s) of study for which he/she is registered .
in order to gain a record of achievement a student must have successfully completed the [evaluation] schedule(s) including the examination(s) for the single area(s) of study for which he/she is registered .

Assessment of Individual Areas of Study
[evaluation] of individual areas of study

Assessment marks gained by a student can be taken into account with one resit examination .
[evaluation] marks gained by a student can be taken into account with one resit examination .

for approval of assessment schemes
for approval of [evaluation] schemes

Approval of Assessment Schemes
approval of [evaluation] schemes

An outline assessment plan for the area of study .
an outline [evaluation] plan for the area of study .

Assessment schemes must be approved for each new intake of students onto a programme and are best approved before the programme commences .
[evaluation] schemes must be approved for each new intake of students onto a programme and are best approved before the programme commences .

The Moderator will review the assessment programme as submitted by the centre and may :
the moderator will review the [evaluation] programme as submitted by the centre and may :

Certification of Assessment Marks by Moderator
certification of [evaluation] marks by moderator

However , each centre will deal with only one moderator who will thus have the opportunity to develop a more ‘ in depth ’ understanding of the centre 's assessment strategy , encourage integration between areas of study , ensure that there is no undue overlap or gaps in the overall assessment plan and give continuity .
however , each centre will deal with only one moderator who will thus have the opportunity to develop a more ‘ in depth ’ understanding of the centre 's [evaluation] strategy , encourage integration between areas of study , ensure that there is no undue overlap or gaps in the overall [evaluation] plan and give continuity .

Approval of Examination Papers and Assessment Schedules
approval of examination papers and [evaluation] schedules

a statement on the assessment strategy for the year , setting out how the various elements of the area of study will be assessed ( assignment and/or examination ) and how the assessment will contribute to the student 's learning experience .
a statement on the [evaluation] strategy for the year , setting out how the various elements of the area of study will be assessed ( assignment and/or examination ) and how the [evaluation] will contribute to the student 's learning experience .

assessment schedules : dates by which work must be submitted/ resubmitted to tutors
[evaluation] schedules : dates by which work must be submitted/ resubmitted to tutors

assessment schemes , including weighting of the assignments , relating to areas of study being offered .
[evaluation] schemes , including weighting of the assignments , relating to areas of study being offered .

It was not , however , willing to discuss its assessment of the impact of its operations on the environment and on the local people .
it was not , however , willing to discuss its [evaluation] of the impact of its operations on the environment and on the local people .

Environmentalists have reported the government to the European Commission over nine road schemes which have been given approval without an environmental assessment .
environmentalists have reported the government to the european commission over nine road schemes which have been given approval without an environmental [evaluation] .

This represents 16 per cent of the country — land and sea — an increase of 4 per cent on a similar assessment last year .
this represents 16 per cent of the country — land and sea — an increase of 4 per cent on a similar [evaluation] last year .

They point out that the conservation value of the land to be planted has not been considered in the report 's assessment , and that commercial viability has taken precedence . ``
they point out that the conservation value of the land to be planted has not been considered in the report 's [evaluation] , and that commercial viability has taken precedence . ``

It is intended to develop a number of approaches to the assessment in the work place of competences , that arise as an integral part of the role of personnel managers .
it is intended to develop a number of approaches to the [evaluation] in the work place of competences , that arise as an integral part of the role of personnel managers .

The first phase of the programme includes the agreement of a personal learning contract based on an assessment of personal competences in relation to career objectives .
the first phase of the programme includes the agreement of a personal learning contract based on an [evaluation] of personal competences in relation to career objectives .

Assessment of the PhD/MPhil is by thesis and viva voce .
[evaluation] of the phd/mphil is by thesis and viva voce .

However , the decision to make this assumption explicit in [ 18b ] does convey something — something about the speaker 's assessment of the hearer 's processing resources , and hence something about the speaker 's assessment of their relationship .
however , the decision to make this assumption explicit in [ 18b ] does convey something — something about the speaker 's [evaluation] of the hearer 's processing resources , and hence something about the speaker 's [evaluation] of their relationship .

Where this assessment is incorrect , the result might be described as a ponderous or patronising style .
where this [evaluation] is incorrect , the result might be described as a ponderous or patronising style .

The decision to accept ordinary shares may therefore often depend on an assessment of the economic situation , the company 's gearing level , its capacity for growth and its ability to service its debt .
the decision to accept ordinary shares may therefore often depend on an [evaluation] of the economic situation , the company 's gearing level , its capacity for growth and its ability to service its debt .

( 2 ) Difficulty of assessment of damages is an indication in favour of categorising a term as a condition .
( 2 ) difficulty of [evaluation] of damages is an indication in favour of categorising a term as a condition .

As an exception to this rule , secured or unsecured loans or credits may be granted to a customer by the firm to fund a margin requirement provided that a credit assessment is made of the customer by an employee of the firm who is independent of the trading or marketing functions of the firm ( eg the compliance officer ) , and the maximum amount of the loan or credit to be granted has been notified to the customer and , in respect of a private customer , has been set out in writing and agreed by the customer in accordance with Rule 5 – 27 ( customer borrowing ) .
as an exception to this rule , secured or unsecured loans or credits may be granted to a customer by the firm to fund a margin requirement provided that a credit [evaluation] is made of the customer by an employee of the firm who is independent of the trading or marketing functions of the firm ( eg the compliance officer ) , and the maximum amount of the loan or credit to be granted has been notified to the customer and , in respect of a private customer , has been set out in writing and agreed by the customer in accordance with rule 5 – 27 ( customer borrowing ) .

Part Three covers legal procedures to protect children and includes practice and procedure in applications for care and supervision orders , emergency protection orders , child assessment orders and other related matters .
part three covers legal procedures to protect children and includes practice and procedure in applications for care and supervision orders , emergency protection orders , child [evaluation] orders and other related matters .

This contains the provisions which govern the making of child assessment and emergency protection orders .
this contains the provisions which govern the making of child [evaluation] and emergency protection orders .

Section 43 deals with child assessment orders .
section 43 deals with child [evaluation] orders .

4 Assessment of need
4 [evaluation] of need

Paragraphs 2.7 to 2.9 of Volume 2 of The Children Act 1989 Guidance and Regulations explain how local authorities should carry out an assessment of need .
paragraphs 2.7 to 2.9 of volume 2 of the children act 1989 guidance and regulations explain how local authorities should carry out an [evaluation] of need .

The assessment should take into account the child 's physical , emotional and educational needs according to his age , sex , religion , culture and language .
the [evaluation] should take into account the child 's physical , emotional and educational needs according to his age , sex , religion , culture and language .

If access is refused , or information about the child 's whereabouts withheld , they must apply for an emergency protection , child assessment , care or supervision order unless satisfied that the child 's welfare can be satisfactorily safeguarded without such action ( s47 ( 6 ) ) .
if access is refused , or information about the child 's whereabouts withheld , they must apply for an emergency protection , child [evaluation] , care or supervision order unless satisfied that the child 's welfare can be satisfactorily safeguarded without such action ( s47 ( 6 ) ) .

If it decides not to apply for an emergency protection , child assessment , care or supervision order it must consider whether it would be appropriate to review the case at a later date ( s47 ( 7 ) ( a ) ) .
if it decides not to apply for an emergency protection , child [evaluation] , care or supervision order it must consider whether it would be appropriate to review the case at a later date ( s47 ( 7 ) ( a ) ) .

8 The guardian ad litem ( a ) Appointment The court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the United Kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .
8 the guardian ad litem ( a ) appointment the court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child [evaluation] orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the united kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .

To attend all directions appointments and hearings , unless excused , and to advise the court orally or in writing : ( i ) whether the child is of sufficient understanding for any purpose including refusal to submit to medical or psychiatric examination or other assessment ; ( ii ) what the child 's wishes are in relation to any matter relevant to the proceedings including his own attendance at court ; ( iii ) which is the appropriate forum for the proceedings ; ( iv ) what is the appropriate timing of the proceedings ; ( v ) what options are available to the court , the suitability of each and what order should be made .
to attend all directions appointments and hearings , unless excused , and to advise the court orally or in writing : ( i ) whether the child is of sufficient understanding for any purpose including refusal to submit to medical or psychiatric examination or other [evaluation] ; ( ii ) what the child 's wishes are in relation to any matter relevant to the proceedings including his own attendance at court ; ( iii ) which is the appropriate forum for the proceedings ; ( iv ) what is the appropriate timing of the proceedings ; ( v ) what options are available to the court , the suitability of each and what order should be made .

The court has power to give directions on medical or psychiatric examination or other assessment when making an interim care or supervision order or an emergency protection order .
the court has power to give directions on medical or psychiatric examination or other [evaluation] when making an interim care or supervision order or an emergency protection order .

In the magistrates ' court , claims for costs should be sent to the Legal Aid Board for assessment .
in the magistrates ' court , claims for costs should be sent to the legal aid board for [evaluation] .

In the county court and High Court , claims for costs must be assessed if they do not exceed £500 and a solicitor may opt for assessment where costs do not exceed £1,000 ( Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 ) .
in the county court and high court , claims for costs must be assessed if they do not exceed £500 and a solicitor may opt for [evaluation] where costs do not exceed £1,000 ( civil legal aid ( general ) regulations 1989 ) .

Eligibility is determined by a means test administered by the solicitor and based upon assessment of disposable income and capital .
eligibility is determined by a means test administered by the solicitor and based upon [evaluation] of disposable income and capital .

The court can give directions relating to medical or psychiatric examination or any other kind of assessment when making an interim order or at any time while an order is in force ( s38 ( 6 ) ) .
the court can give directions relating to medical or psychiatric examination or any other kind of [evaluation] when making an interim order or at any time while an order is in force ( s38 ( 6 ) ) .

See Chapter 11 , 5 for discussion of the various types of child assessment which may be carried out .
see chapter 11 , 5 for discussion of the various types of child [evaluation] which may be carried out .

Directions for examination and assessment
directions for examination and [evaluation]

Very often an examination or assessment will be necessary for evidential purposes .
very often an examination or [evaluation] will be necessary for evidential purposes .

This may be achieved by allowing parents to nominate their own expert to observe or jointly conduct any examination or assessment .
this may be achieved by allowing parents to nominate their own expert to observe or jointly conduct any examination or [evaluation] .

Where an assessment involves interviewing the child about matters which are central to the case the court may stipulate that all interviews be recorded on video tape .
where an [evaluation] involves interviewing the child about matters which are central to the case the court may stipulate that all interviews be recorded on video tape .

Where there is a conflict of views it is for the court to decide on the nature of the examination or assessment governed as always by the need to give paramount consideration to the child 's welfare .
where there is a conflict of views it is for the court to decide on the nature of the examination or [evaluation] governed as always by the need to give paramount consideration to the child 's welfare .

Where appropriate the court can expressly prohibit examination or assessment or state that it shall not take place unless the court directs otherwise ( s38 ( 7 ) ) .
where appropriate the court can expressly prohibit examination or [evaluation] or state that it shall not take place unless the court directs otherwise ( s38 ( 7 ) ) .

Notwithstanding any direction the court may make , a child of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision may refuse to submit to an examination or other assessment ( s38 ( 6 ) ) .
notwithstanding any direction the court may make , a child of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision may refuse to submit to an examination or other [evaluation] ( s38 ( 6 ) ) .

Once a direction has been made it is the responsibility of the person conducting the examination or assessment to ensure that a child of sufficient understanding does in fact consent .
once a direction has been made it is the responsibility of the person conducting the examination or [evaluation] to ensure that a child of sufficient understanding does in fact consent .

This is because a treatment requirement would be inappropriate in a short-term order and the court has power to order an examination or assessment under s38 ( 6 ) .
this is because a treatment requirement would be inappropriate in a short-term order and the court has power to order an examination or [evaluation] under s38 ( 6 ) .

Section 663 provides that where there is a settlement , and during the life of the settlor any income is paid to or for the benefit of a child of the settlor in any year of assessment , the income shall , if at the time of payment the child is unmarried and below the age of 18 , be treated as the settlor 's income and not the income of any other person .
section 663 provides that where there is a settlement , and during the life of the settlor any income is paid to or for the benefit of a child of the settlor in any year of [evaluation] , the income shall , if at the time of payment the child is unmarried and below the age of 18 , be treated as the settlor 's income and not the income of any other person .

Where a capital sum ( as defined ) is paid directly or indirectly in any relevant year of assessment by the trustees of a settlement to the settlor then , to the extent that there is an amount of income available ( as defined ) in the settlement , the settlor can be taxed on that capital sum as if it were income .
where a capital sum ( as defined ) is paid directly or indirectly in any relevant year of [evaluation] by the trustees of a settlement to the settlor then , to the extent that there is an amount of income available ( as defined ) in the settlement , the settlor can be taxed on that capital sum as if it were income .

How the assessment on the settlor works
how the [evaluation] on the settlor works

Where a capital sum is paid to the settlor in the year of assessment by a body corporate connected with the settlement in that year it shall be assumed until the contrary is shown that an associated payment of an amount not less than the amount of the capital sum has been made to that body corporate by the trustees of the settlement ( s678 ( 7 ) ) .
where a capital sum is paid to the settlor in the year of [evaluation] by a body corporate connected with the settlement in that year it shall be assumed until the contrary is shown that an associated payment of an amount not less than the amount of the capital sum has been made to that body corporate by the trustees of the settlement ( s678 ( 7 ) ) .

Income was accumulated and capital payments were made to six beneficiaries between the years of assessment 1962/63 and 1968/69 .
income was accumulated and capital payments were made to six beneficiaries between the years of [evaluation] 1962/63 and 1968/69 .

Also , the liability of any individual beneficiary may depend on when the Revenue chooses to make its assessment .
also , the liability of any individual beneficiary may depend on when the revenue chooses to make its [evaluation] .

Relevant income for any year of assessment , in relation to an individual is any income which arises in that year to a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom and which by virtue or in consequence of the transfer or associated operations referred to in the main charging provision — s740 — can directly or indirectly be used for providing a benefit for the individual or for enabling a benefit to be provided for him .
relevant income for any year of [evaluation] , in relation to an individual is any income which arises in that year to a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom and which by virtue or in consequence of the transfer or associated operations referred to in the main charging provision — s740 — can directly or indirectly be used for providing a benefit for the individual or for enabling a benefit to be provided for him .

It is possible to construe the words `` the relevant income of a year of assessment `` in two ways , ie as establishing a `` once-and-for-all `` test or as establishing a `` continuing review `` test .
it is possible to construe the words `` the relevant income of a year of [evaluation] `` in two ways , ie as establishing a `` once-and-for-all `` test or as establishing a `` continuing review `` test .

Under the `` once-and-for-all `` test what matters is that the income can be used to benefit the individual in question in the year of assessment in which it arises , and it does not matter if it is not possible so to apply that income in a subsequent year of assessment .
under the `` once-and-for-all `` test what matters is that the income can be used to benefit the individual in question in the year of [evaluation] in which it arises , and it does not matter if it is not possible so to apply that income in a subsequent year of [evaluation] .

In subsequent correspondence Technical Division were asked to confirm that the timing of the provision of the benefit to the non-resident or non-domiciled beneficiary was irrelevant , ie that it did not matter whether the income in question was paid to him in the year of assessment in which it arose or in a subsequent year , but Technical Division refused to confirm that this was the case on the grounds that the actual circumstances of particular cases tended to vary so widely that they felt unable to answer the question without more details .
in subsequent correspondence technical division were asked to confirm that the timing of the provision of the benefit to the non-resident or non-domiciled beneficiary was irrelevant , ie that it did not matter whether the income in question was paid to him in the year of [evaluation] in which it arose or in a subsequent year , but technical division refused to confirm that this was the case on the grounds that the actual circumstances of particular cases tended to vary so widely that they felt unable to answer the question without more details .

In addition , one must ensure that he was not resident in the United Kingdom for three full years of assessment being the year ended 5 April .
in addition , one must ensure that he was not resident in the united kingdom for three full years of [evaluation] being the year ended 5 april .

This part of the process should be carried out in conjunction with the external assessment described in paragraph 1.2 .
this part of the process should be carried out in conjunction with the external [evaluation] described in paragraph 1.2 .

This information will be used as background information and could be used to help decide whether or not other methods of assessment , such as an interview , are required .
this information will be used as background information and could be used to help decide whether or not other methods of [evaluation] , such as an interview , are required .

8 Methods of assessment
8 methods of [evaluation]

( ii ) Specialist skills Drafting of pleadings Investigation and other research Assessment of damages and calculation of interest Case management Selecting and using expert witnesses
( ii ) specialist skills drafting of pleadings investigation and other research [evaluation] of damages and calculation of interest case management selecting and using expert witnesses

They could be used to decide whether or not other methods of assessment , such as an interview , are required .
they could be used to decide whether or not other methods of [evaluation] , such as an interview , are required .

8 Methods of assessment
8 methods of [evaluation]

It reminded her how he had given her naked body that same assessment in the shower last night .
it reminded her how he had given her naked body that same [evaluation] in the shower last night .

If we decided through the first of these two methods , which begins with moral assessment of each individual 's record one by one , that each shareholder was indeed responsible for a share of the loss , then we might well report our conclusion in the language of personification .
if we decided through the first of these two methods , which begins with moral [evaluation] of each individual 's record one by one , that each shareholder was indeed responsible for a share of the loss , then we might well report our conclusion in the language of personification .

They would carry out an initial assessment , based on an evaluation of your lifestyle , age , level of anxiety and so on .
they would carry out an initial [evaluation] , based on an evaluation of your lifestyle , age , level of anxiety and so on .

‘ Not as bad as it looked on first assessment .
‘ not as bad as it looked on first [evaluation] .

Both teacher-initiated and pupil-initiated assessment questions should be formulated for the particular piece work which incorporates the use of the program .
both teacher-initiated and pupil-initiated [evaluation] questions should be formulated for the particular piece work which incorporates the use of the program .

‘ The forecast was that romance would come into your life tonight , but that 's hardly been a true assessment of what 's happened , has it ? ’
‘ the forecast was that romance would come into your life tonight , but that 's hardly been a true [evaluation] of what 's happened , has it ? ’

For her decision depended solely on her assessment of Janice .
for her decision depended solely on her [evaluation] of janice .

The planning authority has to assess the amount of land required for mineral working , and this requires an assessment of the future demand likely to be made on production in its area .
the planning authority has to assess the amount of land required for mineral working , and this requires an [evaluation] of the future demand likely to be made on production in its area .

It maintained that no new code for the assessment of compensation or the collection of betterment would be adequate if this individualistic system remained .
it maintained that no new code for the [evaluation] of compensation or the collection of betterment would be adequate if this individualistic system remained .

Those who view development charge as a tax on development — and they are in the great majority — look for some definite relation between the amount assessed and the cost of the land or of the development ; and their failure to find any makes them very critical of the method of assessment .
those who view development charge as a tax on development — and they are in the great majority — look for some definite relation between the amount assessed and the cost of the land or of the development ; and their failure to find any makes them very critical of the method of [evaluation] .

First he has the reserve power to direct a local authority to make an assessment of land available and suitable for residential development ( see below ) .
first he has the reserve power to direct a local authority to make an [evaluation] of land available and suitable for residential development ( see below ) .

If an assessment reveals that a 5 year supply of land in line with structure and local plan policies is not available , the authorities concerned should take immediate steps , consistent with those policies , to make up the deficiency .
if an [evaluation] reveals that a 5 year supply of land in line with structure and local plan policies is not available , the authorities concerned should take immediate steps , consistent with those policies , to make up the deficiency .

It is also noteworthy that there is a provision in the 1980 Local Government , Planning and Land Act for the secretary of state to direct a local authority to ‘ make an assessment of land which is in its area and which is in its opinion available and suitable for development for residential purposes ’ .
it is also noteworthy that there is a provision in the 1980 local government , planning and land act for the secretary of state to direct a local authority to ‘ make an [evaluation] of land which is in its area and which is in its opinion available and suitable for development for residential purposes ’ .

These ratings of a specific meaning were made possible by a two-stage assessment procedure carried out by the members of the research team , rather than using self-rating questionnaire methods .
these ratings of a specific meaning were made possible by a two-stage [evaluation] procedure carried out by the members of the research team , rather than using self-rating questionnaire methods .

It also enabled an assessment of the adequacy of the provisions in the eyes of the respondent .
it also enabled an [evaluation] of the adequacy of the provisions in the eyes of the respondent .

From their results they argue that this is not so much an objective assessment of the functioning of their personal networks , but a judgment based on the ‘ intrapsychic needs of the respondent , in terms of ‘ dependency ’ or anxious attachment ' ( Henderson , 1982 ) .
from their results they argue that this is not so much an objective [evaluation] of the functioning of their personal networks , but a judgment based on the ‘ intrapsychic needs of the respondent , in terms of ‘ dependency ’ or anxious attachment ' ( henderson , 1982 ) .

All that is needed is a reliable assessment of current circumstances .
all that is needed is a reliable [evaluation] of current circumstances .

The assessment of parental indifference was based on the lack of parental interest shown in friends , school work , jobs and in adequate feeding and clothing of the child .
the [evaluation] of parental indifference was based on the lack of parental interest shown in friends , school work , jobs and in adequate feeding and clothing of the child .

His response to this development in O'Keeffe 's art was the first positive assessment of the result of the effort she had made to have her intentions as an artist redefined .
his response to this development in o'keeffe 's art was the first positive [evaluation] of the result of the effort she had made to have her intentions as an artist redefined .

‘ Maybe … maybe your character assessment is slightly flawed ? ’ What was she saying .
‘ maybe … maybe your character [evaluation] is slightly flawed ? ’ what was she saying .

His eyes ran up her with casual assessment , and then stopped on her face , lazily scanning it . How dared he treat her as if it was his right to inspect her with that insolent expression on his face ?
his eyes ran up her with casual [evaluation] , and then stopped on her face , lazily scanning it . how dared he treat her as if it was his right to inspect her with that insolent expression on his face ?

’ She felt ridiculously deflated , even though his assessment only matched her own .
’ she felt ridiculously deflated , even though his [evaluation] only matched her own .

Matthew 's assessment had been embarrassingly accurate .
matthew 's [evaluation] had been embarrassingly accurate .

Sandra had just arrived back in time to hear Mrs Foster 's grim assessment of the situation .
sandra had just arrived back in time to hear mrs foster 's grim [evaluation] of the situation .

The seat reclined back slowly , and he watched her , unsmiling , his blue eyes moving with deliberate sexual assessment over her body , his hand accidentally-on-purpose sliding the blanket from her .
the seat reclined back slowly , and he watched her , unsmiling , his blue eyes moving with deliberate sexual [evaluation] over her body , his hand accidentally-on-purpose sliding the blanket from her .

She was proved wrong in her assessment that they would see no one from the new extension , however .
she was proved wrong in her [evaluation] that they would see no one from the new extension , however .

Clearly the timing of uplift , volcanism and rifting is crucial in the assessment of the validity of the active and passive rifting models .
clearly the timing of uplift , volcanism and rifting is crucial in the [evaluation] of the validity of the active and passive rifting models .

Nevertheless , as mass migration became part of common people 's experience , and every child in County Kildare had some cousin , uncle or brother already in Australia or the United States , uprooting became a common — and not necessarily irreversible — choice based on an assessment of prospects , and not merely a force of destiny .
nevertheless , as mass migration became part of common people 's experience , and every child in county kildare had some cousin , uncle or brother already in australia or the united states , uprooting became a common — and not necessarily irreversible — choice based on an [evaluation] of prospects , and not merely a force of destiny .

‘ The Master 's ’ praise for his ‘ dreadfully vulgar ’ walk and his assessment of Ken 's ‘ wonderful ’ performance .
‘ the master 's ’ praise for his ‘ dreadfully vulgar ’ walk and his [evaluation] of ken 's ‘ wonderful ’ performance .

Totally divorced from that friendship is his assessment of Ken as an actor .
totally divorced from that friendship is his [evaluation] of ken as an actor .

When this has been entered ( unless a date has been given for the assessment ) the plaintiff should , when ready to prove his figures , apply for an appointment before the district judge , or , if the sum claimed is more than £1,000 , before the circuit judge ( unless the defendant admits liability ) .
when this has been entered ( unless a date has been given for the [evaluation] ) the plaintiff should , when ready to prove his figures , apply for an appointment before the district judge , or , if the sum claimed is more than £1,000 , before the circuit judge ( unless the defendant admits liability ) .

Interlocutory judgments and assessment of damages
interlocutory judgments and [evaluation] of damages

If at the pre-trial review the defendant does not appear and has not delivered an admission or defence and the plaintiff produces evidence as to the amount of his damages , then judgment may be entered for them ( Ord 17 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) , but if evidence is not then produced the court may enter a judgment for unliquidated damages and thereafter , unless the court has itself fixed a date for assessment of such damages , the plaintiff may apply for such assessment on seven days ' notice to the defendant ( Ord 22 , r 6 ( 1 ) ) .
if at the pre-trial review the defendant does not appear and has not delivered an admission or defence and the plaintiff produces evidence as to the amount of his damages , then judgment may be entered for them ( ord 17 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) , but if evidence is not then produced the court may enter a judgment for unliquidated damages and thereafter , unless the court has itself fixed a date for [evaluation] of such damages , the plaintiff may apply for such [evaluation] on seven days ' notice to the defendant ( ord 22 , r 6 ( 1 ) ) .

Assessment of Damages
[evaluation] of damages

2.12 Section 3 ( 1 ) of the Fatal Accidents Act 1976 deals with the assessment of damages .
2.12 section 3 ( 1 ) of the fatal accidents act 1976 deals with the [evaluation] of damages .

2.29 The assessment of a husband 's claim is made in a not dissimilar fashion to the way in which a wife 's claim is approached .
2.29 the [evaluation] of a husband 's claim is made in a not dissimilar fashion to the way in which a wife 's claim is approached .

As the fact of remarriage does not appear to be a relevant consideration ( see 2.25 above ) , remarriage alone would not warrant such a separate assessment .
as the fact of remarriage does not appear to be a relevant consideration ( see 2.25 above ) , remarriage alone would not warrant such a separate [evaluation] .

The plaintiff will want an independent assessment of the extent of his disability preferably from a doctor who was not involved in treating him and so will not be influenced by the extent of his recovery to date .
the plaintiff will want an independent [evaluation] of the extent of his disability preferably from a doctor who was not involved in treating him and so will not be influenced by the extent of his recovery to date .

The Directive however does not attempt to assess the bargain which the consumer has made under the contract and therefore excludes assessment of the unfair character of terms which relate to " the main subject matter of the contract " and " the quality/price ratio of the goods or services supplied " .
the directive however does not attempt to assess the bargain which the consumer has made under the contract and therefore excludes [evaluation] of the unfair character of terms which relate to " the main subject matter of the contract " and " the quality/price ratio of the goods or services supplied " .

The guidelines exclude the possibility of assessment of the bargain under the contract as described above .
the guidelines exclude the possibility of [evaluation] of the bargain under the contract as described above .

The assessment of the relative `` equities `` of the parties depends on an understanding of the geology of the site and the engineering technicalities of extracting the oil and/or gas , and the application to that information of an agreed method of calculation .
the [evaluation] of the relative `` equities `` of the parties depends on an understanding of the geology of the site and the engineering technicalities of extracting the oil and/or gas , and the application to that information of an agreed method of calculation .

If the landlord proves the stronger , the draftsman should make provision for the assessment of rent for empty property .
if the landlord proves the stronger , the draftsman should make provision for the [evaluation] of rent for empty property .

Nonetheless , the objective of the courts in the assessment of compensation in a personal injury case is the same as in any other case .
nonetheless , the objective of the courts in the [evaluation] of compensation in a personal injury case is the same as in any other case .

3.3 While it may be sufficient , in practical terms , to know that the assessment of damages for pain and suffering or other non-primary loss , is , in any particular case , going to depend largely upon the amounts awarded in previous cases which are perceived to be similar , or at least , where there are no such cases , upon the generality of awards of compensation for injury of that general type , that is unsatisfactory as a conceptual basis of compensation .
3.3 while it may be sufficient , in practical terms , to know that the [evaluation] of damages for pain and suffering or other non-primary loss , is , in any particular case , going to depend largely upon the amounts awarded in previous cases which are perceived to be similar , or at least , where there are no such cases , upon the generality of awards of compensation for injury of that general type , that is unsatisfactory as a conceptual basis of compensation .

Failure of the court in making its assessment of damages to take into account all the information available at the time of the trial could lead to illogical and unjust results .
failure of the court in making its [evaluation] of damages to take into account all the information available at the time of the trial could lead to illogical and unjust results .

The making of the assessment of damages in the light of all facts known at the date of the trial enables the court to take into account , if it be the case , the fact that the consequences of the plaintiff 's injuries were more serious than at first thought ; the fact that the expenses to which the plaintiff would be put in consequence of his injuries were higher than was first thought ; the fact that the plaintiff has died ; or the fact that the plaintiff has , since the accident , volunteered to be made redundant .
the making of the [evaluation] of damages in the light of all facts known at the date of the trial enables the court to take into account , if it be the case , the fact that the consequences of the plaintiff 's injuries were more serious than at first thought ; the fact that the expenses to which the plaintiff would be put in consequence of his injuries were higher than was first thought ; the fact that the plaintiff has died ; or the fact that the plaintiff has , since the accident , volunteered to be made redundant .

The court must take into account , in making its assessment in the case of any particular plaintiff , of the pain which he has actually suffered and will suffer and the suffering which he has undergone and will undergo .
the court must take into account , in making its [evaluation] in the case of any particular plaintiff , of the pain which he has actually suffered and will suffer and the suffering which he has undergone and will undergo .

However , the individual circumstances of particular plaintiffs clearly have a significant effect upon the assessment of damages .
however , the individual circumstances of particular plaintiffs clearly have a significant effect upon the [evaluation] of damages .

Guidelines for the assessment of general damages in personal injury cases
guidelines for the [evaluation] of general damages in personal injury cases

3.20 An interesting and important recent development in the assessment of general damages for pain and suffering and loss of amenities has been the publication of `` Guidelines for the Assessment of General Damages in Personal Injury Cases `` .
3.20 an interesting and important recent development in the [evaluation] of general damages for pain and suffering and loss of amenities has been the publication of `` guidelines for the [evaluation] of general damages in personal injury cases `` .

This is the report of a Working Party set up by the Judicial Studies Board with the objective of `` Facilitating a more uniform approach to the assessment `` of such damages .
this is the report of a working party set up by the judicial studies board with the objective of `` facilitating a more uniform approach to the [evaluation] `` of such damages .

This difference results in a different approach by the courts to the assessment of the two categories of damage .
this difference results in a different approach by the courts to the [evaluation] of the two categories of damage .

The assessment of past loss is relatively simple whereas the assessment of future loss involves varying degrees of difficulty .
the [evaluation] of past loss is relatively simple whereas the [evaluation] of future loss involves varying degrees of difficulty .

4.4 As has been stated , the principles of assessment are the same for both categories .
4.4 as has been stated , the principles of [evaluation] are the same for both categories .

The principles of assessment , the heads of damage and the deductions that have to be made are dealt with in this chapter .
the principles of [evaluation] , the heads of damage and the deductions that have to be made are dealt with in this chapter .

Basic Principles of Assessment of Pecuniary Loss
basic principles of [evaluation] of pecuniary loss

4.6 In relation to past loss the court will usually know all the factors relevant to the assessment of the loss .
4.6 in relation to past loss the court will usually know all the factors relevant to the [evaluation] of the loss .

But in the vast majority of cases the assessment of past pecuniary loss is in fact simple and usually special damages under this head are agreed without difficulty .
but in the vast majority of cases the [evaluation] of past pecuniary loss is in fact simple and usually special damages under this head are agreed without difficulty .

One of the uncertainties of the assessment of future loss of earnings is the future rate of tax .
one of the uncertainties of the [evaluation] of future loss of earnings is the future rate of tax .

The importance of this can not be underestimated and a qualitative assessment by the investors is essential before the lawyers and accountants become involved .
the importance of this can not be underestimated and a qualitative [evaluation] by the investors is essential before the lawyers and accountants become involved .

In practice it is difficult to comply with the added condition that the company be employee controlled in each year of assessment in which interest is paid , so this relief is not often used in management buy-outs .
in practice it is difficult to comply with the added condition that the company be employee controlled in each year of [evaluation] in which interest is paid , so this relief is not often used in management buy-outs .

Firstly , as with any property , a purchaser wants an assessment of the physical state of the property and an assessment of whether it will be suitable for its business .
firstly , as with any property , a purchaser wants an [evaluation] of the physical state of the property and an [evaluation] of whether it will be suitable for its business .

The terms of employment may have an impact on the purchaser 's assessment of the merits of the transaction .
the terms of employment may have an impact on the purchaser 's [evaluation] of the merits of the transaction .

He adds that the Greek government 's assessment makes no allowance for evaporation and calculates the reduction in the amount of water reaching the wetlands on the basis of the present total flow rather than on the present volume reaching Missolonghi .
he adds that the greek government 's [evaluation] makes no allowance for evaporation and calculates the reduction in the amount of water reaching the wetlands on the basis of the present total flow rather than on the present volume reaching missolonghi .

Eggar said environmentalists should be reassured by the new rules governing the licences , including the requirement for a full environmental impact assessment before an oil or gas find is developed .
eggar said environmentalists should be reassured by the new rules governing the licences , including the requirement for a full environmental impact [evaluation] before an oil or gas find is developed .

He said the decision was `` quite independent `` of the European Commission 's threat to take the government to court for its failure to carry out a full environmental impact assessment of the scheme , but warned that a new river crossing was still necessary and the government would bring forward new proposals .
he said the decision was `` quite independent `` of the european commission 's threat to take the government to court for its failure to carry out a full environmental impact [evaluation] of the scheme , but warned that a new river crossing was still necessary and the government would bring forward new proposals .

The company has long-standing permission to commence operations , but has now agreed to a government request for an environmental impact assessment , the result of which is expected soon .
the company has long-standing permission to commence operations , but has now agreed to a government request for an environmental impact [evaluation] , the result of which is expected soon .

The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources has now issued an environmental impact assessment stating that the mine 's operations will not have any affect on the wildlife .
the wisconsin department of natural resources has now issued an environmental impact [evaluation] stating that the mine 's operations will not have any affect on the wildlife .

The European Commission has yet to decide whether the government has breached environmental assessment procedures in giving permission for the scheme .
the european commission has yet to decide whether the government has breached environmental [evaluation] procedures in giving permission for the scheme .

Hauge says his assessment is still incomplete , since he has not yet had access to Soviet military records .
hauge says his [evaluation] is still incomplete , since he has not yet had access to soviet military records .

In his assessment of the problem Hauge also points to the fate of some 118 nuclear vessels currently stationed at the Russian port of Murmansk .
in his [evaluation] of the problem hauge also points to the fate of some 118 nuclear vessels currently stationed at the russian port of murmansk .

The following were among the findings reported at a conference in Anchorage , Alaska : — brain damage in seals similar to that found in people who die from solvent abuse ; this would have disoriented the animals and affected basic physiological functions like breathing ; it is suspected that many seals drowned , but because dead seals sink an accurate assessment of deaths has not been possible ; — the disappearance of a group of killer whales that had lived in the sound , possibly also due to the " solvent abuse effect " ; — deaths among sea otters not only from hypothermia ( because oil stuck to their fur destroyed its insulating properties ) but from emphysema caused by breathing in toxic fumes and from liver and kidney damage caused by ingesting oil ; — failure to breed among many species of birds since the accident , either because of the death rate within colonies at the time ( in the case of guillemots ) or because continued exposure to oil-polluted food sources is preventing reproduction ; — death tolls of up to 40 per cent for eggs laid by salmon , herring and other fish , and deformities and withered muscles among fish that did hatch .
the following were among the findings reported at a conference in anchorage , alaska : — brain damage in seals similar to that found in people who die from solvent abuse ; this would have disoriented the animals and affected basic physiological functions like breathing ; it is suspected that many seals drowned , but because dead seals sink an accurate [evaluation] of deaths has not been possible ; — the disappearance of a group of killer whales that had lived in the sound , possibly also due to the " solvent abuse effect " ; — deaths among sea otters not only from hypothermia ( because oil stuck to their fur destroyed its insulating properties ) but from emphysema caused by breathing in toxic fumes and from liver and kidney damage caused by ingesting oil ; — failure to breed among many species of birds since the accident , either because of the death rate within colonies at the time ( in the case of guillemots ) or because continued exposure to oil-polluted food sources is preventing reproduction ; — death tolls of up to 40 per cent for eggs laid by salmon , herring and other fish , and deformities and withered muscles among fish that did hatch .

The survey was based on an assessment of litter and dog fouling in a 500 metres circle round the parliament building .
the survey was based on an [evaluation] of litter and dog fouling in a 500 metres circle round the parliament building .

Assessment of pollution in Poland
[evaluation] of pollution in poland

Assessment of pollution in Lithuania
[evaluation] of pollution in lithuania

Observers also fear that some state governments , favouring development at all costs , may declare whole regions open for exploitation without any pretence at environmental assessment .
observers also fear that some state governments , favouring development at all costs , may declare whole regions open for exploitation without any pretence at environmental [evaluation] .

Its assessment is based on a much higher `` acceptable `` level of nutrients .
its [evaluation] is based on a much higher `` acceptable `` level of nutrients .

The code lists 10 principles of environmental management , covering such areas as training , design and construction of vessels , emergency procedures and environmental assessment .
the code lists 10 principles of environmental management , covering such areas as training , design and construction of vessels , emergency procedures and environmental [evaluation] .

Drawn up with the assistance of experts from eight North Sea countries , An Assessment of Human Hazards to Seabirds in the North Sea , gives an overview of the past and present hazards to North Sea birds , predicts future population trends , and recommends ways of restoring the natural balance of the seabird community .
drawn up with the assistance of experts from eight north sea countries , an [evaluation] of human hazards to seabirds in the north sea , gives an overview of the past and present hazards to north sea birds , predicts future population trends , and recommends ways of restoring the natural balance of the seabird community .

The World Bank board has approved a loan towards Chile 's Pangue dam project , even though the project has not received the full environmental assessment required under the bank 's operating guidelines .
the world bank board has approved a loan towards chile 's pangue dam project , even though the project has not received the full environmental [evaluation] required under the bank 's operating guidelines .

Nearly half its projects had a full or partial environmental impact assessment carried out prior to funding .
nearly half its projects had a full or partial environmental impact [evaluation] carried out prior to funding .

Almost half of Britain 's petrol stations are polluting their environment , according to the Environment Assessment Group consultancy .
almost half of britain 's petrol stations are polluting their environment , according to the environment [evaluation] group consultancy .

Assessment of Mediterranean pollution
[evaluation] of mediterranean pollution

This expectation was to find documented expression in the Magna Carta of 1215 , by which the King recognized it as a right of his subjects `` to have the Common Council of the Kingdom `` for the assessment of extraordinary aids — that is , taxation .
this expectation was to find documented expression in the magna carta of 1215 , by which the king recognized it as a right of his subjects `` to have the common council of the kingdom `` for the [evaluation] of extraordinary aids — that is , taxation .

The commissioner quotes the Environmental Assessment ( Salmon Farming in Marine Waters ) Regulations of 1988 , which says that ‘ a proposed development shall only be taken to be likely to have significant effects on the environment … where the Crown Estates Commissioners consider that this is the case .
the commissioner quotes the environmental [evaluation] ( salmon farming in marine waters ) regulations of 1988 , which says that ‘ a proposed development shall only be taken to be likely to have significant effects on the environment … where the crown estates commissioners consider that this is the case .

The principle of jus cogens gives an objective basis for the assessment of the validity of treaties concluded between other States by providing that treaties conflicting with a norm of jus cogens are void .
the principle of jus cogens gives an objective basis for the [evaluation] of the validity of treaties concluded between other states by providing that treaties conflicting with a norm of jus cogens are void .

The girls in her class , who had hitherto regarded her as relatively plain , and as a non-starter in the fashion stakes , with no notion of how to twist a school beret or hitch a school skirt , quickly reconsidered their assessment of her , and she found herself elected to an honorary membership of the fastest , smartest slickest coterie .
the girls in her class , who had hitherto regarded her as relatively plain , and as a non-starter in the fashion stakes , with no notion of how to twist a school beret or hitch a school skirt , quickly reconsidered their [evaluation] of her , and she found herself elected to an honorary membership of the fastest , smartest slickest coterie .

With Senator McCarthy 's campaign against treason in the State Department having just got under way this may hardly have been the best time for dispassionate analysis although , if it is not too academic a point , one can not help comparing these propositions with an earlier assessment ( 13 October 1948 ) .
with senator mccarthy 's campaign against treason in the state department having just got under way this may hardly have been the best time for dispassionate analysis although , if it is not too academic a point , one can not help comparing these propositions with an earlier [evaluation] ( 13 october 1948 ) .

When de Lattre had visited Washington in September 1951 it was this theme , ‘ the ability of communist China to invade Indo-China and South-East Asia ’ that the State Department had chosen to stress in their briefing for President Truman and their up-beat assessment of the General who had transformed ‘ an army beset with defeatism into a force which has since won every major engagement against the communist forces ’ .
when de lattre had visited washington in september 1951 it was this theme , ‘ the ability of communist china to invade indo-china and south-east asia ’ that the state department had chosen to stress in their briefing for president truman and their up-beat [evaluation] of the general who had transformed ‘ an army beset with defeatism into a force which has since won every major engagement against the communist forces ’ .

In this assessment of the sexual climate we may now look at some of the more reputable work which has been done in this country to analyse sexual experience and attitudes among our population .
in this [evaluation] of the sexual climate we may now look at some of the more reputable work which has been done in this country to analyse sexual experience and attitudes among our population .

These were asked to complete a questionnaire for the assessment of personality together with an inventory of sexual practices and attitudes .
these were asked to complete a questionnaire for the [evaluation] of personality together with an inventory of sexual practices and attitudes .

In a subsidy assessment of 1554 they estimated their annual income at over £500 : of this some £360 was expended on various charities ( including the salaries of `` divers schoolmasters `` ) .
in a subsidy [evaluation] of 1554 they estimated their annual income at over £500 : of this some £360 was expended on various charities ( including the salaries of `` divers schoolmasters `` ) .

The circumstances of John Kennedy 's death have made a cool assessment of his `` Thousand Days `` as President difficult to achieve .
the circumstances of john kennedy 's death have made a cool [evaluation] of his `` thousand days `` as president difficult to achieve .

Air France gained many improvements to their airline training programme by allowing them to : significantly reduce the duration of the training cycle , reduce the time between hiring the pilot and the point at which he is qualified for jet operations by at least one year , reduce type conversion hours by at least 10% , and make an improvement in the selection of pilots by providing a better assessment of trainee ability for heavy or medium jet aircraft .
air france gained many improvements to their airline training programme by allowing them to : significantly reduce the duration of the training cycle , reduce the time between hiring the pilot and the point at which he is qualified for jet operations by at least one year , reduce type conversion hours by at least 10% , and make an improvement in the selection of pilots by providing a better [evaluation] of trainee ability for heavy or medium jet aircraft .

But it is important to be aware of the limitations of the statistical concept of style before going on to a more realistic assessment of its value .
but it is important to be aware of the limitations of the statistical concept of style before going on to a more realistic [evaluation] of its value .

In between times , a whole psychological scenario is elaborated , in which we piece together the flavour of his anxiety about the pay , his disappointment at not getting the information out of the lady , his interpretation of what she is like ( inferred from her appearance , actions , and conversation ) , his assessment of her son , his misunderstanding of the son 's errand , and his recollection of how he came to be involved in the interview .
in between times , a whole psychological scenario is elaborated , in which we piece together the flavour of his anxiety about the pay , his disappointment at not getting the information out of the lady , his interpretation of what she is like ( inferred from her appearance , actions , and conversation ) , his [evaluation] of her son , his misunderstanding of the son 's errand , and his recollection of how he came to be involved in the interview .

The opening phrase `` The poor young man is significant in this respect : since it can hardly be treated as Pemberton 's own self-pitying assessment of himself , it must be taken as the author 's narrative voice ; and thus establishes , from the beginning , a relation between the author and the main character which is at the same time sympathetic and distanced .
the opening phrase `` the poor young man is significant in this respect : since it can hardly be treated as pemberton 's own self-pitying [evaluation] of himself , it must be taken as the author 's narrative voice ; and thus establishes , from the beginning , a relation between the author and the main character which is at the same time sympathetic and distanced .

This was followed by immediate coronary angiography , further revascularisation as necessary , and assessment of left ventricular function and in-hospital complications .
this was followed by immediate coronary angiography , further revascularisation as necessary , and [evaluation] of left ventricular function and in-hospital complications .

The early assessment of infarct size through the collection of clinical , radiological and biochemical data at the time of admission such as in the Killip , Norris or Peel indices or by direct haemodynamic monitoring allows an accurate assessment of prognosis and implies that extensive myocardial infarction remains a persistent liability ( Figure 1 ) .
the early [evaluation] of infarct size through the collection of clinical , radiological and biochemical data at the time of admission such as in the killip , norris or peel indices or by direct haemodynamic monitoring allows an accurate [evaluation] of prognosis and implies that extensive myocardial infarction remains a persistent liability ( figure 1 ) .

The assessment of proportionality
the [evaluation] of proportionality

Once the national allotment of seats has been fixed , a second stage in the assessment of the second votes gives each party its share of seats in each of the ten lander .
once the national allotment of seats has been fixed , a second stage in the [evaluation] of the second votes gives each party its share of seats in each of the ten lander .

His position after his return in September should not affect the assessment of his resignation in March .
his position after his return in september should not affect the [evaluation] of his resignation in march .

Despite disclaimers which recommended submission to great works , the professional study of English came to transcend even the literary masterpieces themselves by virtue of its capacity to offer a complete and final assessment and achieve the kind of complete historical understanding unavailable to the historical actors themselves .
despite disclaimers which recommended submission to great works , the professional study of english came to transcend even the literary masterpieces themselves by virtue of its capacity to offer a complete and final [evaluation] and achieve the kind of complete historical understanding unavailable to the historical actors themselves .

Furthermore , despite their efforts at refuting `` charges against `` the humanity and sincerity of their approved authors ( and thereby by implication against themselves ) , scholars had never managed fully to provide any rational means for that complete assessment of personality which had been an object of all this effort .
furthermore , despite their efforts at refuting `` charges against `` the humanity and sincerity of their approved authors ( and thereby by implication against themselves ) , scholars had never managed fully to provide any rational means for that complete [evaluation] of personality which had been an object of all this effort .

It includes the creation of panels of concerned scholars in various fields and disciplines , the commissioning of articles and books , the study of grassroots activities , the assessment of popular resource materials and the evaluation of projects as stimulus and challenge to theory .
it includes the creation of panels of concerned scholars in various fields and disciplines , the commissioning of articles and books , the study of grassroots activities , the [evaluation] of popular resource materials and the evaluation of projects as stimulus and challenge to theory .

Pupil assessment is continuous so that the child 's future educational needs can be determined .
pupil [evaluation] is continuous so that the child 's future educational needs can be determined .

Long before New York 's Whitney Museum mounts its own assessment in 1994 , the present exhibition introduces him to an European audience .
long before new york 's whitney museum mounts its own [evaluation] in 1994 , the present exhibition introduces him to an european audience .

They copied the Gallo-Belgic coins , soon developed their own styles , and , by the decade prior to the conquest , Rome 's official assessment of Britain , according to Strabo , was a healthy balance of trade .
they copied the gallo-belgic coins , soon developed their own styles , and , by the decade prior to the conquest , rome 's official [evaluation] of britain , according to strabo , was a healthy balance of trade .

The lack of coins deprives us of the evidence to form any assessment of their dynastic histories or tribal boundaries .
the lack of coins deprives us of the evidence to form any [evaluation] of their dynastic histories or tribal boundaries .

It is only after a careful analysis of the situation and after a general assessment
it is only after a careful analysis of the situation and after a general [evaluation]

The discussion of the methods by which company law has sought to legitimate the power conferred upon corporate managers and an assessment of their efficacy will be broken into parts to reflect these two strategies .
the discussion of the methods by which company law has sought to legitimate the power conferred upon corporate managers and an [evaluation] of their efficacy will be broken into parts to reflect these two strategies .

The assessment of the bidder 's capacity to run the target company is , in other words , something which lies within the range of the directors ' expertise .
the [evaluation] of the bidder 's capacity to run the target company is , in other words , something which lies within the range of the directors ' expertise .

The traditional response of moral philosophy has been to narrow down each act to its pure and innermost core , an act of pure will that , alone , is susceptible of moral assessment .
the traditional response of moral philosophy has been to narrow down each act to its pure and innermost core , an act of pure will that , alone , is susceptible of moral [evaluation] .

While the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the framework within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .
while the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the framework within which an [evaluation] could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .

The booklet Angola : The Possible Peace provides a concise analysis of the country 's history and an assessment of its prospects for the future .
the booklet angola : the possible peace provides a concise analysis of the country 's history and an [evaluation] of its prospects for the future .

The first task of a therapist faced with a new client is assessment .
the first task of a therapist faced with a new client is [evaluation] .

The ability to carry out a good assessment requires the combination of a number of personal skills , and the active use of a large body of knowledge .
the ability to carry out a good [evaluation] requires the combination of a number of personal skills , and the active use of a large body of knowledge .

The assessment presented in this chapter is based largely on a cognitive-behavioural model , but encompassing both ‘ psychodynamic ’ and ‘ systemic ’ approaches .
the [evaluation] presented in this chapter is based largely on a cognitive-behavioural model , but encompassing both ‘ psychodynamic ’ and ‘ systemic ’ approaches .

Lazarus ( 1976 ) coined the phrase multi-modal assessment , encouraging the interviewer to look at different aspects of the presenting problem .
lazarus ( 1976 ) coined the phrase multi-modal [evaluation] , encouraging the interviewer to look at different aspects of the presenting problem .

This chapter will describe a structured , time-limited , assessment interview , and later examine a number of helpful questionnaires and inventories .
this chapter will describe a structured , time-limited , [evaluation] interview , and later examine a number of helpful questionnaires and inventories .

For a more detailed description of cognitive-behavioural assessment strategies see Kendall and Hollon ( 1981 ) .
for a more detailed description of cognitive-behavioural [evaluation] strategies see kendall and hollon ( 1981 ) .

Therapist : ‘ What we will do in this first session is an assessment of exactly what 's going on : first we will look at the problems at the moment ; second we will look at background factors such as your family and personal history ; and third we will try to pull it all together and formulate what is going on , and then decide on what the best course of action is .
therapist : ‘ what we will do in this first session is an [evaluation] of exactly what 's going on : first we will look at the problems at the moment ; second we will look at background factors such as your family and personal history ; and third we will try to pull it all together and formulate what is going on , and then decide on what the best course of action is .

Figure 3.1 Assessment sheets
figure 3.1 [evaluation] sheets

This is perhaps the most difficult part of the assessment but becomes easier with increased knowledge and experience .
this is perhaps the most difficult part of the [evaluation] but becomes easier with increased knowledge and experience .

The client , it is hoped , will feel reassured at the end of the assessment interview .
the client , it is hoped , will feel reassured at the end of the [evaluation] interview .

Self-monitoring of identified behaviours the client would like to change is both part of the assessment procedure and part of the treatment package .
self-monitoring of identified behaviours the client would like to change is both part of the [evaluation] procedure and part of the treatment package .

From an assessment point of view this information establishes a baseline record of frequency of panic attacks or other physical symptoms .
from an [evaluation] point of view this information establishes a baseline record of frequency of panic attacks or other physical symptoms .

Assessment questionnaires and inventories can be useful to both therapist and client for a number of reasons .
[evaluation] questionnaires and inventories can be useful to both therapist and client for a number of reasons .

This collection of questionnaires takes approximately ten to fifteen minutes to complete and can be used alongside the assessment interview .
this collection of questionnaires takes approximately ten to fifteen minutes to complete and can be used alongside the [evaluation] interview .

Very often , during the assessment interview , the therapist might glance at the client 's completed inventories and adapt their line of questioning , or confirm a particular response .
very often , during the [evaluation] interview , the therapist might glance at the client 's completed inventories and adapt their line of questioning , or confirm a particular response .

For some clients , understanding the origins of their fears and stress is easy , for others many sessions of assessment and detailed analysis may not result in any certainty as to the genesis of their problems .
for some clients , understanding the origins of their fears and stress is easy , for others many sessions of [evaluation] and detailed analysis may not result in any certainty as to the genesis of their problems .

During the assessment phase it is very important that the client must attempt to specify any particular situations or difficulties which create problems currently and which in the past may have led to avoidance .
during the [evaluation] phase it is very important that the client must attempt to specify any particular situations or difficulties which create problems currently and which in the past may have led to avoidance .

a thorough assessment identifying determinants of the problem , formulation of the problem and treatment plan , introduction of conceptual model and training the client to analyse problems independently .
a thorough [evaluation] identifying determinants of the problem , formulation of the problem and treatment plan , introduction of conceptual model and training the client to analyse problems independently .

This serves to emphasize the importance of a good early assessment to decide on the client 's suitability for group treatment .
this serves to emphasize the importance of a good early [evaluation] to decide on the client 's suitability for group treatment .

The semi-structured interview and the questionnaires described in chapter 3 are the main forms of assessment .
the semi-structured interview and the questionnaires described in chapter 3 are the main forms of [evaluation] .

It helps if in the assessment interview , the client can delineate specific objectives and targets to achieve ; this gives some indicator of clients ' motivation and a target to aim for .
it helps if in the [evaluation] interview , the client can delineate specific objectives and targets to achieve ; this gives some indicator of clients ' motivation and a target to aim for .

While it made a number of positive points , the commission was nonetheless fairly critical in its assessment of the operation of the Gallery .
while it made a number of positive points , the commission was nonetheless fairly critical in its [evaluation] of the operation of the gallery .

So far as the theorizing and model-building enterprises of sociology are concerned , these also require some assessment with the two criteria of sociological visibility and social presence in mind .
so far as the theorizing and model-building enterprises of sociology are concerned , these also require some [evaluation] with the two criteria of sociological visibility and social presence in mind .

The concept of ‘ satisfaction with housework ’ follows the concept of ‘ work ’ or ‘ job ’ satisfaction as used in the sociology of industry and paid work ; it represents an overall assessment of the degree to which housewives are positively or negatively oriented to their work .
the concept of ‘ satisfaction with housework ’ follows the concept of ‘ work ’ or ‘ job ’ satisfaction as used in the sociology of industry and paid work ; it represents an overall [evaluation] of the degree to which housewives are positively or negatively oriented to their work .

’ and the assessment of work satisfaction led to an explanation of these responses as ( in part ) expressive of norms to do with feminine domesticity and as indicative of two alternative approaches to housework : the search for satisfaction and the recognition of dissatisfaction .
’ and the [evaluation] of work satisfaction led to an explanation of these responses as ( in part ) expressive of norms to do with feminine domesticity and as indicative of two alternative approaches to housework : the search for satisfaction and the recognition of dissatisfaction .

For this reason an assessment was made for all the forty women of their levels of identification with the housewife role .
for this reason an [evaluation] was made for all the forty women of their levels of identification with the housewife role .

( While , on the other hand , an assessment of identification with the housewife role by the interviewer is relatively free of these complications . )
( while , on the other hand , an [evaluation] of identification with the housewife role by the interviewer is relatively free of these complications . )

While the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the framework within which an assessment could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .
while the government does not foresee the need for pre-censorship of publications , films and video cassettes , it is the intention of the government to enact appropriate legislation to provide the framework within which an [evaluation] could be made of the suitability of any publication , film or video cassette for public and private consumption with regard to obscenity and offending of religious convictions .

The booklet Angola : The Possible Peace provides a concise analysis of the country 's history and an assessment of its prospects for the future .
the booklet angola : the possible peace provides a concise analysis of the country 's history and an [evaluation] of its prospects for the future .

This is the time for an individual assessment of whether or not the material will be of interest to the particular magazine and its readership .
this is the time for an individual [evaluation] of whether or not the material will be of interest to the particular magazine and its readership .

This kind of assessment may be difficult if you are looking for a photographer at the other end of the country .
this kind of [evaluation] may be difficult if you are looking for a photographer at the other end of the country .

The consumption of oxygen or oxidizing agents by water arising from the presence of reducing substances , usually organic , is of value in the assessment of trade effluents and sewage but is not of great importance for process waters .
the consumption of oxygen or oxidizing agents by water arising from the presence of reducing substances , usually organic , is of value in the [evaluation] of trade effluents and sewage but is not of great importance for process waters .

All colleges and institutions of higher education are required to carry out some assessment of student performance and potential . How does this student 's work compare with that of fellow students in terms of quantity and quality of output ? How does this student 's work measure up to what teachers expect at this stage ?
all colleges and institutions of higher education are required to carry out some [evaluation] of student performance and potential . how does this student 's work compare with that of fellow students in terms of quantity and quality of output ? how does this student 's work measure up to what teachers expect at this stage ?

An `` unseen `` exam paper allows different examiners to mark the same answers independently and to arrive at a fairly consistent and impartial assessment of the candidate 's overall performance and potential .
an `` unseen `` exam paper allows different examiners to mark the same answers independently and to arrive at a fairly consistent and impartial [evaluation] of the candidate 's overall performance and potential .

At most institutions , the preferred method of assessment combines the marks obtained by students in `` continuous assessment `` throughout the academic year with final examination results .
at most institutions , the preferred method of [evaluation] combines the marks obtained by students in `` continuous [evaluation] `` throughout the academic year with final examination results .

If you are buying from a friend it may be worth obtaining an independent assessment in order to avoid the risk of either side feeling that they may have been unfairly treated .
if you are buying from a friend it may be worth obtaining an independent [evaluation] in order to avoid the risk of either side feeling that they may have been unfairly treated .

Comparison between published systems is difficult , due to the lack of standard measures of assessment or ’ benchmarks ’ .
comparison between published systems is difficult , due to the lack of standard measures of [evaluation] or ’ benchmarks ’ .

One method of quantitative assessment would be to use a comparison between the score given to the correct word and the score given to the highest other content word in the same sentence position .
one method of quantitative [evaluation] would be to use a comparison between the score given to the correct word and the score given to the highest other content word in the same sentence position .

It is impossible to make a final assessment of the Woodvilles ' contribution to the crisis .
it is impossible to make a final [evaluation] of the woodvilles ' contribution to the crisis .

The subsidies of 1514 , 1515 , and 1516 abandoned the separate assessment of the peerage by rank and levied taxation entirely according to income .
the subsidies of 1514 , 1515 , and 1516 abandoned the separate [evaluation] of the peerage by rank and levied taxation entirely according to income .

Roger , Lord North , admitted that as a subsidy commissioner he had let men off lightly in Cambridgeshire : everyone was known to be worth ten times his assessment in goods and six times in land ; some were worth twenty or thirty times their assessments .
roger , lord north , admitted that as a subsidy commissioner he had let men off lightly in cambridgeshire : everyone was known to be worth ten times his [evaluation] in goods and six times in land ; some were worth twenty or thirty times their assessments .

Vernon had good reason for wanting to keep Hunsdon at Berwick , since the governor owed him money ; and his assessment of the benefits and drawbacks was not unbiased .
vernon had good reason for wanting to keep hunsdon at berwick , since the governor owed him money ; and his [evaluation] of the benefits and drawbacks was not unbiased .

It does not supersede the more detailed and specific provisions covering certain equipment contained in existing legislation , but it goes beyond such provisions in requiring a more wide-ranging assessment of risk .
it does not supersede the more detailed and specific provisions covering certain equipment contained in existing legislation , but it goes beyond such provisions in requiring a more wide-ranging [evaluation] of risk .

Disabled persons are given a vocational assessment and are provided with rehabilitation services .
disabled persons are given a vocational [evaluation] and are provided with rehabilitation services .

Mother , in other words , is thought to be always the same mother , parental influences are regarded as invariable throughout childhood , and an assessment of the parents ' psychological characteristics at one point is thought sufficient to typecast them for good .
mother , in other words , is thought to be always the same mother , parental influences are regarded as invariable throughout childhood , and an [evaluation] of the parents ' psychological characteristics at one point is thought sufficient to typecast them for good .

Legal requirements to become an adopter are minimal ( Table 1 ) , but to be accepted by an adoption agency as an adopter and then placed with a child or baby requires an often lengthy and rigorous process of assessment and approval ( Figure 1 ) .
legal requirements to become an adopter are minimal ( table 1 ) , but to be accepted by an adoption agency as an adopter and then placed with a child or baby requires an often lengthy and rigorous process of [evaluation] and approval ( figure 1 ) .

Placed on assessment list : social worker visits over a period of months — discusses adoption , views on bringing up children Application and assessment placed before approval panel Approved as adopters Rejected as adopters by that agency If approved for a baby , go on to waiting list to be ‘ matched ’ — may wait up to 3 years or more for placement If special needs may be short wait for placement .
placed on [evaluation] list : social worker visits over a period of months — discusses adoption , views on bringing up children application and [evaluation] placed before approval panel approved as adopters rejected as adopters by that agency if approved for a baby , go on to waiting list to be ‘ matched ’ — may wait up to 3 years or more for placement if special needs may be short wait for placement .

The units progress onto vital signs and physical assessment , basic nursing skills , nutrition , medication and administration , the surgical patient , therapeutic management of adult health disorders , cancer and Aids .
the units progress onto vital signs and physical [evaluation] , basic nursing skills , nutrition , medication and administration , the surgical patient , therapeutic management of adult health disorders , cancer and aids .

Each primary nurse will ‘ negotiate ’ the need for resources by liaising with her or his immediate manager , utilising available assessment tools such as Waterlow scores and pain charts to support any requests for equipment .
each primary nurse will ‘ negotiate ’ the need for resources by liaising with her or his immediate manager , utilising available [evaluation] tools such as waterlow scores and pain charts to support any requests for equipment .

Every department or ward will require individual assessment and local operational policies , due to the variety of problems associated with caring for disturbed patients .
every department or ward will require individual [evaluation] and local operational policies , due to the variety of problems associated with caring for disturbed patients .

Daily assessment of the oral mucosa .
daily [evaluation] of the oral mucosa .

Assessment of output 4 hourly , report low output to medical staff ( eg , less than 200ml over 4 hours ) .
[evaluation] of output 4 hourly , report low output to medical staff ( eg , less than 200ml over 4 hours ) .

Objective assessment of pain in necessary to ensure adequate pain relief .
objective [evaluation] of pain in necessary to ensure adequate pain relief .

Objective assessment of pain is obviously necessary to ensure adequate provision of analgesia for babies , and some authors have addressed this subject , notably Sparsholt ( 1989 ) and Franck ( 1987 ) who provide guidelines for pain assessment .
objective [evaluation] of pain is obviously necessary to ensure adequate provision of analgesia for babies , and some authors have addressed this subject , notably sparsholt ( 1989 ) and franck ( 1987 ) who provide guidelines for pain [evaluation] .

Further development of an assessment tool is needed and is currently being investigated at the Royal Berkshire Hospital .
further development of an [evaluation] tool is needed and is currently being investigated at the royal berkshire hospital .

More informal pain assessment may be used , taking into account physiological and behavioural indices and the invasiveness of current treatment , with the aim of enabling the baby to be relaxed but responsive to carers .
more informal pain [evaluation] may be used , taking into account physiological and behavioural indices and the invasiveness of current treatment , with the aim of enabling the baby to be relaxed but responsive to carers .

Objective pain assessment is required to ensure adequate pain relief .
objective pain [evaluation] is required to ensure adequate pain relief .

It is also dependent , however , on how long the baby has been on morphine and is , to a certain extent , a matter of individual assessment ( including observation of withdrawal signs ) and prescribing .
it is also dependent , however , on how long the baby has been on morphine and is , to a certain extent , a matter of individual [evaluation] ( including observation of withdrawal signs ) and prescribing .

We may not yet know what is safe , but we are identifying important criteria for assessment .
we may not yet know what is safe , but we are identifying important criteria for [evaluation] .

As a result , changes have occurred in adoption procedures , and couples have to apply to adopt at a much younger age , and go through rigorous and lengthy assessment procedures .
as a result , changes have occurred in adoption procedures , and couples have to apply to adopt at a much younger age , and go through rigorous and lengthy [evaluation] procedures .

The new act demands clients are assessed when donated gametes are used , however , so who does the assessment and how extensive should it be ?
the new act demands clients are assessed when donated gametes are used , however , so who does the [evaluation] and how extensive should it be ?

The Rowan Clinic at the Royal London Hospital has a team of counsellors , so basic assessment may be undertaken by someone other than the client 's personal counsellor .
the rowan clinic at the royal london hospital has a team of counsellors , so basic [evaluation] may be undertaken by someone other than the client 's personal counsellor .

The counsellor acts primarily as a resource for clients , and it is the clinical team 's responsibility to ensure assessment is undertaken by an appropriate specialist so the ‘ best ’ decision is made in the interests of the client and potential child , as well as any existing children .
the counsellor acts primarily as a resource for clients , and it is the clinical team 's responsibility to ensure [evaluation] is undertaken by an appropriate specialist so the ‘ best ’ decision is made in the interests of the client and potential child , as well as any existing children .

From the late sixteenth century the size of a domain was expressed in terms of the rice production it could command , and this assessment was made in terms of koku .
from the late sixteenth century the size of a domain was expressed in terms of the rice production it could command , and this [evaluation] was made in terms of koku .

Performance appraisal and assessment
performance appraisal and [evaluation]

Pay and bonus assessment
pay and bonus [evaluation]

However , in case of foreign participation in excess of 20 per cent of the equity or 5 million forints the assessment is reduced by 20 per cent , but if more than half of the income is derived from manufacturing goods or carrying on the business of a hotel , and the stock capital exceeds 25 million forints and the foreign participation exceeds 30 per cent , then during the first five years the tax is reduced by 60 per cent and thereafter by 40 per cent .
however , in case of foreign participation in excess of 20 per cent of the equity or 5 million forints the [evaluation] is reduced by 20 per cent , but if more than half of the income is derived from manufacturing goods or carrying on the business of a hotel , and the stock capital exceeds 25 million forints and the foreign participation exceeds 30 per cent , then during the first five years the tax is reduced by 60 per cent and thereafter by 40 per cent .

All our credit assessment practices , in particular our credit scoring techniques , are continually reviewed to ensure that they are prudent and reasonable in the prevailing social and economic circumstances .
all our credit [evaluation] practices , in particular our credit scoring techniques , are continually reviewed to ensure that they are prudent and reasonable in the prevailing social and economic circumstances .

banks do n't always ask you to deposit security or collateral to back a loan : they generally rely on their assessment of your ability to repay .
banks do n't always ask you to deposit security or collateral to back a loan : they generally rely on their [evaluation] of your ability to repay .

Whether or not you get a loan depends on many factors including a credit assessment .
whether or not you get a loan depends on many factors including a credit [evaluation] .

Then there is the lender 's assessment of the risk it is taking .
then there is the lender 's [evaluation] of the risk it is taking .

Despite the impossibility of an objective assessment , there are , however , considerations that suggest that the conflict has been exaggerated in the interests of scientism and secularism .
despite the impossibility of an objective [evaluation] , there are , however , considerations that suggest that the conflict has been exaggerated in the interests of scientism and secularism .

The object of this chapter is to consider whether this assessment is accurate .
the object of this chapter is to consider whether this [evaluation] is accurate .

New fee-funded services , including assessment of lambs in auction markets , are under consideration .
new fee-funded services , including [evaluation] of lambs in auction markets , are under consideration .

To privilege one of these ways of attaining objectivity , particularly when that way happens to be one 's own , is fraught with difficulty , not least because the assessment is likely to be circular , depending on the very standards that the proponents are trying to verify .
to privilege one of these ways of attaining objectivity , particularly when that way happens to be one 's own , is fraught with difficulty , not least because the [evaluation] is likely to be circular , depending on the very standards that the proponents are trying to verify .

‘ Until last October authorities were expecting this money to be ringfenced so did not consider this client group when they were consulting and drawing up their assessment models , ’ he said .
‘ until last october authorities were expecting this money to be ringfenced so did not consider this client group when they were consulting and drawing up their [evaluation] models , ’ he said .

This is unlike other adult service users whose motivation is likely to be high and whose need is consistent , so assessment should be .
this is unlike other adult service users whose motivation is likely to be high and whose need is consistent , so [evaluation] should be .

The Local Government Drugs Forum has issued advice on fast track assessment for drug and alcohol misusers to prevent this happening .
the local government drugs forum has issued advice on fast track [evaluation] for drug and alcohol misusers to prevent this happening .

Although the government has told authorities they should not refuse a fast track assessment to someone just because they can not establish ordinary residence , there is nothing to say they may not .
although the government has told authorities they should not refuse a fast track [evaluation] to someone just because they can not establish ordinary residence , there is nothing to say they may not .

Most will be reluctant to undergo assessment , either because they are involved in criminal activity or they expected to be subjected to a judgmental and disapproving attitude towards themselves , or because they are afraid their children may be removed from them .
most will be reluctant to undergo [evaluation] , either because they are involved in criminal activity or they expected to be subjected to a judgmental and disapproving attitude towards themselves , or because they are afraid their children may be removed from them .

The advice document proposes four alternative models of assessment and care management for drug and alcohol misusers , and discusses the advantages and disadvantages of each from the point of view of the local authority and the service user .
the advice document proposes four alternative models of [evaluation] and care management for drug and alcohol misusers , and discusses the advantages and disadvantages of each from the point of view of the local authority and the service user .

It favours a system where people can access assessment from several different points of contact including non-statutory agencies through trained , accredited care managers .
it favours a system where people can access [evaluation] from several different points of contact including non-statutory agencies through trained , accredited care managers .

Within my own panel courts have agreed to adjourn hearings , and make an order for a short period of time to enable a more thorough assessment .
within my own panel courts have agreed to adjourn hearings , and make an order for a short period of time to enable a more thorough [evaluation] .

The rest of the campaign will investigate producing practice guidelines for SSDs ; training strategies ; how elderly people disclose ( or do n't disclose ) abuse ; how assessment , and the Community Care Act in general , can take account of elder abuse ; providing support for carers ; arguments for the registration of private domiciliary care ; arguments for and against ‘ at risk registers ’ of elderly people ; models of good practice from SSDs ; and opportunities to learn from child protection legislation .
the rest of the campaign will investigate producing practice guidelines for ssds ; training strategies ; how elderly people disclose ( or do n't disclose ) abuse ; how [evaluation] , and the community care act in general , can take account of elder abuse ; providing support for carers ; arguments for the registration of private domiciliary care ; arguments for and against ‘ at risk registers ’ of elderly people ; models of good practice from ssds ; and opportunities to learn from child protection legislation .

Consider , for example , Kloppenberg 's assessment of Sidney Webb : ‘ Although he passed through a Comtean phase that permanently altered his perspective from liberal individualism to organic collectivism , he had shed the positivist 's confidence in ultimate certainties as inconsistent with empiricism and democracy by the time he proclaimed himself a socialist in 1886 .
consider , for example , kloppenberg 's [evaluation] of sidney webb : ‘ although he passed through a comtean phase that permanently altered his perspective from liberal individualism to organic collectivism , he had shed the positivist 's confidence in ultimate certainties as inconsistent with empiricism and democracy by the time he proclaimed himself a socialist in 1886 .

It is this attempt by Fabians and New Liberals to conjoin ethical and evolutionary considerations that led to the most sustained criticism of their theories . Such criticisms are perhaps most clearly and tersely summed up in Hawthorn 's assessment of Hobhouse :
it is this attempt by fabians and new liberals to conjoin ethical and evolutionary considerations that led to the most sustained criticism of their theories . such criticisms are perhaps most clearly and tersely summed up in hawthorn 's [evaluation] of hobhouse :

Shklar is undoubtedly accurate in her general assessment .
shklar is undoubtedly accurate in her general [evaluation] .

In a normal labour intermittent auscultation with a Pinard stethoscope could not be regarded as an inadequate or negligent form of assessment .
in a normal labour intermittent auscultation with a pinard stethoscope could not be regarded as an inadequate or negligent form of [evaluation] .

The search for better techniques of fetal assessment during labour continues .
the search for better techniques of fetal [evaluation] during labour continues .

One descriptive account of assessment recommends full psychiatric evaluation , comprehensive observations of the mothers with their infants , and interviews with relatives to estimate future support .
one descriptive account of [evaluation] recommends full psychiatric evaluation , comprehensive observations of the mothers with their infants , and interviews with relatives to estimate future support .

Although this commonsense approach is probably used in most mother and baby units , including those that now admit mothers with chronic illness for preliminary assessment and subsequent training in mothering skills , the practice is open to criticism .
although this commonsense approach is probably used in most mother and baby units , including those that now admit mothers with chronic illness for preliminary [evaluation] and subsequent training in mothering skills , the practice is open to criticism .

As David Browning points out , practitioners from health and social services will need to coordinate their assessment activities .
as david browning points out , practitioners from health and social services will need to coordinate their [evaluation] activities .

We recently undertook a survey that gives a snapshot of community assessment of elderly people in district health authorities in England and Wales .
we recently undertook a survey that gives a snapshot of community [evaluation] of elderly people in district health authorities in england and wales .

We found a high level of assessment activity by community nursing staff using structured questionnaires .
we found a high level of [evaluation] activity by community nursing staff using structured questionnaires .

The Barthel index and the Clifton assessment procedure for the elderly were the most widely used established instruments , in 41 and 22 districts respectively .
the barthel index and the clifton [evaluation] procedure for the elderly were the most widely used established instruments , in 41 and 22 districts respectively .

Given the importance of the uses to which information from assessments is put , greater standardisation of methods of assessment is needed to ensure that the validity and reliability of information obtained are acceptable .
given the importance of the uses to which information from assessments is put , greater standardisation of methods of [evaluation] is needed to ensure that the validity and reliability of information obtained are acceptable .

However , by using different assessment methods , the concept has been refined to include how managers perceive their world , how they search for and select data , and how they conceptualize with that data to give it a framework and meaning .
however , by using different [evaluation] methods , the concept has been refined to include how managers perceive their world , how they search for and select data , and how they conceptualize with that data to give it a framework and meaning .

Deciding — consciously or not — to expend energy involves a choice and an assessment of the total energy available .
deciding — consciously or not — to expend energy involves a choice and an [evaluation] of the total energy available .

Expectancy theory adds another condition to the importance of the reward as an influence on performance : that is , the individual 's assessment of the personal importance of the reward and the likelihood of that reward actually being achieved .
expectancy theory adds another condition to the importance of the reward as an influence on performance : that is , the individual 's [evaluation] of the personal importance of the reward and the likelihood of that reward actually being achieved .

Central to recognition of oneself by oneself is a move in work organizations to the assessment of performance on a continuous basis of individuals , groups or businesses against agreed performance criteria .
central to recognition of oneself by oneself is a move in work organizations to the [evaluation] of performance on a continuous basis of individuals , groups or businesses against agreed performance criteria .

The culture of the professional ( autonomy ; allegiance to profession first and to organization second ; professional not organizational criteria for assessment of performance ; minimal managerial interference ) is in conflict with the power culture of management ( cooperation and control ; allegiance to organization goals ; facilitating processes and procedures ) .
the culture of the professional ( autonomy ; allegiance to profession first and to organization second ; professional not organizational criteria for [evaluation] of performance ; minimal managerial interference ) is in conflict with the power culture of management ( cooperation and control ; allegiance to organization goals ; facilitating processes and procedures ) .

Orthotopic liver transplantation has now been performed in several cases , but its widespread use is likely to be restricted by the problems of postoperative sepsis , perioperative cerebral oedema , psychological assessment , and availability of donors .
orthotopic liver transplantation has now been performed in several cases , but its widespread use is likely to be restricted by the problems of postoperative sepsis , perioperative cerebral oedema , psychological [evaluation] , and availability of donors .

Monthly assessment of urinary albumin excretion and mean arterial pressure ; plasma active renin and aldosterone concentrations and renal function studies at 0 , 6 , and 12 months .
monthly [evaluation] of urinary albumin excretion and mean arterial pressure ; plasma active renin and aldosterone concentrations and renal function studies at 0 , 6 , and 12 months .

This would permit an accurate assessment of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a framework for maintaining this .
this would permit an accurate [evaluation] of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a framework for maintaining this .

It is important to develop outcome measures as tools for quality assessment .
it is important to develop outcome measures as tools for quality [evaluation] .

Primary care needs assessment
primary care needs [evaluation]

While good information is critical for needs assessment , general practice is currently poorly resourced or motivated to provide it , and current guidelines on confidentiality are unclear .
while good information is critical for needs [evaluation] , general practice is currently poorly resourced or motivated to provide it , and current guidelines on confidentiality are unclear .

Training in educational methods for consultants and a structured curriculum and formative assessment for trainees require recognition and financial support .
training in educational methods for consultants and a structured curriculum and formative [evaluation] for trainees require recognition and financial support .

Consequently , to test this viewpoint three educationalists and two consultants helped prepare a questionnaire asking 28 questions under four headings : professional details of the consultants ; their present arrangements for training preregistration house officers ; their assessment of the effectiveness of this training ; and their view of the help required for implementing the new recommendations .
consequently , to test this viewpoint three educationalists and two consultants helped prepare a questionnaire asking 28 questions under four headings : professional details of the consultants ; their present arrangements for training preregistration house officers ; their [evaluation] of the effectiveness of this training ; and their view of the help required for implementing the new recommendations .

The appointment of clinical supervisors and the introduction of structured education and training will be effective only if there are profound conceptual changes in the understanding of the purpose of the preregistration year , if there are contractual agreements to enable the educational supervisor to fulfil the role , and if there is financial provision for the training of trainers and regular formative assessment of the trainees .
the appointment of clinical supervisors and the introduction of structured education and training will be effective only if there are profound conceptual changes in the understanding of the purpose of the preregistration year , if there are contractual agreements to enable the educational supervisor to fulfil the role , and if there is financial provision for the training of trainers and regular formative [evaluation] of the trainees .

Ten years ago Assistance Publique established a technology assessment process for the whole system , which assesses the cost effectiveness of new innovations before they are introduced and helps to rationalise their introduction within the system .
ten years ago assistance publique established a technology [evaluation] process for the whole system , which assesses the cost effectiveness of new innovations before they are introduced and helps to rationalise their introduction within the system .

This chapter is the first of two devoted to providing background essential to an informed assessment of the Reagan presidency .
this chapter is the first of two devoted to providing background essential to an informed [evaluation] of the reagan presidency .

‘ They should get credit for the informal aspects of what they did , and their staff work was superb ’ , says , a senior associate with the congressional Office of Technology Assessment .
‘ they should get credit for the informal aspects of what they did , and their staff work was superb ’ , says , a senior associate with the congressional office of technology [evaluation] .

Needs careful assessment
needs careful [evaluation]

Detailed personal interview and physical assessment of physically disabled adults ; personal or telephone interview with carers .
detailed personal interview and physical [evaluation] of physically disabled adults ; personal or telephone interview with carers .

Need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an assessment by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and subsequent application was successful .
need has been variously defined , but in this study needs were deemed to be unmet if interventions were acceptable to the client and the following applied : ( a ) for activities of daily living a person was dependent on help from the carer and this dependence could be reversed by provision of an aid ; ( b ) for communication disorders there had not been an [evaluation] by a speech therapist ; ( c ) for services ( day care , respite care ) a referral had not been made to the appropriate agency and subsequent referral proved successful ; and ( d ) for benefits the client or carer was unaware of eligibility for benefits , an application had not been made , and subsequent application was successful .

District nurses are considered to have an important role in the effective assessment and provision of community care .
district nurses are considered to have an important role in the effective [evaluation] and provision of community care .

These results highlight deficits in the use of speech therapists in their assessment and treatment capacities .
these results highlight deficits in the use of speech therapists in their [evaluation] and treatment capacities .

District health authorities and family health services authorities will need to consider how best to improve the assessment of needs of patients as they plan to implement care in the community .
district health authorities and family health services authorities will need to consider how best to improve the [evaluation] of needs of patients as they plan to implement care in the community .

Follow up data for the 18 patients who were alive when the 1988 report was assembled have been obtained from the most recent inpatient assessment at Harefield Hospital ( 1991–2 ) , where all but one patient are reviewed in depth each year or more often if problems arise .
follow up data for the 18 patients who were alive when the 1988 report was assembled have been obtained from the most recent inpatient [evaluation] at harefield hospital ( 1991–2 ) , where all but one patient are reviewed in depth each year or more often if problems arise .

Patients underwent a simple assessment of quality of life with regard to their perceived restrictions and their employment ; their exercise capacity had been assessed with exercise testing during their most recent annual follow up visit .
patients underwent a simple [evaluation] of quality of life with regard to their perceived restrictions and their employment ; their exercise capacity had been assessed with exercise testing during their most recent annual follow up visit .

Although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise capacity and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .
although no independent [evaluation] of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective [evaluation] of exercise capacity and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .

This record provided a short report on the timing , method , and content of each lesson , together with an overall assessment of the usefulness of materials .
this record provided a short report on the timing , method , and content of each lesson , together with an overall [evaluation] of the usefulness of materials .

Teachers were also required to complete a record sheet providing basic details on each lesson taught together with an overall assessment of the project .
teachers were also required to complete a record sheet providing basic details on each lesson taught together with an overall [evaluation] of the project .

In addition , more information needs to be collected on the neurological status of early treated children from infancy onwards , and programmes of neuropsychological and neurophysiological assessment and brain imaging need to be developed to provide more precise measures of progress in individual subjects .
in addition , more information needs to be collected on the neurological status of early treated children from infancy onwards , and programmes of neuropsychological and neurophysiological [evaluation] and brain imaging need to be developed to provide more precise measures of progress in individual subjects .

Neurological assessment
neurological [evaluation]

Preconception assessment and contraception advice
preconception [evaluation] and contraception advice

Fetal assessment — size , congenital anomalies
fetal [evaluation] — size , congenital anomalies

However , the appeal judges were critical of Justice Morling 's willingness to enter into an assessment of the quality of the epidemiological evidence tendered by both parties , and of his comments about his preferences for particular epidemiological evidence and witnesses .
however , the appeal judges were critical of justice morling 's willingness to enter into an [evaluation] of the quality of the epidemiological evidence tendered by both parties , and of his comments about his preferences for particular epidemiological evidence and witnesses .

Among other things it suggested that teachers should be assessed on the clarity of their teaching objectives ; the quality of their notes , handouts , and visual aids ; qualitative assessments of their performance in lecturing , fieldwork , etc ; the volume and range of teaching they undertake ; the range of assessment techniques they use ; managerial responsibilities and innovative approaches that they take on ; and the number of invitations they receive as guest lecturers and speakers elsewhere .
among other things it suggested that teachers should be assessed on the clarity of their teaching objectives ; the quality of their notes , handouts , and visual aids ; qualitative assessments of their performance in lecturing , fieldwork , etc ; the volume and range of teaching they undertake ; the range of [evaluation] techniques they use ; managerial responsibilities and innovative approaches that they take on ; and the number of invitations they receive as guest lecturers and speakers elsewhere .

assessment and care management
[evaluation] and care management

The government 's guidance on assessment and care management is loose enough to allow different interpretations .
the government 's guidance on [evaluation] and care management is loose enough to allow different interpretations .

Geriatrics beds are those most likely to be blocked while assessment teams explore alternatives to residential care .
geriatrics beds are those most likely to be blocked while [evaluation] teams explore alternatives to residential care .

Although he knew the basic principles of assessment and care management by social services , he did not know what his own role in the process might be .
although he knew the basic principles of [evaluation] and care management by social services , he did not know what his own role in the process might be .

Feeling overloaded with routine and emergency clinical work ( there are no deputising services in Bassetlaw ) and with administration , he did not see how he and his colleagues could commit any extra time to assessment .
feeling overloaded with routine and emergency clinical work ( there are no deputising services in bassetlaw ) and with administration , he did not see how he and his colleagues could commit any extra time to [evaluation] .

Critics of the firm as a cooperative family have produced a more penetrating assessment of Japanese industrial relations which shows them to be less unique than they at first appear .
critics of the firm as a cooperative family have produced a more penetrating [evaluation] of japanese industrial relations which shows them to be less unique than they at first appear .

Any assessment of the impact of labour unions requires us to consider not only their influence on the wages and conditions of their members but also how this affects non-members in the same firm and labour in general .
any [evaluation] of the impact of labour unions requires us to consider not only their influence on the wages and conditions of their members but also how this affects non-members in the same firm and labour in general .

These last two examples raise important questions of assessment .
these last two examples raise important questions of [evaluation] .

For the purpose of wage assessment in rural areas , women are bracketed with minors and the partially handicapped , demonstrating a clear cultural prejudice at an official level .
for the purpose of wage [evaluation] in rural areas , women are bracketed with minors and the partially handicapped , demonstrating a clear cultural prejudice at an official level .

The Committee also made a number of recommendations specifically related to the curriculum and assessment of lower attaining pupils .
the committee also made a number of recommendations specifically related to the curriculum and [evaluation] of lower attaining pupils .

Assessment framework and test development
[evaluation] framework and test development

In the course of the project , assessment materials were developed in a variety of modes .
in the course of the project , [evaluation] materials were developed in a variety of modes .

There was also a limited inquiry into the assessment of investigative work .
there was also a limited inquiry into the [evaluation] of investigative work .

Graded assessment , referred to as `` Graduated tests `` in the Cockcroft Report , has a number of features associated with it , some or all of which may be found in existing schemes .
graded [evaluation] , referred to as `` graduated tests `` in the cockcroft report , has a number of features associated with it , some or all of which may be found in existing schemes .

These are : 1 detailed specification of assessment tasks ; 2 careful specification of learning objectives , derived from the subject matter and teaching strategies which involve choices about the subject matter to be taught and assessed ; 3 a sequence of tasks generally representing some kind of progression .
these are : 1 detailed specification of [evaluation] tasks ; 2 careful specification of learning objectives , derived from the subject matter and teaching strategies which involve choices about the subject matter to be taught and assessed ; 3 a sequence of tasks generally representing some kind of progression .

This may be linked to : ( a ) structures of the subject being taught ; ( b ) progression in the number of components of the subject pupils may be expected to have learned in the course of their instruction ; ( c ) the degree of difficulty of typical test items ; ( d ) sequences which correspond to the teaching approaches of the designers of a graded assessment scheme ; 4 all of the items in a test are at a similar or the same level of difficulty ; 5 tests are intended to be taken only when pupils are ready for them ; 6 performance on tests is described in terms of `` pass ' and `` fail `` , rather than a mark or grade .
this may be linked to : ( a ) structures of the subject being taught ; ( b ) progression in the number of components of the subject pupils may be expected to have learned in the course of their instruction ; ( c ) the degree of difficulty of typical test items ; ( d ) sequences which correspond to the teaching approaches of the designers of a graded [evaluation] scheme ; 4 all of the items in a test are at a similar or the same level of difficulty ; 5 tests are intended to be taken only when pupils are ready for them ; 6 performance on tests is described in terms of `` pass ' and `` fail `` , rather than a mark or grade .

The term `` mastery `` is often used to describe proficiency in a graded assessment scheme ; 7 graded tests are generally criterion-referenced .
the term `` mastery `` is often used to describe proficiency in a graded [evaluation] scheme ; 7 graded tests are generally criterion-referenced .

These underlying questions can only be fully studied in a situation where the curriculum is of the type recommended by Cockcroft , and a graduated assessment scheme is in operation .
these underlying questions can only be fully studied in a situation where the curriculum is of the type recommended by cockcroft , and a graduated [evaluation] scheme is in operation .

Also studied were the consistency of performance of individuals within and between topics , between mode of assessment and over a period of time .
also studied were the consistency of performance of individuals within and between topics , between mode of [evaluation] and over a period of time .

Chapter 2 is a brief account of developments in assessment with particular reference to mathematics .
chapter 2 is a brief account of developments in [evaluation] with particular reference to mathematics .

Chapter 4 begins with a brief description of the modes of assessment used and contains the main body of the results of testing .
chapter 4 begins with a brief description of the modes of [evaluation] used and contains the main body of the results of testing .

Developments in Assessment
developments in [evaluation]

Every question and answer interaction in the classroom , or observation by the teacher of a pupil 's work constitutes an assessment .
every question and answer interaction in the classroom , or observation by the teacher of a pupil 's work constitutes an [evaluation] .

Contemporary trends in assessment
contemporary trends in [evaluation]

Assessment in particular subject areas , including mathematics , has traditionally been concerned mainly with knowledge and techniques .
[evaluation] in particular subject areas , including mathematics , has traditionally been concerned mainly with knowledge and techniques .

There is now considerable interest in the assessment of processes , problem solving strategies , and creativity in mathematics .
there is now considerable interest in the [evaluation] of processes , problem solving strategies , and creativity in mathematics .

Alternative modes of assessment
alternative modes of [evaluation]

The assessment of learning outcomes related to problem solving and personal qualities requires mathematics to be undertaken in context .
the [evaluation] of learning outcomes related to problem solving and personal qualities requires mathematics to be undertaken in context .

The purposes of assessment
the purposes of [evaluation]

Assessment provides information to facilitate decision making .
[evaluation] provides information to facilitate decision making .

Assessment may also be used to motivate pupils by providing a target to aim for and a reward for passing in the form of accreditation .
[evaluation] may also be used to motivate pupils by providing a target to aim for and a reward for passing in the form of accreditation .

Indeed , as stated earlier , pupil motivation was one of the reasons why the Cockcroft Committee recommended a study of graduated assessment .
indeed , as stated earlier , pupil motivation was one of the reasons why the cockcroft committee recommended a study of graduated [evaluation] .

Different assessment purposes require different kinds of assessment instrument .
different [evaluation] purposes require different kinds of [evaluation] instrument .

Assessment which is used for providing feedback to those most centrally concerned with a pupil 's learning , the pupil , the pupil 's teacher and parents , is often known as " formative " in contrast to " summative " which is mainly for external purposes .
[evaluation] which is used for providing feedback to those most centrally concerned with a pupil 's learning , the pupil , the pupil 's teacher and parents , is often known as " formative " in contrast to " summative " which is mainly for external purposes .

In summary , the purposes of assessment might be viewed under three headings : ( a ) Information for the benefit of pupils , parents , teachers or employers .
in summary , the purposes of [evaluation] might be viewed under three headings : ( a ) information for the benefit of pupils , parents , teachers or employers .

The teacher 's role in assessment
the teacher 's role in [evaluation]

In the above paragraphs a distinction was made between assessment for teaching and learning purposes and assessment for purposes external to the classroom .
in the above paragraphs a distinction was made between [evaluation] for teaching and learning purposes and [evaluation] for purposes external to the classroom .

The different purposes of assessment require different kinds of assessment ; the changing content and methods of assessment also require different methods of reporting achievement .
the different purposes of [evaluation] require different kinds of [evaluation] ; the changing content and methods of [evaluation] also require different methods of reporting achievement .

When selection is the main focus of assessment a test that provides information on where a pupil stands relative to the group taking the test is most likely to be used .
when selection is the main focus of [evaluation] a test that provides information on where a pupil stands relative to the group taking the test is most likely to be used .

The trend towards criterion-referencing signals an increasing interest in assessment for learning in contrast with assessment for selection .
the trend towards criterion-referencing signals an increasing interest in [evaluation] for learning in contrast with [evaluation] for selection .

( ii ) Self-referenced assessment
( ii ) self-referenced [evaluation]

This procedure , is sometimes referred to as ipsative assessment .
this procedure , is sometimes referred to as ipsative [evaluation] .

The assessment of low attainers : schemes in operation in 1983–4 and 1985
the [evaluation] of low attainers : schemes in operation in 1983–4 and 1985

However , 11 different modes of assessment were noted , including mental , practical , calculator , project and investigative work .
however , 11 different modes of [evaluation] were noted , including mental , practical , calculator , project and investigative work .

Modes of assessment noted in some of the schemes for lower attainers which were appropriate to a Cockcroft type curriculum , had a wide variety of interpretation .
modes of [evaluation] noted in some of the schemes for lower attainers which were appropriate to a cockcroft type curriculum , had a wide variety of interpretation .

Assessment frameworks : recent developments
[evaluation] frameworks : recent developments

An assessment framework is a structure to which any test item can be related .
an [evaluation] framework is a structure to which any test item can be related .

It is a formulation of the objectives of an assessment scheme , classifying what is to be assessed and possibly how the assessment is to be carried out — or at least the constraints within which choices of assessment method is permitted .
it is a formulation of the objectives of an [evaluation] scheme , classifying what is to be assessed and possibly how the [evaluation] is to be carried out — or at least the constraints within which choices of [evaluation] method is permitted .

Assessment schemes vary in the extent to which they rely on a structured syllabus and defined test modes .
[evaluation] schemes vary in the extent to which they rely on a structured syllabus and defined test modes .

The assessment structures of three of the schemes are described below .
the [evaluation] structures of three of the schemes are described below .

They are presented in order to illustrate some similarities and differences in the way the Cockcroft recommendations are being interpreted in relation to assessment and are not intended as a review of all the initiatives currently being undertaken .
they are presented in order to illustrate some similarities and differences in the way the cockcroft recommendations are being interpreted in relation to [evaluation] and are not intended as a review of all the initiatives currently being undertaken .

The preferred method of assessment is `` incidental `` assessment which takes place when a teacher , while in discussion with a student or observing the student 's work , notes that the student has , in fact , demonstrated competence in a particular criterion . ``
the preferred method of [evaluation] is `` incidental `` [evaluation] which takes place when a teacher , while in discussion with a student or observing the student 's work , notes that the student has , in fact , demonstrated competence in a particular criterion . ``

Incidental `` assessment is contrasted with `` Purposive `` assessment in which a specially arranged procedure , such as a test , is designed to assess pupils ' achievement of specified criteria .
incidental `` [evaluation] is contrasted with `` purposive `` [evaluation] in which a specially arranged procedure , such as a test , is designed to assess pupils ' achievement of specified criteria .

It was intended that assessment was made through observation , practical work and discussion during normal lessons .
it was intended that [evaluation] was made through observation , practical work and discussion during normal lessons .

The developments briefly described in this chapter demonstrate that there are a number of ways in which an assessment scheme consistent with the Cockcroft Committee 's recommendations could be implemented .
the developments briefly described in this chapter demonstrate that there are a number of ways in which an [evaluation] scheme consistent with the cockcroft committee 's recommendations could be implemented .

Some types of assessment , particularly practical and oral , would , therefore , be an introduction to this type of work for the schools .
some types of [evaluation] , particularly practical and oral , would , therefore , be an introduction to this type of work for the schools .

Teachers ' liaison groups in six English LEAs and two in Wales assisted with the development of the assessment materials .
teachers ' liaison groups in six english leas and two in wales assisted with the development of the [evaluation] materials .

The chapter begins with a brief description of the modes of assessment used in the testing programme .
the chapter begins with a brief description of the modes of [evaluation] used in the testing programme .

The information was also required to ascertain what assessment materials could be included at different levels of a graduated test scheme so that pupils taking each level could achieve a high degree of success .
the information was also required to ascertain what [evaluation] materials could be included at different levels of a graduated test scheme so that pupils taking each level could achieve a high degree of success .

Assessment framework and assessment modes
[evaluation] framework and [evaluation] modes

It is evident from the development work described in an earlier chapter that there are a number of ways in which a framework for assessment that accords with the Cockcroft Committee 's recommendations might be conceptualized .
it is evident from the development work described in an earlier chapter that there are a number of ways in which a framework for [evaluation] that accords with the cockcroft committee 's recommendations might be conceptualized .

The aim of the test development was to reflect as many of these activities as possible in the assessment modes .
the aim of the test development was to reflect as many of these activities as possible in the [evaluation] modes .

As well as developing modes of assessment which covered a range of activities it was intended to begin the development with more formal group tests and later work towards more informal individual assessments , particularly in liaison group schools .
as well as developing modes of [evaluation] which covered a range of activities it was intended to begin the development with more formal group tests and later work towards more informal individual assessments , particularly in liaison group schools .

The assessment modes used were as follows .
the [evaluation] modes used were as follows .

( vi ) Microcomputer assisted assessment
( vi ) microcomputer assisted [evaluation]

Some sections of the list were covered widely both in relation to topic and modes of assessment and others less so .
some sections of the list were covered widely both in relation to topic and modes of [evaluation] and others less so .

Where a range of success rates is given , this indicates that there were several assessment items for a particular skill or task and that performance covered a fairly wide band — an immediate warning that a criterion statement based on such tasks will not tell us much about pupils ' achievements .
where a range of success rates is given , this indicates that there were several [evaluation] items for a particular skill or task and that performance covered a fairly wide band — an immediate warning that a criterion statement based on such tasks will not tell us much about pupils ' achievements .

There was unanimity among the teachers about awarding marks for ( a ) and a very large measure of agreement that some aspects of ( b ) should also count towards the assessment .
there was unanimity among the teachers about awarding marks for ( a ) and a very large measure of agreement that some aspects of ( b ) should also count towards the [evaluation] .

Criterion-referenced Assessment and Graduated Tests
criterion-referenced [evaluation] and graduated tests

The chapter begins by contrasting norm- and Criterion-referenced assessment , the former placing candidates relative to other candidates and the latter placing them relative to a description of performance — a criterion statement .
the chapter begins by contrasting norm- and criterion-referenced [evaluation] , the former placing candidates relative to other candidates and the latter placing them relative to a description of performance — a criterion statement .

Norm-referenced and criterion-referenced assessment
norm-referenced and criterion-referenced [evaluation]

Norm-referenced assessment
norm-referenced [evaluation]

Criterion-referenced assessment
criterion-referenced [evaluation]

Thus , criterion-referenced assessment may have both formative and summative functions .
thus , criterion-referenced [evaluation] may have both formative and summative functions .

The term has even been used to refer to any form of assessment that is not norm-referenced .
the term has even been used to refer to any form of [evaluation] that is not norm-referenced .

In criterion-referenced assessment particular attention is paid to the setting of intended learning outcomes or teaching objectives .
in criterion-referenced [evaluation] particular attention is paid to the setting of intended learning outcomes or teaching objectives .

Criteria for criterion-referenced assessment may be derived on the basis of an analysis of the subject matter in terms of the skills , concepts and strategies required to meet a criterion . ``
criteria for criterion-referenced [evaluation] may be derived on the basis of an analysis of the subject matter in terms of the skills , concepts and strategies required to meet a criterion . ``

Assessment tasks are Constructed using the criterion descriptions as a guide , and pupils ' mastery of the domain of a criterion judged from their performance on the tasks .
[evaluation] tasks are constructed using the criterion descriptions as a guide , and pupils ' mastery of the domain of a criterion judged from their performance on the tasks .

Criterion descriptions may be regarded as setting curriculum objectives , as describing the performance of those attaining the objectives , and as specifications for test items or assessment situations .
criterion descriptions may be regarded as setting curriculum objectives , as describing the performance of those attaining the objectives , and as specifications for test items or [evaluation] situations .

Criteria may range in breadth from very narrow ( `` can add two single-digit numbers when no regrouping is required `` ) to very broad ( `` can calculate using any of the four rules of number `` ) ; the narrower a criterion statement the less equivocal its reference and so the more precisely assessment tasks based on it will be specified .
criteria may range in breadth from very narrow ( `` can add two single-digit numbers when no regrouping is required `` ) to very broad ( `` can calculate using any of the four rules of number `` ) ; the narrower a criterion statement the less equivocal its reference and so the more precisely [evaluation] tasks based on it will be specified .

If the domain of a criterion statement is broad the representativeness of assessment tasks is more difficult to arrange and criterion performance may thereby be ambivalent .
if the domain of a criterion statement is broad the representativeness of [evaluation] tasks is more difficult to arrange and criterion performance may thereby be ambivalent .

There are occasions when teachers would want detailed feedback for diagnostic purposes or to evaluate their teaching , but an assessment scheme which is tightly based on a large number of criteria would compel teachers to work to them even when it might not be appropriate to do so .
there are occasions when teachers would want detailed feedback for diagnostic purposes or to evaluate their teaching , but an [evaluation] scheme which is tightly based on a large number of criteria would compel teachers to work to them even when it might not be appropriate to do so .

The following sections contain examples of criteria of the kind that could be used in a criterion-referenced assessment scheme .
the following sections contain examples of criteria of the kind that could be used in a criterion-referenced [evaluation] scheme .

Illustrative items were included in that chapter , together with a description of the modes of assessment into which suites of related items are incorporated .
illustrative items were included in that chapter , together with a description of the modes of [evaluation] into which suites of related items are incorporated .

Foundation list topics for which criteria appear in this chapter were selected from four of the five content categories and one of the process categories of the Graduated Test Project assessment framework given in Chapter 2 ( pp .
foundation list topics for which criteria appear in this chapter were selected from four of the five content categories and one of the process categories of the graduated test project [evaluation] framework given in chapter 2 ( pp .

The general criteria above suggest a range of assessment tasks in both practical and written test modes .
the general criteria above suggest a range of [evaluation] tasks in both practical and written test modes .

The term `` generalization `` appears in lists of criteria in several assessment schemes for investigative mathematics which specify processes only , not content .
the term `` generalization `` appears in lists of criteria in several [evaluation] schemes for investigative mathematics which specify processes only , not content .

The close relationship between criterion-referenced assessment and the curriculum has been referred to in the previous section .
the close relationship between criterion-referenced [evaluation] and the curriculum has been referred to in the previous section .

Currently , however , graduated assessment is being used more for formative purposes internal to a school where wrong decisions do not have such serious consequences .
currently , however , graduated [evaluation] is being used more for formative purposes internal to a school where wrong decisions do not have such serious consequences .

Used for formative purposes , an assessment based on weak evidence could be misleading to the pupil .
used for formative purposes , an [evaluation] based on weak evidence could be misleading to the pupil .

In this chapter two different approaches to assessment have been contrasted .
in this chapter two different approaches to [evaluation] have been contrasted .

Examples of assessment tasks accompanying the criterion statements may help to pinpoint more precisely the domain referred to in a criterion statement .
examples of [evaluation] tasks accompanying the criterion statements may help to pinpoint more precisely the domain referred to in a criterion statement .

Informal assessment is costly in terms of staff resources and no evidence is yet available on the consistency of decisions made using informal assessment .
informal [evaluation] is costly in terms of staff resources and no evidence is yet available on the consistency of decisions made using informal [evaluation] .

However , whether focused tests or informal assessment is used , judgement must always be a factor in deciding on mastery at a particular point in time .
however , whether focused tests or informal [evaluation] is used , judgement must always be a factor in deciding on mastery at a particular point in time .

There must be doubts , however , whether summative assessment , involving criterion-referencing across a large part of a curriculum , will ultimately be beneficial .
there must be doubts , however , whether summative [evaluation] , involving criterion-referencing across a large part of a curriculum , will ultimately be beneficial .

Assessment .
[evaluation] .

An assessment of the new system
an [evaluation] of the new system

His car-driving was , to be as generous as possible in my assessment , highly individualistic .
his car-driving was , to be as generous as possible in my [evaluation] , highly individualistic .

6.4 Assessment of development
6.4 [evaluation] of development

This assessment by the health visitors showed a dramatic increase in their own awareness of infant foot health and the acceptability of introducing information earlier to new mothers .
this [evaluation] by the health visitors showed a dramatic increase in their own awareness of infant foot health and the acceptability of introducing information earlier to new mothers .

Assessment is not just carried out when a patient is admitted to the ward but is a continuous process because the condition of the patient is altering and therefore the care required may change rapidly .
[evaluation] is not just carried out when a patient is admitted to the ward but is a continuous process because the condition of the patient is altering and therefore the care required may change rapidly .

After assessment of the patient 's needs , an appropriate member of the nursing team is allocated to care for him .
after [evaluation] of the patient 's needs , an appropriate member of the nursing team is allocated to care for him .

In the case of Julie Smith it will be very short and admission procedures , nursing assessment and preparation for theatre will have to be compressed into a very short space of time .
in the case of julie smith it will be very short and admission procedures , nursing [evaluation] and preparation for theatre will have to be compressed into a very short space of time .

During the assessment interview there should be a two-way exchange of information so that the nurse gives information to the patient about procedures which are designed for his safety , and answers questions .
during the [evaluation] interview there should be a two-way exchange of information so that the nurse gives information to the patient about procedures which are designed for his safety , and answers questions .

Sometimes a home visit is planned , for example by the physiotherapist , in order to make a realistic assessment .
sometimes a home visit is planned , for example by the physiotherapist , in order to make a realistic [evaluation] .

The nurse 's assessment should reveal potential problems amenable to nursing action , whilst the doctor 's history , examination and investigations check for other problems such as chest infection or bronchitis , which can be dealt with medically before surgery .
the nurse 's [evaluation] should reveal potential problems amenable to nursing action , whilst the doctor 's history , examination and investigations check for other problems such as chest infection or bronchitis , which can be dealt with medically before surgery .

Observation and assessment
observation and [evaluation]

Height and weight should be measured during the assessment .
height and weight should be measured during the [evaluation] .

If problems have been identified during assessment , monitoring of vital signs and fluid balance may continue .
if problems have been identified during [evaluation] , monitoring of vital signs and fluid balance may continue .

Mr Reynolds ' pre-operative assessment revealed no respiratory or circulatory problems apart from iron-deficiency anaemia , for which he received a blood transfusion .
mr reynolds ' pre-operative [evaluation] revealed no respiratory or circulatory problems apart from iron-deficiency anaemia , for which he received a blood transfusion .

1 Assessment of the state of nutrition and hydration on admission and also the effect of admission and treatments .
1 [evaluation] of the state of nutrition and hydration on admission and also the effect of admission and treatments .

2 Giving help and assistance to patients to overcome any problems defined during assessment ( together with family , doctor and/or dietician ) .
2 giving help and assistance to patients to overcome any problems defined during [evaluation] ( together with family , doctor and/or dietician ) .

If a patient complains of any of these problems the nurse should make a careful assessment of the situation by asking tactful questions .
if a patient complains of any of these problems the nurse should make a careful [evaluation] of the situation by asking tactful questions .

In view of individual variations , a careful assessment of bowel function is needed if a patient appears to have problems related to this . Tactful questioning about bowel habit is usually part of patient assessment in surgical wards for several reasons :
in view of individual variations , a careful [evaluation] of bowel function is needed if a patient appears to have problems related to this . tactful questioning about bowel habit is usually part of patient [evaluation] in surgical wards for several reasons :

It is important that adequate pre-discharge assessment takes place to ensure that patients do not go home to situations where they are unable to cope or inadequately supported .
it is important that adequate pre-discharge [evaluation] takes place to ensure that patients do not go home to situations where they are unable to cope or inadequately supported .

Ideally this type of assessment begins when the patient is admitted to hospital so that there is adequate time for planning if special arrangements have to be made prior to the patient going home .
ideally this type of [evaluation] begins when the patient is admitted to hospital so that there is adequate time for planning if special arrangements have to be made prior to the patient going home .

3 Collect the information required for nursing assessment in conversation with the patient and/or relative .
3 collect the information required for nursing [evaluation] in conversation with the patient and/or relative .

6 Explain that the doctor will perform a medical assessment and obtain formal con-sent for Operation later .
6 explain that the doctor will perform a medical [evaluation] and obtain formal con-sent for operation later .

5 Request physiotherapist visits for pre-operative assessment and to teach post-operative breathing and leg exercises .
5 request physiotherapist visits for pre-operative [evaluation] and to teach post-operative breathing and leg exercises .

Planning for discharge should commence on admission and include assessment of the home circumstances and support available .
planning for discharge should commence on admission and include [evaluation] of the home circumstances and support available .

Pat 's assessment , yes .
pat 's [evaluation] , yes .

His assessment of them , Alice noted , was the same as hers .
his [evaluation] of them , alice noted , was the same as hers .

An assessment was made .
an [evaluation] was made .

However , the team considered that some independent assessment was desirable and appropriate where a project of this magnitude was involved .
however , the team considered that some independent [evaluation] was desirable and appropriate where a project of this magnitude was involved .

In other cases it seems that some assessment was made , at a high level , of the general condition of a school , so that it was considered inappropriate for project status .
in other cases it seems that some [evaluation] was made , at a high level , of the general condition of a school , so that it was considered inappropriate for project status .

c ) Just as teachers have much to learn from practices in industry regarding time management , and problem solving , for example , so employers can learn a great deal from teachers about curriculum developments , equal opportunities , and new forms of assessment .
c ) just as teachers have much to learn from practices in industry regarding time management , and problem solving , for example , so employers can learn a great deal from teachers about curriculum developments , equal opportunities , and new forms of [evaluation] .

Pupil Work Experience , 2. teacher secondment to industry , 3. employers into schools , 4. job seeking skills for pupils , 5. new forms of assessment , 6 .
pupil work experience , 2. teacher secondment to industry , 3. employers into schools , 4. job seeking skills for pupils , 5. new forms of [evaluation] , 6 .

5 . New forms of assessment
5 . new forms of [evaluation]

Quite clearly , though , the aims of Compact are consonant with the aims of the new generation of examinations and Compact will provide new resources and learning opportunities which can be used as a basis for course work and may in some circumstances be eligible for assessment and certification by the examining bodies , e.g .
quite clearly , though , the aims of compact are consonant with the aims of the new generation of examinations and compact will provide new resources and learning opportunities which can be used as a basis for course work and may in some circumstances be eligible for [evaluation] and certification by the examining bodies , e.g .

Activities which industry is likely to support include : — Pupil Work Experience , — teacher secondment to industry , — employers into school , — job seeking skills for pupils , including mock interviews , — new forms of assessment , — Mini-Enterprise .
activities which industry is likely to support include : — pupil work experience , — teacher secondment to industry , — employers into school , — job seeking skills for pupils , including mock interviews , — new forms of [evaluation] , — mini-enterprise .

Thus , the assessment of need must be coupled with consideration of recruitment practices , training and staff management systems which take account of both daily and weekly distribution and allow for peaks and troughs throughout the year arising from annual leave and training activity .
thus , the [evaluation] of need must be coupled with consideration of recruitment practices , training and staff management systems which take account of both daily and weekly distribution and allow for peaks and troughs throughout the year arising from annual leave and training activity .

Assessment of Need at Authority Level
[evaluation] of need at authority level

An assessment of the relative position of each service will provide the basis for a review .
an [evaluation] of the relative position of each service will provide the basis for a review .

The assessment would have taken account of the skills necessary to provide patient care and therefore indicate the grades of staff likely to be required .
the [evaluation] would have taken account of the skills necessary to provide patient care and therefore indicate the grades of staff likely to be required .

When the health visitor came , she effortlessly passed her 3-plus assessment .
when the health visitor came , she effortlessly passed her 3-plus [evaluation] .

Has that assessment been confirmed by what you 've found ?
has that [evaluation] been confirmed by what you 've found ?

There are recordings which back up such an assessment — principally the comparative versions listed above .
there are recordings which back up such an [evaluation] — principally the comparative versions listed above .

In his careful assessment of this process , Wood shows how the existing authorities kept up their Pressure for local interests — essentially for as much of the existing structure as they could maintain intact — until the last possible moment for amendments ( Wood 1976 : Ch .
in his careful [evaluation] of this process , wood shows how the existing authorities kept up their pressure for local interests — essentially for as much of the existing structure as they could maintain intact — until the last possible moment for amendments ( wood 1976 : ch .

We need to consider , however , whether the different approaches of the two parties were based on a rational assessment of party advantage .
we need to consider , however , whether the different approaches of the two parties were based on a rational [evaluation] of party advantage .

In an assessment of the years following reorganisation , Alan Alexander examined each of the three major innovations in turn .
in an [evaluation] of the years following reorganisation , alan alexander examined each of the three major innovations in turn .

In Scotland a different method of assessment of need has been adopted in response to ‘ a desire to avoid the heavy dependence on statistical method implicit in the regression analysis approach in England ’ ( Midwinter 1984:67 ) .
in scotland a different method of [evaluation] of need has been adopted in response to ‘ a desire to avoid the heavy dependence on statistical method implicit in the regression analysis approach in england ’ ( midwinter 1984:67 ) .

The assessment of needs is not , therefore , a matter of objective measurement .
the [evaluation] of needs is not , therefore , a matter of objective measurement .

The assessment is riddled with judgements made on the basis of professional experience or political choice .
the [evaluation] is riddled with judgements made on the basis of professional experience or political choice .

In the opinion of qualified American observers the South Korean assessment of guerrilla strength was convincing .
in the opinion of qualified american observers the south korean [evaluation] of guerrilla strength was convincing .

MacArthur did not indicate how the problems over the treaty could be resolved ; he did not disagree with Gascoigne 's assessment of the simmering undercurrents of discontent in Japan .
macarthur did not indicate how the problems over the treaty could be resolved ; he did not disagree with gascoigne 's [evaluation] of the simmering undercurrents of discontent in japan .

It is instructive to conclude with an assessment of the significance of Japan in the origins of the Korean War .
it is instructive to conclude with an [evaluation] of the significance of japan in the origins of the korean war .

The stress on quality is such that Prudential puts every broker , from Sydney to Milan , through a point by point assessment , and eliminates all but the best .
the stress on quality is such that prudential puts every broker , from sydney to milan , through a point by point [evaluation] , and eliminates all but the best .

Imperial College itself is still flourishing — in the last Universities funding Council assessment of research , 12 of its 16 departments got the top ‘ 5 ’ rating , equal to Oxford and only slightly behind Cambridge — but , even there , there are small , disturbing signs that all is not well .
imperial college itself is still flourishing — in the last universities funding council [evaluation] of research , 12 of its 16 departments got the top ‘ 5 ’ rating , equal to oxford and only slightly behind cambridge — but , even there , there are small , disturbing signs that all is not well .

Based on his earlier assessment of what a deal is worth , Belhaven is probably worth a round-the-world cruise .
based on his earlier [evaluation] of what a deal is worth , belhaven is probably worth a round-the-world cruise .

Instead they face a rationing problem , where priority is awarded according to assessment of ‘ need ’ .
instead they face a rationing problem , where priority is awarded according to [evaluation] of ‘ need ’ .

We must remember , even so , that this was the golden age 's own assessment of its own golden youth , and the repeated alarms about pistol gangs gives a further indication of the depth of the fears surrounding working-class youth at this time .
we must remember , even so , that this was the golden age 's own [evaluation] of its own golden youth , and the repeated alarms about pistol gangs gives a further indication of the depth of the fears surrounding working-class youth at this time .

The drug categories were ranked according to an assessment of their ‘ problem-causing ’ potential , particularly as regards such problems as addiction , overdose , disease , and temporary deficits in skills needed to operate machinery ( for example , to drive a car ) .
the drug categories were ranked according to an [evaluation] of their ‘ problem-causing ’ potential , particularly as regards such problems as addiction , overdose , disease , and temporary deficits in skills needed to operate machinery ( for example , to drive a car ) .

The interviews began with a chat about the aims of the research project , emphasising the importance of the ‘ consumer 's point of view ’ for the assessment of future service provision in Wirral .
the interviews began with a chat about the aims of the research project , emphasising the importance of the ‘ consumer 's point of view ’ for the [evaluation] of future service provision in wirral .

Assessment of the Convention .
[evaluation] of the convention .

Given the distribution of older people throughout the different medical specialisms it could be argued that all doctors ( and nurses ) should receive some training in the main aspects of geriatric medicine , with its emphasis upon rehabilitation and the role of multi-disciplinary care and assessment .
given the distribution of older people throughout the different medical specialisms it could be argued that all doctors ( and nurses ) should receive some training in the main aspects of geriatric medicine , with its emphasis upon rehabilitation and the role of multi-disciplinary care and [evaluation] .

The result of each assessment invitation must be recorded in the patient 's notes .
the result of each [evaluation] invitation must be recorded in the patient 's notes .

Making proper assessment of need and good case management the key to the provision of good quality care .
making proper [evaluation] of need and good case management the key to the provision of good quality care .

The avoidance of unnecessary institutional care by assessment of need for care .
the avoidance of unnecessary institutional care by [evaluation] of need for care .

First , there is the acceptance that elected local authorities , via their social services departments , should become the prime agency in developing community care with the responsibility for the publication of community care plans for their area , the assessment of individuals ' needs for care , the purchasing of appropriate care and the inspection of all segments of the residential sector .
first , there is the acceptance that elected local authorities , via their social services departments , should become the prime agency in developing community care with the responsibility for the publication of community care plans for their area , the [evaluation] of individuals ' needs for care , the purchasing of appropriate care and the inspection of all segments of the residential sector .

While we can not be certain about the precise structure it is clear that departments will have four main functions : assessment , purchasing of care , inspection of services and direct care provision ( Figure 8.2 ) .
while we can not be certain about the precise structure it is clear that departments will have four main functions : [evaluation] , purchasing of care , inspection of services and direct care provision ( figure 8.2 ) .

Once the community care reforms are implemented then entry into all forms of institutional care will be funded by the local authority only if an assessment indicates that it is the most ‘ appropriate ’ form of care for that individual .
once the community care reforms are implemented then entry into all forms of institutional care will be funded by the local authority only if an [evaluation] indicates that it is the most ‘ appropriate ’ form of care for that individual .

Von Tarlenheim shows the way to a proper assessment of the theme of Rupert of Hentzau , as of The Prisoner of Zenda :
von tarlenheim shows the way to a proper [evaluation] of the theme of rupert of hentzau , as of the prisoner of zenda :

The assessment of various regulatory alternatives to solve financial market regulatory problems requires governments and regulators to make appropriate policy choices not only in a reasoned and cost-effective way , but with regard to issues of fairness .
the [evaluation] of various regulatory alternatives to solve financial market regulatory problems requires governments and regulators to make appropriate policy choices not only in a reasoned and cost-effective way , but with regard to issues of fairness .

First , relevant case law provides a testing ground where the government and regulatory authorities can tailor regulatory reform in the light of judicial assessment of regulatory developments .
first , relevant case law provides a testing ground where the government and regulatory authorities can tailor regulatory reform in the light of judicial [evaluation] of regulatory developments .

The regulation of insider dealing necessarily involves a complex assessment of the available regulatory options .
the regulation of insider dealing necessarily involves a complex [evaluation] of the available regulatory options .

To standardise the manner in which information was presented by the investigator , patients were simply left to digest the written information for one hour , but they were given the opportunity to clarify anything which they did not understand before their state of anxiety was reassessed by a second Spielberger questionnaire . In addition to the in hospital assessment , we also wanted to know what the patients thought about the amount of information they were given , and to do this we administered a telephone questionnaire consisting of six questions about their inpatient experiences , one of which read ‘ Was the amount of information you received before your operation too much , about right , or too little ? ’
to standardise the manner in which information was presented by the investigator , patients were simply left to digest the written information for one hour , but they were given the opportunity to clarify anything which they did not understand before their state of anxiety was reassessed by a second spielberger questionnaire . in addition to the in hospital [evaluation] , we also wanted to know what the patients thought about the amount of information they were given , and to do this we administered a telephone questionnaire consisting of six questions about their inpatient experiences , one of which read ‘ was the amount of information you received before your operation too much , about right , or too little ? ’

β cell function and insulin sensitivity calculated from the fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations with homeostasis model assessment .
β cell function and insulin sensitivity calculated from the fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations with homeostasis model [evaluation] .

The fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were interpreted by homeostasis model assessment to assess β cell function and insulin sensitivity .
the fasting plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were interpreted by homeostasis model [evaluation] to assess β cell function and insulin sensitivity .

β cell function and insulin sensitivity measured by homeostatic model assessment have been shown to correlate with measures obtained by hyperglycaemic clamp and euglycaemic clamp .
β cell function and insulin sensitivity measured by homeostatic model [evaluation] have been shown to correlate with measures obtained by hyperglycaemic clamp and euglycaemic clamp .

Of more urgent concern is the uncontrolled way in which new drugs , formulations , and presentations ( not of individual high cost but likely to be used for large numbers of patients ) are introduced , without assessment of health gain or cost , into primary care prescribing by consultants ' recommendations , patient pressure , general practitioners ' individual decisions .
of more urgent concern is the uncontrolled way in which new drugs , formulations , and presentations ( not of individual high cost but likely to be used for large numbers of patients ) are introduced , without [evaluation] of health gain or cost , into primary care prescribing by consultants ' recommendations , patient pressure , general practitioners ' individual decisions .

The use of health promotion funds to encourage opportunistic health promotion activities according to agreed criteria ; the setting up of ‘ at risk ’ registers ; and the establishment of an information base for practice list needs assessment .
the use of health promotion funds to encourage opportunistic health promotion activities according to agreed criteria ; the setting up of ‘ at risk ’ registers ; and the establishment of an information base for practice list needs [evaluation] .

She might be less than pleased with this assessment by a married 39-year-old surveyor : ‘ Patsy Kensit is attractive in a sluttish sort of way .
she might be less than pleased with this [evaluation] by a married 39-year-old surveyor : ‘ patsy kensit is attractive in a sluttish sort of way .

However , floating has occurred previously , as in 1973 , because of a breakdown in fixed exchange rates rather than as a result of a collective decision based on an assessment of its relative advantages .
however , floating has occurred previously , as in 1973 , because of a breakdown in fixed exchange rates rather than as a result of a collective decision based on an [evaluation] of its relative advantages .

Henceforth the ‘ unit of assessment ’ became the individual or a married couple , and any dependent children living with them .
henceforth the ‘ unit of [evaluation] ’ became the individual or a married couple , and any dependent children living with them .

The sun on our backs and bright crystals biting into our feet , the printed pain of a sharp finger edge cutting across the joyful soft warmth of the wind ; the loving immediacy of experience which hurls us free from the containment of assessment , order and code .
the sun on our backs and bright crystals biting into our feet , the printed pain of a sharp finger edge cutting across the joyful soft warmth of the wind ; the loving immediacy of experience which hurls us free from the containment of [evaluation] , order and code .

That assessment was shared by John Monk , deputy managing director of London chain Books Etc .
that [evaluation] was shared by john monk , deputy managing director of london chain books etc .

Publishers employing 25 people or fewer in Camden , Hammersmith , Fulham , Kensington , Chelsea and Westminster could receive funding towards the costs of assessment for employees wishing to gain National Vocational Qualifications .
publishers employing 25 people or fewer in camden , hammersmith , fulham , kensington , chelsea and westminster could receive funding towards the costs of [evaluation] for employees wishing to gain national vocational qualifications .

Funding of £20,000 has been provided by the Central London Training and Enterprise Council , and will be administered by Book House Training Centre . Details of the Assessment Grant Scheme are available from
funding of £20,000 has been provided by the central london training and enterprise council , and will be administered by book house training centre . details of the [evaluation] grant scheme are available from

More important will be the role of the new School Curriculum and Assessment Authority , which will replace the present National Curriculum and Schools Examinations and Assessment Councils .
more important will be the role of the new school curriculum and [evaluation] authority , which will replace the present national curriculum and schools examinations and [evaluation] councils .

continue unabated , fuelled by the fact that assessment of their performance and career prospects will be closely linked to their ability to be published in recognised journals .
continue unabated , fuelled by the fact that [evaluation] of their performance and career prospects will be closely linked to their ability to be published in recognised journals .

Wandsworth had accused union members of acting in breach of their employment contracts and of a statutory duty to carry out continuous assessment of pupils ' work .
wandsworth had accused union members of acting in breach of their employment contracts and of a statutory duty to carry out continuous [evaluation] of pupils ' work .

In addition , the Scheme allows for payment to be made in some cases where the assessment of probability of causation would be insufficient for liability to be established in the courts .
in addition , the scheme allows for payment to be made in some cases where the [evaluation] of probability of causation would be insufficient for liability to be established in the courts .

Formal assessment of modifications submissions is vital and Jill Featherstone of Computers & documentation at Torness keeps the paperwork moving .
formal [evaluation] of modifications submissions is vital and jill featherstone of computers & documentation at torness keeps the paperwork moving .

First event , Golf GTi Saloon Car instruction and assessment .
first event , golf gti saloon car instruction and [evaluation] .

For further details on this scheme including performance criteria , assessment requirements and how to register , please contact or write to him at the address below .
for further details on this scheme including performance criteria , [evaluation] requirements and how to register , please contact or write to him at the address below .

— Director of Assessment and Marketing : charged with the task of widening the Board 's range of NVQs to offer a complete portfolio to all its Centres .
— director of [evaluation] and marketing : charged with the task of widening the board 's range of nvqs to offer a complete portfolio to all its centres .

Broadly speaking eligible trainees are individuals who pay for their own training or assessment out of their own resources , who do not receive assistance from an employer or are not funded under a Government Scheme towards the cost of such training .
broadly speaking eligible trainees are individuals who pay for their own training or [evaluation] out of their own resources , who do not receive assistance from an employer or are not funded under a government scheme towards the cost of such training .

Adequacy of output will be a matter for assessment by the Examiners .
adequacy of output will be a matter for [evaluation] by the examiners .

Adequacy of output will be a matter for assessment by the Examiners .
adequacy of output will be a matter for [evaluation] by the examiners .

Adequacy of output will be a matter for assessment by the Examiners .
adequacy of output will be a matter for [evaluation] by the examiners .

The final assessment of the student is by means of a profile of performance completed by the course teacher .
the final [evaluation] of the student is by means of a profile of performance completed by the course teacher .

develop units and courses , along the lines set out in the ‘ Advanced Courses Development Programme — Policy Paper ’ ( March 1988 ) incorporating the concepts of competence based assessment .
develop units and courses , along the lines set out in the ‘ advanced courses development programme — policy paper ’ ( march 1988 ) incorporating the concepts of competence based [evaluation] .

Where courses are offered at only one teaching centre , it would be possible to make significant progress by initially devolving responsibility for assessment only to the college , while maintaining for the time being central control of the course content . Some advantages of such a strategy would be :
where courses are offered at only one teaching centre , it would be possible to make significant progress by initially devolving responsibility for [evaluation] only to the college , while maintaining for the time being central control of the course content . some advantages of such a strategy would be :

There is no doubt that major changes are underway in higher education involving a substantial degree of devolution to the colleges for course design and assessment .
there is no doubt that major changes are underway in higher education involving a substantial degree of devolution to the colleges for course design and [evaluation] .

The group identified a number of needs , including information dissemination , validation , preparation of course documentation , writing competences and units and assessment techniques .
the group identified a number of needs , including information dissemination , validation , preparation of course documentation , writing competences and units and [evaluation] techniques .

to participate in discussions with colleges on devolution of assessment of single-college courses .
to participate in discussions with colleges on devolution of [evaluation] of single-college courses .

The new Assessment Department structure is summarised in the diagram .
the new [evaluation] department structure is summarised in the diagram .

As indicated above , we have now set up a Validated Courses Section within the Assessment Department and ( ) is heading this .
as indicated above , we have now set up a validated courses section within the [evaluation] department and ( ) is heading this .

evaluating the nature and sufficiency of assessment evidence ;
evaluating the nature and sufficiency of [evaluation] evidence ;

Assessment Devolution
[evaluation] devolution

It gives colleges freedom to decide on the timing of assessment and the provision of resits .
it gives colleges freedom to decide on the timing of [evaluation] and the provision of resits .

It also provides staff with experience in the development of assessment procedures , and this experience should be valuable preparation for the more extensive devolution of responsibility which is envisaged by the Council .
it also provides staff with experience in the development of [evaluation] procedures , and this experience should be valuable preparation for the more extensive devolution of responsibility which is envisaged by the council .

Tom Drake or Anne Galloway of the Assessment Department will be happy to discuss any aspect of the college 's assumption of responsibility for assessment or to give information on the systems which other centres are adopting .
tom drake or anne galloway of the [evaluation] department will be happy to discuss any aspect of the college 's assumption of responsibility for [evaluation] or to give information on the systems which other centres are adopting .

The implication of this three-year transition is that the existing assessment and examination system will be phased out over a number of years , as courses are transferred to the new system .
the implication of this three-year transition is that the existing [evaluation] and examination system will be phased out over a number of years , as courses are transferred to the new system .

2.3 The implication of this three-year transition is that the existing assessment and examination system will be phased out over a number of years , as courses are transferred to the new system .
2.3 the implication of this three-year transition is that the existing [evaluation] and examination system will be phased out over a number of years , as courses are transferred to the new system .

Introduction to Criterion Referenced Assessment
introduction to criterion referenced [evaluation]

Preparation of Assessment Instruments in a Criterion Referenced Assessment System
preparation of [evaluation] instruments in a criterion referenced [evaluation] system

Respondents commented on the greater sense of ownership of the new courses , of opportunities to tailor the courses better to the needs of local candidates and employers , and of greater flexibility , particularly in assessment arrangements .
respondents commented on the greater sense of ownership of the new courses , of opportunities to tailor the courses better to the needs of local candidates and employers , and of greater flexibility , particularly in [evaluation] arrangements .

Among the criticisms voiced , there were comments on jargon in the specifications ' language and on the need for more guidance on assessment and , especially , on merit .
among the criticisms voiced , there were comments on jargon in the specifications ' language and on the need for more guidance on [evaluation] and , especially , on merit .

The evaluation asked staff about the particular assessment instruments they used , and the frequency with which each was used .
the evaluation asked staff about the particular [evaluation] instruments they used , and the frequency with which each was used .

The most striking thing about the results is the wide range of assessment instruments being routinely used by this sample of centre staff .
the most striking thing about the results is the wide range of [evaluation] instruments being routinely used by this sample of centre staff .

There were , though , comments from staff which indicated that assessment is still an area where further development work is needed .
there were , though , comments from staff which indicated that [evaluation] is still an area where further development work is needed .

The particular issues raised were of over-assessment and of a fragmented approach to assessment .
the particular issues raised were of over-assessment and of a fragmented approach to [evaluation] .

We will therefore be setting up a short-life , intensive research project to look at over-assessment , both to identity good practice and to review and reiterate work already done ( for example , in the Innovative Approaches to Assessment Project reported in Update 11 ) .
we will therefore be setting up a short-life , intensive research project to look at over-assessment , both to identity good practice and to review and reiterate work already done ( for example , in the innovative approaches to [evaluation] project reported in update 11 ) .

One key area to be addressed is the potential for integration of assessment — that is , to use a single instrument of assessment to assess several outcomes in the same unit or indeed outcomes across more than one unit .
one key area to be addressed is the potential for integration of [evaluation] — that is , to use a single instrument of [evaluation] to assess several outcomes in the same unit or indeed outcomes across more than one unit .

In non-life insurance — such as fire , accident and motor — it means being involved in statistical research underlying the assessment of increasingly complicated risks .
in non-life insurance — such as fire , accident and motor — it means being involved in statistical research underlying the [evaluation] of increasingly complicated risks .

delivery and assessment in a language other than English
delivery and [evaluation] in a language other than english

the delivery and assessment of modules in a language other than English .
the delivery and [evaluation] of modules in a language other than english .

The need for national qualifications for those carrying out the main functions in the assessment process has become increasingly pressing .
the need for national qualifications for those carrying out the main functions in the [evaluation] process has become increasingly pressing .

Can prizes be awarded without compromising the very foundation on which National Certificate assessment is built ?
can prizes be awarded without compromising the very foundation on which national certificate [evaluation] is built ?

At the meeting , Tom McCool was accompanied by Dennis Gunning , Depute Director ( Assessment ) and by Jim Kennedy , Assistant Director ( National Certificate Assessment ) .
at the meeting , tom mccool was accompanied by dennis gunning , depute director ( [evaluation] ) and by jim kennedy , assistant director ( national certificate [evaluation] ) .

In an internal reorganisation Jim Kennedy has moved from the National Certificate Unit to take charge of assessment of Advanced Courses .
in an internal reorganisation jim kennedy has moved from the national certificate unit to take charge of [evaluation] of advanced courses .

Andrew Burt explains that another common reason is that the instruments of assessment specified in the module descriptor are not being used or have been varied .
andrew burt explains that another common reason is that the instruments of [evaluation] specified in the module descriptor are not being used or have been varied .

Centres must stick to the published learning outcomes and performance criteria and only vary the assessment instruments if they have permission — and they must make sure that candidates ' work is retained until the published dates .
centres must stick to the published learning outcomes and performance criteria and only vary the [evaluation] instruments if they have permission — and they must make sure that candidates ' work is retained until the published dates .

Intensive Subject Assessment
intensive subject [evaluation]

The reason is that these colleges agreed to be pilots for a new form of subject assessment described as ‘ intensive ’ to distinguish it from the usual sampling method by which visits take place .
the reason is that these colleges agreed to be pilots for a new form of subject [evaluation] described as ‘ intensive ’ to distinguish it from the usual sampling method by which visits take place .

This the ‘ intensive ’ form of subject assessment was born .
this the ‘ intensive ’ form of subject [evaluation] was born .

It 's too early to say whether the ‘ intensive ’ model will become a regular feature of subject assessment , although early indications are favourable .
it 's too early to say whether the ‘ intensive ’ model will become a regular feature of subject [evaluation] , although early indications are favourable .

The Assessment Department is headed by Dennis Gunning , Depute Director , and its National Certificate Unit by Muriel Dunbar , Acting Assistant Director .
the [evaluation] department is headed by dennis gunning , depute director , and its national certificate unit by muriel dunbar , acting assistant director .

‘ Guide to Procedures ’ outlines all the procedures involved in entry , certification , subject assessor visits , change to assessment instruments — and has samples of the forms involved and exemplars of module descriptors , module summary forms etc .
‘ guide to procedures ’ outlines all the procedures involved in entry , certification , subject assessor visits , change to [evaluation] instruments — and has samples of the forms involved and exemplars of module descriptors , module summary forms etc .

‘ Guide to Assessment ’ was published in the summer of 1988 and is intended to be a ready reference on National Certificate assessment .
‘ guide to [evaluation] ’ was published in the summer of 1988 and is intended to be a ready reference on national certificate [evaluation] .

It is structured to provide information for those who have to ‘ flesh out ’ a module as well as discussing criterion-referenced assessment and choice of assessment instruments in more detail for those who might be thinking of developing their own module or seeking permission to vary the assessment instruments in an existing module .
it is structured to provide information for those who have to ‘ flesh out ’ a module as well as discussing criterion-referenced [evaluation] and choice of [evaluation] instruments in more detail for those who might be thinking of developing their own module or seeking permission to vary the [evaluation] instruments in an existing module .

Quality assurance systems for assessment in the workplace .
quality assurance systems for [evaluation] in the workplace .

As standards are being finalised , consideration is given to arrangements for the assessment of candidates ' competence .
as standards are being finalised , consideration is given to arrangements for the [evaluation] of candidates ' competence .

Standards which do not enable valid and reliable assessment are of little value to end users .
standards which do not enable valid and reliable [evaluation] are of little value to end users .

This is not , however , to suggest that assessment considerations should be the overriding factor in the development of qualifications .
this is not , however , to suggest that [evaluation] considerations should be the overriding factor in the development of qualifications .

Conclusions drawn from the information are based on the rational assessment of the information
conclusions drawn from the information are based on the rational [evaluation] of the information

In this care , observation of a trainee 's performance would not alone ensure comprehensive assessment of competence .
in this care , observation of a trainee 's performance would not alone ensure comprehensive [evaluation] of competence .

This might involve , for example , the use of self and peer assessment based on structured interviews or the completion of detailed report forms , or could involve the use of simulations or assignments .
this might involve , for example , the use of self and peer [evaluation] based on structured interviews or the completion of detailed report forms , or could involve the use of simulations or assignments .

It is important that assessment methodologies which will provide valid and reliable results are developed at an early stage .
it is important that [evaluation] methodologies which will provide valid and reliable results are developed at an early stage .

The specification of assessment requirements leads in turn to the identification of individuals within the workplace to act as assessors .
the specification of [evaluation] requirements leads in turn to the identification of individuals within the workplace to act as assessors .

They should be credible in the assessment context , which means that in addition to having expertise in the relevant discipline , they should also have some formal training in assessment methodology and techniques .
they should be credible in the [evaluation] context , which means that in addition to having expertise in the relevant discipline , they should also have some formal training in [evaluation] methodology and techniques .

It would be unrealistic to assume that any assessment process based solely on one assessor 's judgement of another 's competence would always be regarded as completely valid and reliable .
it would be unrealistic to assume that any [evaluation] process based solely on one assessor 's judgement of another 's competence would always be regarded as completely valid and reliable .

Having looked at assessment and verification and the people involved it is appropriate to consider whether or not a process of approval ( sometimes called ‘ validation ’ ) should be developed and applied to organisations wishing to offer particular types of provision .
having looked at [evaluation] and verification and the people involved it is appropriate to consider whether or not a process of approval ( sometimes called ‘ validation ’ ) should be developed and applied to organisations wishing to offer particular types of provision .

Further information on any issue relating to workplace assessment may be obtained from .
further information on any issue relating to workplace [evaluation] may be obtained from .

Two clear groups of standards are emerging : one relates to an organisation 's requirements and provision for human resource development , the other to an individual 's learning needs , their implementation and assessment .
two clear groups of standards are emerging : one relates to an organisation 's requirements and provision for human resource development , the other to an individual 's learning needs , their implementation and [evaluation] .

In addition , guidance in the form of performance evidence , assessment evidence , assessment methods and related knowledge will be provided for the benefit of those who have to implement and assess standards .
in addition , guidance in the form of performance evidence , [evaluation] evidence , [evaluation] methods and related knowledge will be provided for the benefit of those who have to implement and assess standards .

This comparison highlights the centrality of the assessment of employment-led standards in vocational qualifications and pays due regard to access , progression and breadth .
this comparison highlights the centrality of the [evaluation] of employment-led standards in vocational qualifications and pays due regard to access , progression and breadth .

Assessment must be valid and reliable with an associated quality assurance system that ensures the credibility of the award .
[evaluation] must be valid and reliable with an associated quality assurance system that ensures the credibility of the award .

Developing and testing the standards , including assessment processes .
developing and testing the standards , including [evaluation] processes .

Overall there has been an increase in the number of candidates involved in advanced courses , with a total of 23,945 candidates ( 20,870 previously ) enrolled for assessment .
overall there has been an increase in the number of candidates involved in advanced courses , with a total of 23,945 candidates ( 20,870 previously ) enrolled for [evaluation] .

In intensive subject assessment , a systematic approach is adopted and every module which a centre offers is reviewed by a team of Subject Assessors within a relatively short period of time , usually one to two weeks .
in intensive subject [evaluation] , a systematic approach is adopted and every module which a centre offers is reviewed by a team of subject assessors within a relatively short period of time , usually one to two weeks .

‘ In the past , subject assessment varied a great deal ’ explained Fiona Baikie , Assistant Principal at Telford College in Edinburgh , Scotland 's largest National Certificate centre .
‘ in the past , subject [evaluation] varied a great deal ’ explained fiona baikie , assistant principal at telford college in edinburgh , scotland 's largest national certificate centre .

Telford 's intensive subject assessment , co-ordinated in college by Fiona Baikie , took place over a fortnight at the end of November 1989 .
telford 's intensive subject [evaluation] , co-ordinated in college by fiona baikie , took place over a fortnight at the end of november 1989 .

‘ Such an intensive subject assessment was stressful for the staff , ’ commented Fiona Baikie , ‘ but it helped that we were all assessed together , so no one subject or person was singled out .
‘ such an intensive subject [evaluation] was stressful for the staff , ’ commented fiona baikie , ‘ but it helped that we were all assessed together , so no one subject or person was singled out .

As the subject assessment proceeded it also became clear that the Subject Assessors were there to be supportive — not to look for mistakes , but to help us ’ .
as the subject [evaluation] proceeded it also became clear that the subject assessors were there to be supportive — not to look for mistakes , but to help us ’ .

At Wester Hailes a small support group was set up in advance of the assessment to advise staff on what would be required of them .
at wester hailes a small support group was set up in advance of the [evaluation] to advise staff on what would be required of them .

‘ This was our first experience of subject assessment in this department , and we were unsure what to expect .
‘ this was our first experience of subject [evaluation] in this department , and we were unsure what to expect .

Because intensive subject assessment is concentrated over a short period of time , many felt that disruption of staff and students was less , in the long run , than under the normal system .
because intensive subject [evaluation] is concentrated over a short period of time , many felt that disruption of staff and students was less , in the long run , than under the normal system .

Although the intensive system of subject assessment takes up a good deal of time , it has been well received by these two centres .
although the intensive system of subject [evaluation] takes up a good deal of time , it has been well received by these two centres .

Recommendations on subject assessment frequency varied between modules , though all staff appreciated the importance of regular checking , especially after the introduction of a new module .
recommendations on subject [evaluation] frequency varied between modules , though all staff appreciated the importance of regular checking , especially after the introduction of a new module .

Following the reorganisation of the Assessment Services Department , the Field Officer team has seen a few staffing changes .
following the reorganisation of the [evaluation] services department , the field officer team has seen a few staffing changes .

Using sound induction systems and assessment techniques , the prison authorities are more able to meet the educational/vocational training needs , aspirations and abilities of inmates .
using sound induction systems and [evaluation] techniques , the prison authorities are more able to meet the educational/vocational training needs , aspirations and abilities of inmates .

are the staff appropriate for the delivery and assessment of that award ?
are the staff appropriate for the delivery and [evaluation] of that award ?

is the assessment method and material suitable ?
is the [evaluation] method and material suitable ?

the suitability of the assessment instruments proposed .
the suitability of the [evaluation] instruments proposed .

assessment and recording procedures were followed ;
[evaluation] and recording procedures were followed ;

appropriate evidence of assessment is available for the external verifier .
appropriate evidence of [evaluation] is available for the external verifier .

Resources should include equipment , teaching/training material , availability of appropriate reference material and appropriate assessment material matched to the outcomes and performance criteria .
resources should include equipment , teaching/training material , availability of appropriate reference material and appropriate [evaluation] material matched to the outcomes and performance criteria .

The centre ensures that staff providing teaching/training and assessment are :
the centre ensures that staff providing teaching/training and [evaluation] are :

competent in the application and evaluation of the types of assessment relevant to the award .
competent in the application and evaluation of the types of [evaluation] relevant to the award .

Responsibility for these services lies in the Assessment Services Department ; essential support services supplied by the Administration and Finance Department such as office services and computing have also been included within the scope of the quality system .
responsibility for these services lies in the [evaluation] services department ; essential support services supplied by the administration and finance department such as office services and computing have also been included within the scope of the quality system .

We require all centres to take responsibility for assessment .
we require all centres to take responsibility for [evaluation] .

It also ensures that all outcomes are covered by the assessments and are given the right emphasis , whether the assessment is knowledge-based or practical , achieved in the workplace or in a classroom .
it also ensures that all outcomes are covered by the assessments and are given the right emphasis , whether the [evaluation] is knowledge-based or practical , achieved in the workplace or in a classroom .

To support centres , we provide advice and guidance on assessment .
to support centres , we provide advice and guidance on [evaluation] .

We are now working on a second edition of our ‘ bestseller ’ Guide to Assessment which will be available later in the Summer .
we are now working on a second edition of our ‘ bestseller ’ guide to [evaluation] which will be available later in the summer .

The new approach to assessment has been one of the most important changes in vocational education and training over the last ten years .
the new approach to [evaluation] has been one of the most important changes in vocational education and training over the last ten years .

We hope that this Update will keep you abreast of the latest developments in assessment and related issues .
we hope that this update will keep you abreast of the latest developments in [evaluation] and related issues .

changes to assessment instruments in National Certificate Modules .
changes to [evaluation] instruments in national certificate modules .

When an assessment instrument is varied in a National Certificate Module for candidates with special needs , it would be helpful if brief details of the change could be sent to us .
when an [evaluation] instrument is varied in a national certificate module for candidates with special needs , it would be helpful if brief details of the change could be sent to us .

One important aspect of this criterion , and its amplifying note , is that staff carrying out internal verification must be experienced in the award 's occupational or subject area — experience or qualifications in the generic area of assessment is not enough .
one important aspect of this criterion , and its amplifying note , is that staff carrying out internal verification must be experienced in the award 's occupational or subject area — experience or qualifications in the generic area of [evaluation] is not enough .

Separate assessment instruments for each unit ?
separate [evaluation] instruments for each unit ?

that the assessment task chosen ( the project , in the above example ) must provide identifiable evidence of the candidate 's achievement in each outcome covered
that the [evaluation] task chosen ( the project , in the above example ) must provide identifiable evidence of the candidate 's achievement in each outcome covered

that the candidate knows which outcomes or units are included in any assessment he or she is undertaking .
that the candidate knows which outcomes or units are included in any [evaluation] he or she is undertaking .

we encourage centres to use integrative approaches to assessment in which a single assessment instrument can generate evidence across a range of outcomes .
we encourage centres to use integrative approaches to [evaluation] in which a single [evaluation] instrument can generate evidence across a range of outcomes .

Anne Galloway , who is co-ordinating production of the new Guide to assessment will be happy to help .
anne galloway , who is co-ordinating production of the new guide to [evaluation] will be happy to help .

Since the arrival of the National standards for assessment and verification , it has been our intention to find ways of achieving certificates for our team of external verifiers .
since the arrival of the national standards for [evaluation] and verification , it has been our intention to find ways of achieving certificates for our team of external verifiers .

Assessment of the performance of samples of polymer in improving oil recovery from North Sea reservoirs .
[evaluation] of the performance of samples of polymer in improving oil recovery from north sea reservoirs .

In June 1992 the company had an informal pre-assessment and the final assessment took place in early October 1992 .
in june 1992 the company had an informal pre-assessment and the final [evaluation] took place in early october 1992 .

One hundred fundraisers who took part in the Building Blocks Appeal to raise £750,000 for a new child assessment centre received a limited edition Wedgwood plate as a thank you for their hard work and generosity .
one hundred fundraisers who took part in the building blocks appeal to raise £750,000 for a new child [evaluation] centre received a limited edition wedgwood plate as a thank you for their hard work and generosity .

Heartwatch gives a specific assessment of the probability of developing heart disease or suffering a stroke in later life .
heartwatch gives a specific [evaluation] of the probability of developing heart disease or suffering a stroke in later life .

Technical resources from Rentokil 's research and Development division include objective scientific assessment of new methods and materials so that the service staff are not solely dependent on the claims of manufacturers .
technical resources from rentokil 's research and development division include objective scientific [evaluation] of new methods and materials so that the service staff are not solely dependent on the claims of manufacturers .

More Self Assessment Questions
more self [evaluation] questions

the boys contact with the authority was for assessment and placement purposes .
the boys contact with the authority was for [evaluation] and placement purposes .

a vocational assessment which would include an interview and testing of vocational skills was analogous to a medical examination .
a vocational [evaluation] which would include an interview and testing of vocational skills was analogous to a medical examination .

Heartwatch offers an assessment of a person 's risk from heart disease and general health and fitness checks .
heartwatch offers an [evaluation] of a person 's risk from heart disease and general health and fitness checks .

People only accumulate competencies by continuous assessment of skills they do in their day to day job .
people only accumulate competencies by continuous [evaluation] of skills they do in their day to day job .

NVQs — Standards-based approach for training and assessment , by Andrew Noonan .
nvqs — standards-based approach for training and [evaluation] , by andrew noonan .

In the event that it is apparent that the case will , in fact , be contested , either because liability is to be denied or because the parties are too far apart in their assessment of the issues in dispute , now is the appropriate time to consider what further evidence is required for the Proof and whether the evidence that is available is adequate and sufficient for its purpose .
in the event that it is apparent that the case will , in fact , be contested , either because liability is to be denied or because the parties are too far apart in their [evaluation] of the issues in dispute , now is the appropriate time to consider what further evidence is required for the proof and whether the evidence that is available is adequate and sufficient for its purpose .

The Panel also interviewed 39 students from unrecognised courses in 22 countries seeking assessment of their qualifications .
the panel also interviewed 39 students from unrecognised courses in 22 countries seeking [evaluation] of their qualifications .

Sandra Percy is currently undertaking a study of the process of change in the assessment and teaching of English Language in a rural secondary school and one of its associated primary schools as a result of the implementation of the initiative Curriculum and Assessment in Scotland ; a policy for the 90s .
sandra percy is currently undertaking a study of the process of change in the [evaluation] and teaching of english language in a rural secondary school and one of its associated primary schools as a result of the implementation of the initiative curriculum and [evaluation] in scotland ; a policy for the 90s .

The subjects of these talks were current teaching methodology , assessment and reporting .
the subjects of these talks were current teaching methodology , [evaluation] and reporting .

To heighten the sense of commitment of the partner in charge of the external assessment , the assessors ' report should be signed in his or her own name on behalf of the firm of external assessors .
to heighten the sense of commitment of the partner in charge of the external [evaluation] , the assessors ' report should be signed in his or her own name on behalf of the firm of external assessors .

The audit review panel would be completely independent of the directors and would have responsibility for the supervision of the assessment process on behalf of the shareholders and be responsive to the needs of other stakeholders .
the audit review panel would be completely independent of the directors and would have responsibility for the supervision of the [evaluation] process on behalf of the shareholders and be responsive to the needs of other stakeholders .

The organisation has developed an assessment package which enables members to determine their quality positioning against internationally recognised role models and it runs common interest working parties where member companies can work together solving problems of quality progression and sharing knowledge and experience over such issues as benchmarking and the cost of non-conformance with quality .
the organisation has developed an [evaluation] package which enables members to determine their quality positioning against internationally recognised role models and it runs common interest working parties where member companies can work together solving problems of quality progression and sharing knowledge and experience over such issues as benchmarking and the cost of non-conformance with quality .

All this variety of opinion , assessment and recommendation will be considered by The Royal Commission on Criminal Justice , which is due to report this month .
all this variety of opinion , [evaluation] and recommendation will be considered by the royal commission on criminal justice , which is due to report this month .

The value they place on your business is more likely to rest on an independent assessment than on your balance sheet and projections .
the value they place on your business is more likely to rest on an independent [evaluation] than on your balance sheet and projections .

While the regional value of whisky exports can not easily be gauged with accuracy in view of the complex nature of the industry it is interesting nevertheless to attempt an assessment of its impact .
while the regional value of whisky exports can not easily be gauged with accuracy in view of the complex nature of the industry it is interesting nevertheless to attempt an [evaluation] of its impact .

the University may wish to consider a review of the information about assessment and marking schemes which is provided to students .
the university may wish to consider a review of the information about [evaluation] and marking schemes which is provided to students .

Space audit — the assessment of a client 's existing premises to define their long-term space requirements .
space audit — the [evaluation] of a client 's existing premises to define their long-term space requirements .

On reflection , the catering industry may well be much better off as a result of the Government 's proposals for a self-regulatory approach , but it all depends at the end of the day on how well it gets its act together , using Hazard Analysis and Risk Assessment systems to identify the problem areas .
on reflection , the catering industry may well be much better off as a result of the government 's proposals for a self-regulatory approach , but it all depends at the end of the day on how well it gets its act together , using hazard analysis and risk [evaluation] systems to identify the problem areas .

— Links to Assessment Indicators
— links to [evaluation] indicators

Assessment Indicators
[evaluation] indicators

Assessment Indicators
[evaluation] indicators

Assessment Indicators
[evaluation] indicators

Assessment Indicators
[evaluation] indicators

Psychology Services ( supporting Placing , Assessment and Counselling Teams — PACTs )
psychology services ( supporting placing , [evaluation] and counselling teams — pacts )

However , life in such a group is not all a bed of roses ( seriously ! ) , and , for me , the downside was the leaking from ‘ certain sources ’ that the future of inference skills in assessment was far from assured .
however , life in such a group is not all a bed of roses ( seriously ! ) , and , for me , the downside was the leaking from ‘ certain sources ’ that the future of inference skills in [evaluation] was far from assured .

Many of our courses include a project in the continuous assessment element .
many of our courses include a project in the continuous [evaluation] element .

The national assessment is not competitive ; each school is assessed according to its own circumstances and locality .
the national [evaluation] is not competitive ; each school is assessed according to its own circumstances and locality .

Assessment of success to date of the ‘ Villa Policy . ’
[evaluation] of success to date of the ‘ villa policy . ’

Your agency has made application for an Urban Programme grant in the round of grant submissions for 1993/94 , and this letter is to keep you informed of progress in the assessment process for such applications .
your agency has made application for an urban programme grant in the round of grant submissions for 1993/94 , and this letter is to keep you informed of progress in the [evaluation] process for such applications .

In this regard , the Regional Council concurs with the view of the Gilmerton Gardens Appeal Reporter that the comparative landscape assessment submitted by the appellant is less than comprehensive .
in this regard , the regional council concurs with the view of the gilmerton gardens appeal reporter that the comparative landscape [evaluation] submitted by the appellant is less than comprehensive .

This has led to me setting up a very enthusiastic and committed core group which has given itself five years to complete the assessment and documentation needs to cover the Region .
this has led to me setting up a very enthusiastic and committed core group which has given itself five years to complete the [evaluation] and documentation needs to cover the region .

Assessment and Care Management
[evaluation] and care management

Stocks of the attached leaflet have almost run out and as this was always intended to be an interim in-house production we now feel we should produce a glossier version on a better quality paper in the style of the leaflets we have recently produced for Community Care and Assessment .
stocks of the attached leaflet have almost run out and as this was always intended to be an interim in-house production we now feel we should produce a glossier version on a better quality paper in the style of the leaflets we have recently produced for community care and [evaluation] .

In order to overcome this it is necessary to have a manager for a particular geographic area of the Region who would be responsible for a team of staff dealing with all aspects of Council Tax ( assessment of liability , billing , collection , recovery and enforcement , rebate and discount entitlements and exemptions ) .
in order to overcome this it is necessary to have a manager for a particular geographic area of the region who would be responsible for a team of staff dealing with all aspects of council tax ( [evaluation] of liability , billing , collection , recovery and enforcement , rebate and discount entitlements and exemptions ) .

Individual members of staff within such a team would have particular responsibilities , so that one member of staff could be responsible for discounts , other members of staff having specific responsibility for assessment and exemptions etc .
individual members of staff within such a team would have particular responsibilities , so that one member of staff could be responsible for discounts , other members of staff having specific responsibility for [evaluation] and exemptions etc .

The awarding body must also develop all the necessary delivery mechanisms , such as assessment systems , quality assurance systems , certification systems , etc .
the awarding body must also develop all the necessary delivery mechanisms , such as [evaluation] systems , quality assurance systems , certification systems , etc .

* Make and record arrangements for implementing the health and safety measures identified as necessary by the risk assessment
* make and record arrangements for implementing the health and safety measures identified as necessary by the risk [evaluation]

This was emphasised by the University 's excellent performance in the recent Research Assessment Exercise .
this was emphasised by the university 's excellent performance in the recent research [evaluation] exercise .

In the 1989–92 UK-wide assessment of the quality of academic research output , the University of Edinburgh emerged as Scotland 's leading research university , and in the top ten research universities in the whole of Britain .
in the 1989–92 uk-wide [evaluation] of the quality of academic research output , the university of edinburgh emerged as scotland 's leading research university , and in the top ten research universities in the whole of britain .

Below are realistic estimates of costs for full-board accommodation in University-controlled Halls of Residence and the private sector in an attempt to provide a realistic assessment of what you may incur in each of these accommodation sectors .
below are realistic estimates of costs for full-board accommodation in university-controlled halls of residence and the private sector in an attempt to provide a realistic [evaluation] of what you may incur in each of these accommodation sectors .

( iii ) Assessment
( iii ) [evaluation]

The normal means of assessment for the taught courses is written essay and in some cases an oral examination as well .
the normal means of [evaluation] for the taught courses is written essay and in some cases an oral examination as well .

Assessment by coursework and , for the MSc , a dissertation .
[evaluation] by coursework and , for the msc , a dissertation .

Assessment : two essays for each option , plus a dissertation .
[evaluation] : two essays for each option , plus a dissertation .

Examination is by intermittent assessment and written and oral examinations and , for the MSc , a dissertation .
examination is by intermittent [evaluation] and written and oral examinations and , for the msc , a dissertation .

The section on animal welfare includes its assessment , philosophy and legislation .
the section on animal welfare includes its [evaluation] , philosophy and legislation .

Examination is by continuous assessment and written and oral examinations , and , for the MSc , a dissertation .
examination is by continuous [evaluation] and written and oral examinations , and , for the msc , a dissertation .

Final assessment by thesis .
final [evaluation] by thesis .

Assessment for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the MTh or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma
[evaluation] for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the mth or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma

Assessment is by written essay examinations , clinical examinations and for the MSc dissertation .
[evaluation] is by written essay examinations , clinical examinations and for the msc dissertation .

Assessment is by essays ( on options ) , written examination ( on Theory and Methods course ) and dissertation .
[evaluation] is by essays ( on options ) , written examination ( on theory and methods course ) and dissertation .

Assessment for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the MTh or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma
[evaluation] for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the mth or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma

Assessment is by written examination and dissertation .
[evaluation] is by written examination and dissertation .

Assessment for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000 word dissertation for the MTh or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma
[evaluation] for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000 word dissertation for the mth or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma

Assessment is by essays ( on options ) , by written examination ( on film Theory and Criticism ) and a dissertation of not more than 15,000 words .
[evaluation] is by essays ( on options ) , by written examination ( on film theory and criticism ) and a dissertation of not more than 15,000 words .

Assessment is by essay , written examination and a dissertation .
[evaluation] is by essay , written examination and a dissertation .

Assessment : Each module is examined by a 90-minute written examination at the end of April .
[evaluation] : each module is examined by a 90-minute written examination at the end of april .

Coursework and project assessment , written examinations and dissertation .
coursework and project [evaluation] , written examinations and dissertation .

Assessment is by written essays and dissertation plus ( where required ) an oral examination .
[evaluation] is by written essays and dissertation plus ( where required ) an oral examination .

Assessment is by essays , written examinations and a dissertation .
[evaluation] is by essays , written examinations and a dissertation .

The Diploma is awarded on the basis of this assessment .
the diploma is awarded on the basis of this [evaluation] .

Assessment is by coursework ; dissertation work is carried out and supervised on the basis of individual interests .
[evaluation] is by coursework ; dissertation work is carried out and supervised on the basis of individual interests .

Assessment for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the MTh or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma .
[evaluation] for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the mth or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma .

Assessment is by thesis of between 20,000 and 30,000 words on a philosophical topic of the student 's choice , and by written examination of three 3-hour papers .
[evaluation] is by thesis of between 20,000 and 30,000 words on a philosophical topic of the student 's choice , and by written examination of three 3-hour papers .

Assessment is by six essays ( 2 in each of the 3 courses chosen ) and by dissertation .
[evaluation] is by six essays ( 2 in each of the 3 courses chosen ) and by dissertation .

There is a written examination and an assessment of the laboratory or project work .
there is a written examination and an [evaluation] of the laboratory or project work .

These two strands have an approximately equal weight in terms of student workload and contribution to the overall assessment .
these two strands have an approximately equal weight in terms of student workload and contribution to the overall [evaluation] .

Assessment is by coursework , written examinations and ( for MSc ) dissertation .
[evaluation] is by coursework , written examinations and ( for msc ) dissertation .

The course is assessed by means of clinical and written examination at the end of the first year and by assessment of a thesis based upon a research project presented after the third year .
the course is assessed by means of clinical and written examination at the end of the first year and by [evaluation] of a thesis based upon a research project presented after the third year .

Assessment for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the MTh or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma
[evaluation] for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the mth or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma

Student performance will be judged on the basis of degree examination results , thesis and continuous assessment , following current University regulations .
student performance will be judged on the basis of degree examination results , thesis and continuous [evaluation] , following current university regulations .

Coursework is by assessment and thesis .
coursework is by [evaluation] and thesis .

Coursework assessment , examination ( three written papers ) and dissertation .
coursework [evaluation] , examination ( three written papers ) and dissertation .

Assessment is by course papers and/or examination .
[evaluation] is by course papers and/or examination .

Participants specialise in practice or management.Examination is by continuous assessment and , for the MSc , a 15 000-word dissertation .
participants specialise in practice or management.examination is by continuous [evaluation] and , for the msc , a 15 000-word dissertation .

Examination is by continuous assessment and , for the MSc , a 15,000-word dissertation .
examination is by continuous [evaluation] and , for the msc , a 15,000-word dissertation .

Assessment for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the MTh or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma .
[evaluation] for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the mth or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma .

Assessment for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the MTh or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma .
[evaluation] for all coursework is by essays ; followed by a 15,000-word dissertation for the mth or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma .

Practical involvement in media assessment and production is an integral part of the course .
practical involvement in media [evaluation] and production is an integral part of the course .

Assessment is by essays , projects and 15,000-word dissertation for the MTh or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the Diploma .
[evaluation] is by essays , projects and 15,000-word dissertation for the mth or a major essay of not more than 10,000 words for the diploma .

Assessment is by essay , examination ( written and oral ) and a dissertation .
[evaluation] is by essay , examination ( written and oral ) and a dissertation .

Assessment is by essay , examination ( written and oral ) and a dissertation .
[evaluation] is by essay , examination ( written and oral ) and a dissertation .

Assessment is by essay , examination ( written and oral ) and a dissertation .
[evaluation] is by essay , examination ( written and oral ) and a dissertation .

She 'd like to meet this Parr , to make her own assessment , although she mocked herself because of her presumption .
she 'd like to meet this parr , to make her own [evaluation] , although she mocked herself because of her presumption .

At the sixth meeting members agreed that ‘ as a result of their examination of the first six courses they had established certain standards for assessment and were now able to make an objective judgment upon the courses submitted ’ .
at the sixth meeting members agreed that ‘ as a result of their examination of the first six courses they had established certain standards for [evaluation] and were now able to make an objective judgment upon the courses submitted ’ .

From the mid-1970s the Committee and its officers were engaged in a process of sponsoring debate and planning , including through such conferences as one on school experience and the assessment of practical teaching , held in York in October 1976 — a pioneer conference from which emerged a CNAA-funded research project which reported three years later .
from the mid-1970s the committee and its officers were engaged in a process of sponsoring debate and planning , including through such conferences as one on school experience and the [evaluation] of practical teaching , held in york in october 1976 — a pioneer conference from which emerged a cnaa-funded research project which reported three years later .

Methods of Assessment
methods of [evaluation]

Methods of assessment vary from department to department .
methods of [evaluation] vary from department to department .

Projects , dissertations , essays , and tutorial and practical work may all contribute to the final assessment .
projects , dissertations , essays , and tutorial and practical work may all contribute to the final [evaluation] .

In each course the method of assessment is set out at the beginning of the session .
in each course the method of [evaluation] is set out at the beginning of the session .

Yet , despite the rapid growth of these more recent subjects , history retains its traditional importance in higher education , since its social , cultural , economic and political concerns provide us with an interdisciplinary approach to problems that includes the perspectives and many of the methods of the various social sciences , yet also seeks to establish a broader , overall assessment of the issues it examines .
yet , despite the rapid growth of these more recent subjects , history retains its traditional importance in higher education , since its social , cultural , economic and political concerns provide us with an interdisciplinary approach to problems that includes the perspectives and many of the methods of the various social sciences , yet also seeks to establish a broader , overall [evaluation] of the issues it examines .

The results of work done throughout the year counts considerably towards the final assessment .
the results of work done throughout the year counts considerably towards the final [evaluation] .

Teaching is usually in the form of seminars and students will often be required to write fairly substantial essays for assessment purposes .
teaching is usually in the form of seminars and students will often be required to write fairly substantial essays for [evaluation] purposes .

Other major subjects studied in the early years include Design of Structures , Engineering Materials , Soil Mechanics and Foundations , Geology , Fluid Mechanics , Computing , Surveying , Environmental Impact Assessment and System Analysis , Resource Economics and Civil and Environmental Management .
other major subjects studied in the early years include design of structures , engineering materials , soil mechanics and foundations , geology , fluid mechanics , computing , surveying , environmental impact [evaluation] and system analysis , resource economics and civil and environmental management .

Career opportunities in environmental science are expanding , particularly in fields such as water supply , environmental impact assessment , engineering geology and pollution monitoring and control .
career opportunities in environmental science are expanding , particularly in fields such as water supply , environmental impact [evaluation] , engineering geology and pollution monitoring and control .

The science of statistics is essential to the quality revolution in industry , the assessment of new medicines , the monitoring of environmental hazards , market research , the controlling of telephone networks , the planning of educational provision and countless other aspects of modern life .
the science of statistics is essential to the quality revolution in industry , the [evaluation] of new medicines , the monitoring of environmental hazards , market research , the controlling of telephone networks , the planning of educational provision and countless other aspects of modern life .

Social Anthropology 1 presents an assessment of the contribution of the work of anthropologists to knowledge and understanding of a number of human concerns including ritual and religion , the family and marriage and the consequences of the spread of money economies and industrialisation among the populations of the Third World .
social anthropology 1 presents an [evaluation] of the contribution of the work of anthropologists to knowledge and understanding of a number of human concerns including ritual and religion , the family and marriage and the consequences of the spread of money economies and industrialisation among the populations of the third world .

They are based on an assessment of relationships between different parts of the state apparatus .
they are based on an [evaluation] of relationships between different parts of the state apparatus .

Data recording and assessment of results were carried out by a member of the unit who did not participate in endoscopic treatment or looked after the patients .
data recording and [evaluation] of results were carried out by a member of the unit who did not participate in endoscopic treatment or looked after the patients .

This decision was made based on ethical consideration despite the fact that the use of the heater probe as a rescue treatment would be a confounding variable in the assessment of the subsequent outcome ( operation or death ) .
this decision was made based on ethical consideration despite the fact that the use of the heater probe as a rescue treatment would be a confounding variable in the [evaluation] of the subsequent outcome ( operation or death ) .

Where is this useful to the gastroenterologist ? Recent publications indicate a variety of settings — the assessment of inflammatory bowel disease , detection of sepsis , and prognosis of acute pancreatitis being the most prominent .
where is this useful to the gastroenterologist ? recent publications indicate a variety of settings — the [evaluation] of inflammatory bowel disease , detection of sepsis , and prognosis of acute pancreatitis being the most prominent .

The assessment of patients with inflammatory bowel disease is often complex , requiring a combination of clinical , laboratory , and endoscopic , radiological , or scanning techniques .
the [evaluation] of patients with inflammatory bowel disease is often complex , requiring a combination of clinical , laboratory , and endoscopic , radiological , or scanning techniques .

This study is comparatively insensitive , however , for an assessment of the effect of prednisolone because of the one year interval between measurements , the small number of patients given corticosteroids , and the variable dose and duration of treatment .
this study is comparatively insensitive , however , for an [evaluation] of the effect of prednisolone because of the one year interval between measurements , the small number of patients given corticosteroids , and the variable dose and duration of treatment .

We decided before starting the study that the primary response criterion would be mean change from baseline in Leicester score ( the most comprehensive single assessment ) at 16 weeks .
we decided before starting the study that the primary response criterion would be mean change from baseline in leicester score ( the most comprehensive single [evaluation] ) at 16 weeks .

Analysis with the last available assessment did not indicate any bias resulting from withdrawals .
analysis with the last available [evaluation] did not indicate any bias resulting from withdrawals .

The subjectivity of the assessment of appropriate cry is unlikely to have compromised our results , because recovery of an appropriate cry was usually achieved earlier than a full coma score — in only 9 patients ( 4 on quinine , 5 on artemether ) would a different interpretation of normal cry have affected coma resolution time .
the subjectivity of the [evaluation] of appropriate cry is unlikely to have compromised our results , because recovery of an appropriate cry was usually achieved earlier than a full coma score — in only 9 patients ( 4 on quinine , 5 on artemether ) would a different interpretation of normal cry have affected coma resolution time .

It is impossible to make a final assessment of the Woodvilles ' contribution to the crisis .
it is impossible to make a final [evaluation] of the woodvilles ' contribution to the crisis .

After ultrasound scanning including a functional assessment , 220 ( 78 % ) patients were found to be suitable for percutaneous cholecystolithotomy .
after ultrasound scanning including a functional [evaluation] , 220 ( 78 % ) patients were found to be suitable for percutaneous cholecystolithotomy .

Selection for these techniques depended on the clinical features including patient fitness , a detailed ultrasound assessment and patient preference .
selection for these techniques depended on the clinical features including patient fitness , a detailed ultrasound [evaluation] and patient preference .

Echographic evaluation of gastric emptying by measurement of the antral vertical diameter and assessment of sensations of hunger and satiety using analogue visual scales were performed simultaneously in 12 healthy volunteers .
echographic evaluation of gastric emptying by measurement of the antral vertical diameter and [evaluation] of sensations of hunger and satiety using analogue visual scales were performed simultaneously in 12 healthy volunteers .

The effects of blood loss on liver function can lead to an unduly pessimistic assessment of liver status .
the effects of blood loss on liver function can lead to an unduly pessimistic [evaluation] of liver status .

Assessment of drug therapy was restricted to the costs of the diuretic spironolactone as this was the only drug which could be identified as having significant financial implications .
[evaluation] of drug therapy was restricted to the costs of the diuretic spironolactone as this was the only drug which could be identified as having significant financial implications .

Assessment of drug therapy was restricted to the costs of the diuretic spironolactone as this was the only drug which could be identified as having significant financial implications .
[evaluation] of drug therapy was restricted to the costs of the diuretic spironolactone as this was the only drug which could be identified as having significant financial implications .

Assessment of intestinal permeability in ulcerative colitis after the ingestion of various markers has yielded conflicting results .
[evaluation] of intestinal permeability in ulcerative colitis after the ingestion of various markers has yielded conflicting results .

It also hampers any objective assessment of the value of treatment in these patients .
it also hampers any objective [evaluation] of the value of treatment in these patients .

Dietary records of the patients treated with prednisolene were inadequate to make a valid assessment of nutritional intake .
dietary records of the patients treated with prednisolene were inadequate to make a valid [evaluation] of nutritional intake .

Although transabdominal ultrasound showed flow through the shunt , the patient died from massive variceal haemorrhage before further assessment could be undertaken .
although transabdominal ultrasound showed flow through the shunt , the patient died from massive variceal haemorrhage before further [evaluation] could be undertaken .

Follow up assessment of shunt patency has been undertaken using transabdominal ultrasound .
follow up [evaluation] of shunt patency has been undertaken using transabdominal ultrasound .

Assessment of extent , however , may be by barium enema , colonoscopy or both .
[evaluation] of extent , however , may be by barium enema , colonoscopy or both .

Incomplete measurement of growth indices has often prevented or biased retrospective assessment of such data .
incomplete measurement of growth indices has often prevented or biased retrospective [evaluation] of such data .

We suspect that departments that have developed gastric emptying test protocols have , as we have , offered a service to clinicians within the region for the assessment of patients with symptoms possibly caused by abnormalities of gastric emptying .
we suspect that departments that have developed gastric emptying test protocols have , as we have , offered a service to clinicians within the region for the [evaluation] of patients with symptoms possibly caused by abnormalities of gastric emptying .

Gastric emptying studies with a truly solid meal could be helpful in the assessment of these patients .
gastric emptying studies with a truly solid meal could be helpful in the [evaluation] of these patients .

After further assessment six patients were considered to be inappropriate referrals and were returned for surgery ( two total obstruction , one tumour invading anus , three fit for surgery and resectable by anterior resection ) .
after further [evaluation] six patients were considered to be inappropriate referrals and were returned for surgery ( two total obstruction , one tumour invading anus , three fit for surgery and resectable by anterior resection ) .

Assessment of the PhD/MPhil is by thesis and viva voce In addition candidates are expected to have published a review or preliminary research findings and contributed to research seminars .
[evaluation] of the phd/mphil is by thesis and viva voce in addition candidates are expected to have published a review or preliminary research findings and contributed to research seminars .

Intended for middle managers with at least two years ' relevant experience it is based on distance learning course and assessment materials which can be integrated with the individual 's work-place activities , thereby minimising career disruptions and maximising the benefits to employee and employer alike .
intended for middle managers with at least two years ' relevant experience it is based on distance learning course and [evaluation] materials which can be integrated with the individual 's work-place activities , thereby minimising career disruptions and maximising the benefits to employee and employer alike .

Specially developed computer based material can also be used as part of the assessment process .
specially developed computer based material can also be used as part of the [evaluation] process .

In 1513 there was opposition to a tax imposition in Yorkshire — indeed on this occasion a remission of assessment was granted on grounds of poverty , so the government seems to have been prepared to meet genuine grievances .
in 1513 there was opposition to a tax imposition in yorkshire — indeed on this occasion a remission of [evaluation] was granted on grounds of poverty , so the government seems to have been prepared to meet genuine grievances .

It is also worth remembering that an increased assessment does not necessarily reflect prosperity ; there is evidence of considerable urban decay , for example , at Coventry , despite the town 's greater tax liability .
it is also worth remembering that an increased [evaluation] does not necessarily reflect prosperity ; there is evidence of considerable urban decay , for example , at coventry , despite the town 's greater tax liability .

Papers that survive the hurdle of first peer-review at The Lancet are sent for statistical assessment .
papers that survive the hurdle of first peer-review at the lancet are sent for statistical [evaluation] .

How should we marry assessment of quality of life with assessment of conventional trial endpoints to reach a sound treatment decision ?
how should we marry [evaluation] of quality of life with [evaluation] of conventional trial endpoints to reach a sound treatment decision ?

In the Survival Study , fieldworkers at their 4-monthly home visits screened children for suspected night blindness , Bitot 's spot , or corneal abnormality , and referred affected children for further assessment by a study physician .
in the survival study , fieldworkers at their 4-monthly home visits screened children for suspected night blindness , bitot 's spot , or corneal abnormality , and referred affected children for further [evaluation] by a study physician .

Patients had a baseline assessment after at least 30 min of bed rest and a minimum of 5 min of stable oxygen saturation when breathing room air .
patients had a baseline [evaluation] after at least 30 min of bed rest and a minimum of 5 min of stable oxygen saturation when breathing room air .

After the baseline assessment , patients were randomised to receive oxygen or air ; both gases were delivered by mask at 5 L/min .
after the baseline [evaluation] , patients were randomised to receive oxygen or air ; both gases were delivered by mask at 5 l/min .

After 5 min stable oxygen saturation ( pulse oximetry ) , the assessment was repeated .
after 5 min stable oxygen saturation ( pulse oximetry ) , the [evaluation] was repeated .

Another assessment was done after 5 min stable oxygen saturation .
another [evaluation] was done after 5 min stable oxygen saturation .

They were crossed over to the opposite treatment after a fourth assessment ; patients and investigators then chose blindly the more effective gas for the dyspnoea .
they were crossed over to the opposite treatment after a fourth [evaluation] ; patients and investigators then chose blindly the more effective gas for the dyspnoea .

Results did not differ between air and the baseline assessment .
results did not differ between air and the baseline [evaluation] .

However , there should be increased use of semi-objective methods such as pictorial blood-loss assessment charts .
however , there should be increased use of semi-objective methods such as pictorial blood-loss [evaluation] charts .

Patients were admitted to an epilepsy unit for assessment , where scalp electroencephalogram and audiovisual behaviour were continually monitored during at least three typical seizures .
patients were admitted to an epilepsy unit for [evaluation] , where scalp electroencephalogram and audiovisual behaviour were continually monitored during at least three typical seizures .

27 patients ( 32 treatments ) had a clinical response assessment and 33 patients ( 36 treatments ) had day 6 or 7 CCa mesurements available to assess acute response .
27 patients ( 32 treatments ) had a clinical response [evaluation] and 33 patients ( 36 treatments ) had day 6 or 7 cca mesurements available to assess acute response .

However , once stabilised , all patients should undergo a full cardiac evaluation including assessment of left ventricular function , cardiac haemodynamics , coronary arteriography , and a comprehensive electrophysiology study .
however , once stabilised , all patients should undergo a full cardiac evaluation including [evaluation] of left ventricular function , cardiac haemodynamics , coronary arteriography , and a comprehensive electrophysiology study .

Assessment of the functional significance of coronary artery stenoses may be helped by the use of thallium perfusion scintigraphy in conjuction with exercise , dipyridamole , or adenosine stress testing .
[evaluation] of the functional significance of coronary artery stenoses may be helped by the use of thallium perfusion scintigraphy in conjuction with exercise , dipyridamole , or adenosine stress testing .

In line with this disjuncture , a persistent suggestion in all sorts of studies is to conduct sensitivity analyses to isolate those elements in any assessment that has a significant impact .
in line with this disjuncture , a persistent suggestion in all sorts of studies is to conduct sensitivity analyses to isolate those elements in any [evaluation] that has a significant impact .

To recap the method , direct taxes have a legal framework facilitating the assessment of the overall effective marginal tax rates .
to recap the method , direct taxes have a legal framework facilitating the [evaluation] of the overall effective marginal tax rates .

Advice for Recipients of Requests for Assessment
advice for recipients of requests for [evaluation]

On completion of the assessment there are only two alternatives .
on completion of the [evaluation] there are only two alternatives .

the date at which the assessment was requested
the date at which the [evaluation] was requested

the date at which the assessment was given
the date at which the [evaluation] was given

Assessment Comment ( Mandatory Input Field )
[evaluation] comment ( mandatory input field )

An assessment comment must be provided in the scrolled area .
an [evaluation] comment must be provided in the scrolled area .

This column will shown the assessment status for the corresponding user . The status will be be one of :
this column will shown the [evaluation] status for the corresponding user . the status will be be one of :

There are two pages of information concerning assessors ; one showing all the modules of which the assessor is manager , the other showing their assessment comment .
there are two pages of information concerning assessors ; one showing all the modules of which the assessor is manager , the other showing their [evaluation] comment .

The name of the user whose assessment comment you wish to view .
the name of the user whose [evaluation] comment you wish to view .

Assessment Comment ( Display Field )
[evaluation] comment ( display field )

The scrolled area will display the assessment comment provided , if any .
the scrolled area will display the [evaluation] comment provided , if any .

The first assessment was made in 1662 , but the tax proved deeply unpopular and was finally abolished in 1689 .
the first [evaluation] was made in 1662 , but the tax proved deeply unpopular and was finally abolished in 1689 .

Neither the type of activity nor size or location of the unit influences the assessment .
neither the type of activity nor size or location of the unit influences the [evaluation] .

This , Kochan points out , is where the theory fell down in its optimistically erroneous assessment of the prospects of revolution in the Western World .
this , kochan points out , is where the theory fell down in its optimistically erroneous [evaluation] of the prospects of revolution in the western world .

She is prone to pointing out to journalists that she has ugly hands ( her assessment ) , says she grew up thinking she was plain and now is so embarrassed by her appearance on screen that she never sees her films unless she 's forced to .
she is prone to pointing out to journalists that she has ugly hands ( her [evaluation] ) , says she grew up thinking she was plain and now is so embarrassed by her appearance on screen that she never sees her films unless she 's forced to .

Comparative Biochemistry of Parasitic Helminths is a challenging assessment of current ideas in the field written by acknowledged world authorities .
comparative biochemistry of parasitic helminths is a challenging [evaluation] of current ideas in the field written by acknowledged world authorities .

Taxable profits , which are calculated in a similar way to companies ' taxable profits , are treated as personal income to the sole trader , or split between partners in proportion to their share of profits in the year of assessment .
taxable profits , which are calculated in a similar way to companies ' taxable profits , are treated as personal income to the sole trader , or split between partners in proportion to their share of profits in the year of [evaluation] .

Size might be determined by `` materiality `` and assessment of risk .
size might be determined by `` materiality `` and [evaluation] of risk .

Assessment of risk involves consideration of the impact and importance of risk on the overall scheme .
[evaluation] of risk involves consideration of the impact and importance of risk on the overall scheme .

Lenders apply a number of standard techniques to the assessment of a project where an established company is the borrower , the lender will study the published accounts
lenders apply a number of standard techniques to the [evaluation] of a project where an established company is the borrower , the lender will study the published accounts

An assessment by energy analysts published in the International Atomic Energy Agency 's Bulletin Vol .
an [evaluation] by energy analysts published in the international atomic energy agency 's bulletin vol .

One of its effects had been the cancellation of examinations in most secondary schools , with instead assessment of students ' work over the year being counted towards matriculation .
one of its effects had been the cancellation of examinations in most secondary schools , with instead [evaluation] of students ' work over the year being counted towards matriculation .

He rejected the conservative assessment ( put most forcefully by military district commander Col.-Gen .
he rejected the conservative [evaluation] ( put most forcefully by military district commander col.-gen .

The delegates voted by a two-to-one majority to give an assessment of the individual political activity of each politburo member .
the delegates voted by a two-to-one majority to give an [evaluation] of the individual political activity of each politburo member .

Serbia immediately declared the proclamation illegal ( it was later supported in this assessment by the federal government and the federal Collective State Presidency ) , and the Pristina public prosecutor 's office announced that criminal charges would be brought against those Assembly deputies involved .
serbia immediately declared the proclamation illegal ( it was later supported in this [evaluation] by the federal government and the federal collective state presidency ) , and the pristina public prosecutor 's office announced that criminal charges would be brought against those assembly deputies involved .

At a meeting on Washington on Feb. 9 climatologists reached agreement for the first time on the assessment of likely climatic effects of the increased burning of fossil fuels and deforestation .
at a meeting on washington on feb. 9 climatologists reached agreement for the first time on the [evaluation] of likely climatic effects of the increased burning of fossil fuels and deforestation .

It rests on what is bound to be , to some extent , subjective assessment , as in playing a game when there are rules and communal experience to draw on , but ultimately it depends on the players ' awareness and skill .
it rests on what is bound to be , to some extent , subjective [evaluation] , as in playing a game when there are rules and communal experience to draw on , but ultimately it depends on the players ' awareness and skill .

But failure to appreciate the force of this distinction can also shipwreck attempts by observers to understand religion — to read correctly what is going on as a person performs a religious ritual or speaks religious words ( see Chapter 10 where an assessment task on this is suggested ) .
but failure to appreciate the force of this distinction can also shipwreck attempts by observers to understand religion — to read correctly what is going on as a person performs a religious ritual or speaks religious words ( see chapter 10 where an [evaluation] task on this is suggested ) .

Any assessment of the significance of the Glorious Revolution , therefore , must give due weight to the ways in which the tensions between the Church and Dissent interacted with the constitutional conflicts that shaped Restoration politics , and once we do this , the Revolution appears in a fundamentally different light .
any [evaluation] of the significance of the glorious revolution , therefore , must give due weight to the ways in which the tensions between the church and dissent interacted with the constitutional conflicts that shaped restoration politics , and once we do this , the revolution appears in a fundamentally different light .

Any confident assessment of the precise role of influence at elections , therefore , must await the publication of their findings .
any confident [evaluation] of the precise role of influence at elections , therefore , must await the publication of their findings .

Part Five , Planning and Assessment , contains detailed examples of how one might go about planning a topic based drama .
part five , planning and [evaluation] , contains detailed examples of how one might go about planning a topic based drama .

An assessment of the likely consequences for Britain if Congress rejected the loan makes interesting reading .
an [evaluation] of the likely consequences for britain if congress rejected the loan makes interesting reading .

Eden on 25 March 1955 gave the British cabinet his assessment of the international scene .
eden on 25 march 1955 gave the british cabinet his [evaluation] of the international scene .

d ) Assessment
d ) [evaluation]

4.4.4 Assessment
4.4.4 [evaluation]

Although this has been seen as a crucial error on the emperor 's part , he may not have been wrong in his assessment of his magister militum .
although this has been seen as a crucial error on the emperor 's part , he may not have been wrong in his [evaluation] of his magister militum .

This discrepancy makes any assessment of the extent of dislocation caused by the barbarian invasions extremely difficult .
this discrepancy makes any [evaluation] of the extent of dislocation caused by the barbarian invasions extremely difficult .

The basis for assessment , therefore , would have been administrative records such as tax registers , providing evidence of the value to the monarch of individual civitates , which had been the basic units of government in the later Roman Empire .
the basis for [evaluation] , therefore , would have been administrative records such as tax registers , providing evidence of the value to the monarch of individual civitates , which had been the basic units of government in the later roman empire .

Nevertheless it requires separate assessment , not least because it drew on certain areas of experience not directly dominated by the monarch .
nevertheless it requires separate [evaluation] , not least because it drew on certain areas of experience not directly dominated by the monarch .

The sixth-century episcopate can not , therefore , be seen as a body independent of royal patronage : in so far as the seventh-century evidence allows any assessment to be made , there was no dramatic change .
the sixth-century episcopate can not , therefore , be seen as a body independent of royal patronage : in so far as the seventh-century evidence allows any [evaluation] to be made , there was no dramatic change .

This chapter seeks to offer a broad description of the eurobond market ; an economic analysis of its behaviour , microstructure and reasons for location in London ; and an assessment of certain key issues relating to prospects for the eurobond market and its location in London .
this chapter seeks to offer a broad description of the eurobond market ; an economic analysis of its behaviour , microstructure and reasons for location in london ; and an [evaluation] of certain key issues relating to prospects for the eurobond market and its location in london .

This section seeks to probe more deeply the nature of London 's eurobond markets by addressing three issues ; first , linking to the previous section , a discussion of the economic factors underlying London 's role ; second , an econometric assessment of determinants of eurobond issues at a macro level ; and third , an analysis of the structure and performance of the market for primary issuance .
this section seeks to probe more deeply the nature of london 's eurobond markets by addressing three issues ; first , linking to the previous section , a discussion of the economic factors underlying london 's role ; second , an econometric [evaluation] of determinants of eurobond issues at a macro level ; and third , an analysis of the structure and performance of the market for primary issuance .

0502.21 Preliminary assessment of the disposal
0502.21 preliminary [evaluation] of the disposal

Before a marketing strategy , fee quote or detailed proposal can be considered , a preliminary assessment of the entity to be disposed of should be carried out .
before a marketing strategy , fee quote or detailed proposal can be considered , a preliminary [evaluation] of the entity to be disposed of should be carried out .

This may take place at the first meeting with the client , though for larger assignments a site visit and access to confidential material may be necessary before such an assessment can be properly made .
this may take place at the first meeting with the client , though for larger assignments a site visit and access to confidential material may be necessary before such an [evaluation] can be properly made .

Assessment of maintainable earnings ( for example , after adjusting for so called excessive shareholder directors ' remuneration )
[evaluation] of maintainable earnings ( for example , after adjusting for so called excessive shareholder directors ' remuneration )

The appropriate sale strategy will evolve from consideration the clients ' objectives and from our assessment of the valuation of the business , the degree of interest it is likely to attract , and deal structuring considerations .
the appropriate sale strategy will evolve from consideration the clients ' objectives and from our [evaluation] of the valuation of the business , the degree of interest it is likely to attract , and deal structuring considerations .

0602.21 Preliminary assessment of acquisition plans
0602.21 preliminary [evaluation] of acquisition plans

Before an acquisition strategy , fee quote or detailed proposal can be considered , a preliminary assessment of the client 's acquisition plans must be carried out .
before an acquisition strategy , fee quote or detailed proposal can be considered , a preliminary [evaluation] of the client 's acquisition plans must be carried out .

This may take place at the first meeting with the client , although for larger assignments access to confidential material may be necessary before such an assessment can be made .
this may take place at the first meeting with the client , although for larger assignments access to confidential material may be necessary before such an [evaluation] can be made .

assessment of compatibility of management styles
[evaluation] of compatibility of management styles

assessment of likelihood of an agreed deal
[evaluation] of likelihood of an agreed deal

The deal structuring stage should draw together all the information now available about the target ( including the results of the key features review and the purchaser 's assessment of possible synergies and cost savings ) with a view to establishing the most efficient structure for the proposed transaction and firming up on any price expectations already communicated to the vendors .
the deal structuring stage should draw together all the information now available about the target ( including the results of the key features review and the purchaser 's [evaluation] of possible synergies and cost savings ) with a view to establishing the most efficient structure for the proposed transaction and firming up on any price expectations already communicated to the vendors .

If the acquirer 's solicitors are to prepare the agreement , it is very important that they are fully informed as to the acquirer 's aims and concerns about the acquisition and its assessment of its bargaining position and that they discuss the draft with the acquirer before it is released to the seller .
if the acquirer 's solicitors are to prepare the agreement , it is very important that they are fully informed as to the acquirer 's aims and concerns about the acquisition and its [evaluation] of its bargaining position and that they discuss the draft with the acquirer before it is released to the seller .

the assessment of acquisition and disposal opportunities ; and
the [evaluation] of acquisition and disposal opportunities ; and

An assessment will be necessary of special liabilities arising on cessation , e.g .
an [evaluation] will be necessary of special liabilities arising on cessation , e.g .

Consider the yields derived from the properties held , together with a realistic assessment of the current market value of the portfolio
consider the yields derived from the properties held , together with a realistic [evaluation] of the current market value of the portfolio

We provide a rigourous professional assessment of the target .
we provide a rigourous professional [evaluation] of the target .

us the information solely for the purpose of the assessment of [ the business of ] Prospective Target with a view to its proposed disposal ;
us the information solely for the purpose of the [evaluation] of [ the business of ] prospective target with a view to its proposed disposal ;

to those of our partners and employees who are required in the course of ( and solely for the purpose of ) such assessment to receive and consider the information ( and we agree that any such disclosure is on the basis that such partners and employees are made aware of and accept the strict provisions of this undertaking ) ; and
to those of our partners and employees who are required in the course of ( and solely for the purpose of ) such [evaluation] to receive and consider the information ( and we agree that any such disclosure is on the basis that such partners and employees are made aware of and accept the strict provisions of this undertaking ) ; and

us the information solely for the purpose of the assessment of [ the business of ] Prospective Target with a view to its proposed disposal ;
us the information solely for the purpose of the [evaluation] of [ the business of ] prospective target with a view to its proposed disposal ;

to those of our partners and employees who are required in the course of ( and solely for the purpose of ) such assessment to receive and consider the information ( and we agree that any such disclosure is on the basis that such partners and employees are made aware of and accept the strict provisions of this undertaking ) ; and
to those of our partners and employees who are required in the course of ( and solely for the purpose of ) such [evaluation] to receive and consider the information ( and we agree that any such disclosure is on the basis that such partners and employees are made aware of and accept the strict provisions of this undertaking ) ; and

in the assessment of damages for the breach of any of the Warranties full credit shall be given for the amount by which as at Completion the value of any current assets of the Business was greater or any current liability of the Business was less than the figure at which it was stated or provided for in the Accounts ;
in the [evaluation] of damages for the breach of any of the warranties full credit shall be given for the amount by which as at completion the value of any current assets of the business was greater or any current liability of the business was less than the figure at which it was stated or provided for in the accounts ;

Curtis 's hand was reaching into his coat for his own gun , when he paused and made a rapid assessment of the situation .
curtis 's hand was reaching into his coat for his own gun , when he paused and made a rapid [evaluation] of the situation .

Railway development will be placed within a broader context with assessment being made of its impact on financial institutions , on industrial expansion , on social change , and on the economy of Scotland as a whole .
railway development will be placed within a broader context with [evaluation] being made of its impact on financial institutions , on industrial expansion , on social change , and on the economy of scotland as a whole .

This project aims to discover which environmental effects are of most concern to a variety of groups , to incorporate those environmental effects into a microcomputer model for the assessment of energy supply and demand strategies , and to make the model available to those groups with an interest in energy .
this project aims to discover which environmental effects are of most concern to a variety of groups , to incorporate those environmental effects into a microcomputer model for the [evaluation] of energy supply and demand strategies , and to make the model available to those groups with an interest in energy .

An assessment of the Data Protection Act as it affects the small business
an [evaluation] of the data protection act as it affects the small business

Competition and complementarity between systems are being stressed , together with an assessment of likely technological advances .
competition and complementarity between systems are being stressed , together with an [evaluation] of likely technological advances .

Educational assessment ; Learning processes and methods ; Employment ; Unemployment ; Labour economics ; Area studies ; Public policy and decision making ; Adult development ; Economic policy
educational [evaluation] ; learning processes and methods ; employment ; unemployment ; labour economics ; area studies ; public policy and decision making ; adult development ; economic policy

Thus crucial to any quantitative assessment of the 1992 programme are estimates of international trade elasticities .
thus crucial to any quantitative [evaluation] of the 1992 programme are estimates of international trade elasticities .

This will involve a review of existing habitat surveys , and other data sources in order to provide a basis for the selection of areas for detailed fieldwork and allow an assessment of their relevance to conservation planning .
this will involve a review of existing habitat surveys , and other data sources in order to provide a basis for the selection of areas for detailed fieldwork and allow an [evaluation] of their relevance to conservation planning .

Stage two will involve ecological assessment of land and surveys of landowners and managers within 1-3 sample areas including land of medium and high wildlife value identified during stage one .
stage two will involve ecological [evaluation] of land and surveys of landowners and managers within 1-3 sample areas including land of medium and high wildlife value identified during stage one .

The motivation for the research is the view that a complete assessment of redistribution policy needs to study not only the potential compression of income differences , but also the second , reranking , aspect , and it is on this ‘ distributional change ’ that the work focuses .
the motivation for the research is the view that a complete [evaluation] of redistribution policy needs to study not only the potential compression of income differences , but also the second , reranking , aspect , and it is on this ‘ distributional change ’ that the work focuses .

The research aims to produce a comprehensible assessment of the economic effects of different institutional structures , at both macro and micro levels .
the research aims to produce a comprehensible [evaluation] of the economic effects of different institutional structures , at both macro and micro levels .

The main focus of the work in the energy area is into the determinants of energy demand in the longer term ( including the effects of price , technical change and structural adjustment ) , the technological and economical assessment of alternative energy production systems , and the impact of new electronics related technologies on energy consumption and production .
the main focus of the work in the energy area is into the determinants of energy demand in the longer term ( including the effects of price , technical change and structural adjustment ) , the technological and economical [evaluation] of alternative energy production systems , and the impact of new electronics related technologies on energy consumption and production .

Comparative national assessment
comparative national [evaluation]

Educational assessment
educational [evaluation]

EDucational assessment
educational [evaluation]

Additionally , an assessment will be made of the problems created for Irish scientific research by the country 's small size and peripheral location .
additionally , an [evaluation] will be made of the problems created for irish scientific research by the country 's small size and peripheral location .

an assessment of relevant theoretical and methodological perspectives .
an [evaluation] of relevant theoretical and methodological perspectives .

An important issue will be the question of whether university-based and industry-based referees and committee members use different sets of evaluative criteria in the assessment of proposals for applied research .
an important issue will be the question of whether university-based and industry-based referees and committee members use different sets of evaluative criteria in the [evaluation] of proposals for applied research .

The project will provide an assessment of a particular ‘ right ’ which has significant implications for other rights to the use and enjoyment of the countryside .
the project will provide an [evaluation] of a particular ‘ right ’ which has significant implications for other rights to the use and enjoyment of the countryside .

Assessment of scope for time sociology
[evaluation] of scope for time sociology

The first is to provide a Scottish dimension to the study as a whole , allowing some assessment of the significance of historical , cultural and institutional differences , north and south of the border .
the first is to provide a scottish dimension to the study as a whole , allowing some [evaluation] of the significance of historical , cultural and institutional differences , north and south of the border .

Sufism in today 's Africa , with its saint worship and magical practices , has been presented as doomed in the path of modernisation : such an assessment is to be seriously questioned here .
sufism in today 's africa , with its saint worship and magical practices , has been presented as doomed in the path of modernisation : such an [evaluation] is to be seriously questioned here .

Educational assessment
educational [evaluation]

Educational assessment ; Educational psychology ; Developmental psychology ; Individual behaviour
educational [evaluation] ; educational psychology ; developmental psychology ; individual behaviour

Educational assessment
educational [evaluation]

Research methods ; Curriculum ; Educational assessment ; Education systems ; Higher and further education ; Employment ; Unemployment ; Area studies ; Social structure ; Social change ; Social theory ; Social history ; Adolescence ; Education policy
research methods ; curriculum ; educational [evaluation] ; education systems ; higher and further education ; employment ; unemployment ; area studies ; social structure ; social change ; social theory ; social history ; adolescence ; education policy

Educational assessment ; Learning processes and methods
educational [evaluation] ; learning processes and methods

Diagrams for development are being selected for their usefulness to both the teaching-learning process and course assessment requirements .
diagrams for development are being selected for their usefulness to both the teaching-learning process and course [evaluation] requirements .

This research will investigate the different and perhaps conflicting ways in which professional groups , parents and children view the formal assessment of children 's special educational needs under the 1981 Education Act .
this research will investigate the different and perhaps conflicting ways in which professional groups , parents and children view the formal [evaluation] of children 's special educational needs under the 1981 education act .

Primary assessment , curriculum and experience : a study of educational change
primary [evaluation] , curriculum and experience : a study of educational change

The study will also evaluate the assessment procedures in use and examine their impact on children and on the school more generally .
the study will also evaluate the [evaluation] procedures in use and examine their impact on children and on the school more generally .

Educational assessment
educational [evaluation]

Educational assessment ; Learning processes and methods ; Education and culture
educational [evaluation] ; learning processes and methods ; education and culture

Policy into practice : the internal assessment of practical skills in science
policy into practice : the internal [evaluation] of practical skills in science

National assessment in primary schools
national [evaluation] in primary schools

Since 1991 , primary schools have been required to carry out new procedures in relation to National Assessment of seven year old children at Key Stage 1 .
since 1991 , primary schools have been required to carry out new procedures in relation to national [evaluation] of seven year old children at key stage 1 .

National Assessment is one of many aspects of the Educational Reform Act which teachers are being asked to implement .
national [evaluation] is one of many aspects of the educational reform act which teachers are being asked to implement .

The 1991 White Paper on Higher Education flagged up the Government 's intention of linking quality assessment to decisions about funding Higher Education institutions .
the 1991 white paper on higher education flagged up the government 's intention of linking quality [evaluation] to decisions about funding higher education institutions .

The Scottish reforms for curriculum , assessment and national testing for 5 to 14 year olds are likely to influence teachers ' ideas about teaching and learning .
the scottish reforms for curriculum , [evaluation] and national testing for 5 to 14 year olds are likely to influence teachers ' ideas about teaching and learning .

Educational assessment
educational [evaluation]

Educational assessment ; Childhood ; Adolescence ; Ethnic and race relations
educational [evaluation] ; childhood ; adolescence ; ethnic and race relations

Likewise , the failure to account for varying degrees of personal ‘ inertia ’ may lead to an incorrect assessment of the role of unemployment in migration .
likewise , the failure to account for varying degrees of personal ‘ inertia ’ may lead to an incorrect [evaluation] of the role of unemployment in migration .

An assessment of the potential for tourist/visitor based economic development in the central and western valleys of the South Wales coalfield
an [evaluation] of the potential for tourist/visitor based economic development in the central and western valleys of the south wales coalfield

For such areas the routeways traversed to reach them are an integral part of the attraction of the resource and need to be included in assessment .
for such areas the routeways traversed to reach them are an integral part of the attraction of the resource and need to be included in [evaluation] .

Priority assessment techniques for local transport improvement projects
priority [evaluation] techniques for local transport improvement projects

comparative assessment of the case studies .
comparative [evaluation] of the case studies .

The three components will enable the assessment of wider social , economic , and environmental objectives , as well as an assessment of the impact of an individual initiative .
the three components will enable the [evaluation] of wider social , economic , and environmental objectives , as well as an [evaluation] of the impact of an individual initiative .

This research project aims to make an empirical assessment of the effects of the development , in Gateshead 's Enterprise Zone , of Britain 's first true ‘ out-of-town ’ regional shopping centre on the North American principle , together with other groups of stores outside traditional centres .
this research project aims to make an empirical [evaluation] of the effects of the development , in gateshead 's enterprise zone , of britain 's first true ‘ out-of-town ’ regional shopping centre on the north american principle , together with other groups of stores outside traditional centres .

Beijer Institute Centre for Resource Assessment and Management
beijer institute centre for resource [evaluation] and management

With this in mind the Ulster Unionist perception of British values and traditions , the empire , Ulster and southern Irish nationalists is examined and an assessment made of the compatibility of these views with British thinking on these issues .
with this in mind the ulster unionist perception of british values and traditions , the empire , ulster and southern irish nationalists is examined and an [evaluation] made of the compatibility of these views with british thinking on these issues .

The decision followed a morning assessment by her consultant Dr Peter Brunt .
the decision followed a morning [evaluation] by her consultant dr peter brunt .

’ At the crux of the matter , argues John Mann , is this problem of equating assessment with selection .
’ at the crux of the matter , argues john mann , is this problem of equating [evaluation] with selection .

‘ We deplore the manner in which the Government has ignored the united voice of the profession in respect of the composition of the Curriculum and Exams and Assessment Council , ’ stated the document , sent to the Department of Education .
‘ we deplore the manner in which the government has ignored the united voice of the profession in respect of the composition of the curriculum and exams and [evaluation] council , ’ stated the document , sent to the department of education .

His assessment would determine the time — ‘ or indeed the date ’ — of the Queen Mother 's discharge , Mr Reid said .
his [evaluation] would determine the time — ‘ or indeed the date ’ — of the queen mother 's discharge , mr reid said .

Mr Ievers said , however : ‘ There is still a considerable amount of work to be done before schools can report to parents using the levels and attainment targets used in assessment of children introduced as a pilot project only very recently .
mr ievers said , however : ‘ there is still a considerable amount of work to be done before schools can report to parents using the levels and attainment targets used in [evaluation] of children introduced as a pilot project only very recently .

The same number also believe the new curriculum and assessment changes have been detrimental to schools , with 40pc claiming education standards have fallen .
the same number also believe the new curriculum and [evaluation] changes have been detrimental to schools , with 40pc claiming education standards have fallen .

The Irish National Teachers Organisation , which organised the survey of about 500 members during the first two weeks of this month , said Education Minister Jeremy Hanley must now delay statutory assessment .
the irish national teachers organisation , which organised the survey of about 500 members during the first two weeks of this month , said education minister jeremy hanley must now delay statutory [evaluation] .

The survey , sent to the Department of Education , also showed : 94pc of schools are not ready for statutory assessment , 97pc say the assessment system is unworkable , and 97pc have not included official attainment targets in classroom schemes of work .
the survey , sent to the department of education , also showed : 94pc of schools are not ready for statutory [evaluation] , 97pc say the [evaluation] system is unworkable , and 97pc have not included official attainment targets in classroom schemes of work .

Means of Assessment
means of [evaluation]

The results of assessment will then determine whether short term objectives should be overhauled and re-stated .
the results of [evaluation] will then determine whether short term objectives should be overhauled and re-stated .

Basically this calls for an identification of present requirements and an assessment of likely requirements over the next 5 years , subject to review/upgrading in year 6 ; it may be that our letter conveyed the impression that we were asking for a ‘ 12-year plan ’ , this is not the case .
basically this calls for an identification of present requirements and an [evaluation] of likely requirements over the next 5 years , subject to review/upgrading in year 6 ; it may be that our letter conveyed the impression that we were asking for a ‘ 12-year plan ’ , this is not the case .

an assessment of relevant theories and evidence about the impact of the international order on democratic life ;
an [evaluation] of relevant theories and evidence about the impact of the international order on democratic life ;

Firstly , the development of the Anglo-American civil aviation relationship in the troubled context of the 1980s and early 1990s will be explored and some assessment of its importance for determining the character of the world 's overall aviation system will be given .
firstly , the development of the anglo-american civil aviation relationship in the troubled context of the 1980s and early 1990s will be explored and some [evaluation] of its importance for determining the character of the world 's overall aviation system will be given .

Knowledge of politicians ' attitudes will also contribute to an assessment of the scope for change in welfare state policies .
knowledge of politicians ' attitudes will also contribute to an [evaluation] of the scope for change in welfare state policies .

In describing laboratory methods he offers a clear account of the underlying scientific principles and practical techniques , followed by relevant material from case histories and objective assessment of advantages , limitations and future possibilities .
in describing laboratory methods he offers a clear account of the underlying scientific principles and practical techniques , followed by relevant material from case histories and objective [evaluation] of advantages , limitations and future possibilities .

Reflecting on what effect Ireland 's victory might have on the make up of the Lions party he was more guarded in his assessment .
reflecting on what effect ireland 's victory might have on the make up of the lions party he was more guarded in his [evaluation] .

The gloomy assessment of Derry 's chances is based on the poorest goal scoring record of any team in the top six — City have averaged less than a goal game from 28 League outings .
the gloomy [evaluation] of derry 's chances is based on the poorest goal scoring record of any team in the top six — city have averaged less than a goal game from 28 league outings .

By 1988 it became apparent that the lack of scientific software for the Altos system , together with the expenses which would have been necessary to upgrade the operating system and install new communication facilities , necessitated a through review of our computing activities , and a strategic assessment of the Garden 's computing requirements .
by 1988 it became apparent that the lack of scientific software for the altos system , together with the expenses which would have been necessary to upgrade the operating system and install new communication facilities , necessitated a through review of our computing activities , and a strategic [evaluation] of the garden 's computing requirements .

This workstation passed most assessment criteria , except for the following : — the chair should be capable of height adjustment and should provide adjustable back support ; a document holder is needed to reduce possible eye strain ; and the work surface did not allow sufficient space at the front of the keyboard .
this workstation passed most [evaluation] criteria , except for the following : — the chair should be capable of height adjustment and should provide adjustable back support ; a document holder is needed to reduce possible eye strain ; and the work surface did not allow sufficient space at the front of the keyboard .

This was a narrative which at times verged on hero-worship rather than a critical assessment , but his enthusiasm was obvious , and he had clearly researched well .
this was a narrative which at times verged on hero-worship rather than a critical [evaluation] , but his enthusiasm was obvious , and he had clearly researched well .

It is no longer enough to make a simple count of publications ; some attempt must be made to look at the informational content ( bibliographies ) , peer group assessment ( citations ) , and long-term value to the academic community ( review articles ) .
it is no longer enough to make a simple count of publications ; some attempt must be made to look at the informational content ( bibliographies ) , peer group [evaluation] ( citations ) , and long-term value to the academic community ( review articles ) .

The correlation of peer ratings with total influence exceeded the correlations with qualitative assessment or publication counts alone .
the correlation of peer ratings with total influence exceeded the correlations with qualitative [evaluation] or publication counts alone .

An objective assessment of geological database coverage by Tenopir 218 confirmed that Georef was the preferred database for searching , of the two which then currently existed .
an objective [evaluation] of geological database coverage by tenopir 218 confirmed that georef was the preferred database for searching , of the two which then currently existed .

For a paper on Scottish geology to be published in such journals is in itself a peer-group assessment of the value of that research to the scientific community .
for a paper on scottish geology to be published in such journals is in itself a peer-group [evaluation] of the value of that research to the scientific community .

If , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .
if , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal [evaluation] of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .

These officers can provide basic counselling and assessment services , and they also have the contacts to refer staff to external welfare services where professional services are needed .
these officers can provide basic counselling and [evaluation] services , and they also have the contacts to refer staff to external welfare services where professional services are needed .

We have now completed the assessment of actual workstations , but as you will be aware , many of the PCs in Garden Departments are multi-user machines .
we have now completed the [evaluation] of actual workstations , but as you will be aware , many of the pcs in garden departments are multi-user machines .

At issue were the relative weights attached to the factors and also the progression of scores within a given factor , which together determine the score for a given assessment .
at issue were the relative weights attached to the factors and also the progression of scores within a given factor , which together determine the score for a given [evaluation] .

This consisted of `` reading off `` , against the benchmarks established in the study , broad descriptions of posts ( or groups of similar posts ) to arrive at an assessment .
this consisted of `` reading off `` , against the benchmarks established in the study , broad descriptions of posts ( or groups of similar posts ) to arrive at an [evaluation] .

The beneficiarii might have been in charge of its annual assessment according to the quantity of the harvest , its collection and safe storage at some central point and its distribution to wherever it was needed .
the beneficiarii might have been in charge of its annual [evaluation] according to the quantity of the harvest , its collection and safe storage at some central point and its distribution to wherever it was needed .

It is , though , not entirely clear to what extent they were liable for tax collection and assessment .
it is , though , not entirely clear to what extent they were liable for tax collection and [evaluation] .

First , on the rateable value of the property , which was a value based on an assessment of what the property could earn if it were let out on the open market .
first , on the rateable value of the property , which was a value based on an [evaluation] of what the property could earn if it were let out on the open market .

Lenders have sometimes failed to make an adequate assessment of the credit worthiness of clients , especially as competition to lend has intensified .
lenders have sometimes failed to make an adequate [evaluation] of the credit worthiness of clients , especially as competition to lend has intensified .

The general principles just outlined apply in sale of goods , for although there are sections of the Sale of Goods Act governing the assessment of damages , those sections do little more than embody the general principles .
the general principles just outlined apply in sale of goods , for although there are sections of the sale of goods act governing the [evaluation] of damages , those sections do little more than embody the general principles .

As always , the prima facie method of assessment may be displaced and damages awarded for any loss which falls within the rules in Hadley v. Baxendale , Victoria Laundry v. Newman Industries ( above ) is an example of this .
as always , the prima facie method of [evaluation] may be displaced and damages awarded for any loss which falls within the rules in hadley v. baxendale , victoria laundry v. newman industries ( above ) is an example of this .

’ The prima facie rule in subsection ( 3 ) can be termed a ‘ capital value ’ assessment .
’ the prima facie rule in subsection ( 3 ) can be termed a ‘ capital value ’ [evaluation] .

Curious reports from France , changing hippies , tribal undergrounds , assessment of demonstrations .
curious reports from france , changing hippies , tribal undergrounds , [evaluation] of demonstrations .

There is a good monitoring system with an assessment every three months .
there is a good monitoring system with an [evaluation] every three months .

The Strategy , which is being made available to all solicitors , reflects the harsh assessment made by the Society about the future of domestic conveyancing . The Society points out that : —
the strategy , which is being made available to all solicitors , reflects the harsh [evaluation] made by the society about the future of domestic conveyancing . the society points out that : —

There will be a written test of the representatives ' knowledge of law and procedure and ability to think through a problem and formulate advice and a practical assessment of the representatives ' ability to argue their clients ' case and intervene appropriately and assertively during interview .
there will be a written test of the representatives ' knowledge of law and procedure and ability to think through a problem and formulate advice and a practical [evaluation] of the representatives ' ability to argue their clients ' case and intervene appropriately and assertively during interview .

After an assessment period , which is typically ninety days , you must decide if you wish to use the program on a more permanent basis .
after an [evaluation] period , which is typically ninety days , you must decide if you wish to use the program on a more permanent basis .

After an assessment period , which is typically ninety days , you must decide if you wish to use the program on a more permanent basis .
after an [evaluation] period , which is typically ninety days , you must decide if you wish to use the program on a more permanent basis .

The Flesch readability assessment was developed by Rudolf Flesch , and it uses a value of 50 % to represent text of average readability among average adults .
the flesch readability [evaluation] was developed by rudolf flesch , and it uses a value of 50 % to represent text of average readability among average adults .

Her assessment of him was forever being turned on its head .
her [evaluation] of him was forever being turned on its head .

contaminated land — site assessment , advice on remediation options , and recommendations for effective reclamation and restoration of all types of contaminated land ;
contaminated land — site [evaluation] , advice on remediation options , and recommendations for effective reclamation and restoration of all types of contaminated land ;

environmental assessment and audit ;
environmental [evaluation] and audit ;

Quantitative risk assessment has been employed to aid safety management decisions for many years .
quantitative risk [evaluation] has been employed to aid safety management decisions for many years .

improved safety assessment — through simulation of pipeline ruptures .
improved safety [evaluation] — through simulation of pipeline ruptures .

initial assessment of the magnitude of the contamination , using historical data ;
initial [evaluation] of the magnitude of the contamination , using historical data ;

preparation of decommissioning plan including a safety assessment — describing how all activities will be performed , assessing waste volumes , waste disposal routes , equipment and manpower requirements plus identifying key customer-contractor interfaces ;
preparation of decommissioning plan including a safety [evaluation] — describing how all activities will be performed , assessing waste volumes , waste disposal routes , equipment and manpower requirements plus identifying key customer-contractor interfaces ;

installation of a portable monitor for shot to medium-term assessment and specification ;
installation of a portable monitor for shot to medium-term [evaluation] and specification ;

Therefore , employers are now required to apply a risk assessment score to specific situations , and also to implement measures that will address the identified risks .
therefore , employers are now required to apply a risk [evaluation] score to specific situations , and also to implement measures that will address the identified risks .

That assessment was shared by Richard Barker .
that [evaluation] was shared by richard barker .

Second , the title suggests an assessment of multimedia spanning the decade , examining developments as far ahead as the year 2000 .
second , the title suggests an [evaluation] of multimedia spanning the decade , examining developments as far ahead as the year 2000 .

Our approach , therefore , focuses on essential themes in multimedia information , providing an overview of the technological environment from which it is emerging and an assessment of the key areas of application in which multi-media may become most influential .
our approach , therefore , focuses on essential themes in multimedia information , providing an overview of the technological environment from which it is emerging and an [evaluation] of the key areas of application in which multi-media may become most influential .

It is aimed primarily at the generalist reader concerned with information resources and their use , who is looking for a non-technical assessment of what multimedia is , what it does and how it may be used in a range of applications .
it is aimed primarily at the generalist reader concerned with information resources and their use , who is looking for a non-technical [evaluation] of what multimedia is , what it does and how it may be used in a range of applications .

However , it is so much woven into the fabric of multimedia , we will not focus on interactivity in itself in this study but allow it to feature implicitly throughout our assessment of multimedia design , technology and application .
however , it is so much woven into the fabric of multimedia , we will not focus on interactivity in itself in this study but allow it to feature implicitly throughout our [evaluation] of multimedia design , technology and application .

Although perhaps not strictly a technological issue , a review of multimedia 's technological environment would be incomplete without at least a broad assessment of the influence and significance of authoring tools .
although perhaps not strictly a technological issue , a review of multimedia 's technological environment would be incomplete without at least a broad [evaluation] of the influence and significance of authoring tools .

Trained as an electrical engineer , she received her PhD in applied physics from California Institute of Technology in Pasadena and moved to Washington in 1984 to become a congressional fellow at the Office of Technology Assessment .
trained as an electrical engineer , she received her phd in applied physics from california institute of technology in pasadena and moved to washington in 1984 to become a congressional fellow at the office of technology [evaluation] .

Manuscripts are selected for publication according to editorial assessment of their suitability and reports from independent referees .
manuscripts are selected for publication according to editorial [evaluation] of their suitability and reports from independent referees .

If the size of a polymer chain can be affected by its configuration , the microstructure must be well characterized before an accurate assessment of experimental data can be made .
if the size of a polymer chain can be affected by its configuration , the microstructure must be well characterized before an accurate [evaluation] of experimental data can be made .

Assessment of Risk
[evaluation] of risk

Such an initial assessment , based on the information available at the time , is the prior probability of success .
such an initial [evaluation] , based on the information available at the time , is the prior probability of success .

It also includes an assessment of the significant estimates and judgements made by the Directors in the preparation of the accounts , and of whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the Group 's circumstances , consistently applied and adequately disclosed .
it also includes an [evaluation] of the significant estimates and judgements made by the directors in the preparation of the accounts , and of whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the group 's circumstances , consistently applied and adequately disclosed .

Next to each graph was a Polaroid photograph of the boy concerned and his own brief reaction to his assessment .
next to each graph was a polaroid photograph of the boy concerned and his own brief reaction to his [evaluation] .

The impropriety was not , it is to be assumed , the expression of this arguably valid assessment of the political talents of Messrs Maudling , Butler , and Hogg , but the fact that it should have been revealed to the general public .
the impropriety was not , it is to be assumed , the expression of this arguably valid [evaluation] of the political talents of messrs maudling , butler , and hogg , but the fact that it should have been revealed to the general public .

His tax , known as a property tax , worked better because it realised that efficient assessment and collection were more important than raised levels .
his tax , known as a property tax , worked better because it realised that efficient [evaluation] and collection were more important than raised levels .

Although the land tax assessment could at times be stretched to include houses , windows , servants , hair powder , non-working horses , carriages and playing cards , and although in times of war the 10 per cent peacetime limit was pushed twice as far , there was no fundamental revaluation and in many parts of the country assessment levels were nominal .
although the land tax [evaluation] could at times be stretched to include houses , windows , servants , hair powder , non-working horses , carriages and playing cards , and although in times of war the 10 per cent peacetime limit was pushed twice as far , there was no fundamental revaluation and in many parts of the country [evaluation] levels were nominal .

They are normative because the assessment will depend in part on the value judgements adopted by the assessor .
they are normative because the [evaluation] will depend in part on the value judgements adopted by the assessor .

This year 's income may be a poor indicator of a household 's true economic spending power , and there is something to be said for basing the tax assessment on property values .
this year 's income may be a poor indicator of a household 's true economic spending power , and there is something to be said for basing the tax [evaluation] on property values .

Each firm 's private assessment of its marginal cost would coincide with society 's assessment of the social marginal cost of the resources employed .
each firm 's private [evaluation] of its marginal cost would coincide with society 's [evaluation] of the social marginal cost of the resources employed .

Each firm 's private assessment of the marginal benefit of output , namely the output price received , would coincide with society 's view of the marginal value of output to consumers .
each firm 's private [evaluation] of the marginal benefit of output , namely the output price received , would coincide with society 's view of the marginal value of output to consumers .

Assuming that the government has plenty of other policy measures at its disposal — tax incentives , subsidies to private activities , competition policy , industrial policy , and so on the key question in reaching an assessment is surely a simple one : are enterprises more efficient in the public or the private sector ?
assuming that the government has plenty of other policy measures at its disposal — tax incentives , subsidies to private activities , competition policy , industrial policy , and so on the key question in reaching an [evaluation] is surely a simple one : are enterprises more efficient in the public or the private sector ?

The one thing he could not have borne , the one thing he could not completely shut out from the fevered fringes of his mind , was the thought of the boy 's chill assessment of his father 's achievement and his friend 's .
the one thing he could not have borne , the one thing he could not completely shut out from the fevered fringes of his mind , was the thought of the boy 's chill [evaluation] of his father 's achievement and his friend 's .

One is the attack on people 's confidence in their own abilities by politically-motivated assessment systems .
one is the attack on people 's confidence in their own abilities by politically-motivated [evaluation] systems .

This kind of assessment is called formative .
this kind of [evaluation] is called formative .

And they will also know , that the more often they have to subject their students to the selective , norm-based assessment , the more some of their students will lose confidence and motivation and be reinforced in failure .
and they will also know , that the more often they have to subject their students to the selective , norm-based [evaluation] , the more some of their students will lose confidence and motivation and be reinforced in failure .

So how do you do formative assessment ?
so how do you do formative [evaluation] ?

For teachers of all topics , the world over , the problems of assessment are similar .
for teachers of all topics , the world over , the problems of [evaluation] are similar .

Sponsorship decisions that they face and must take because of their impecunity are based on a careful assessment of their impact upon their participants and their supporters .
sponsorship decisions that they face and must take because of their impecunity are based on a careful [evaluation] of their impact upon their participants and their supporters .

Again a written reply last week stated that , in the Southern health board region , it took an average of four or five months before the occupational therapist gave an assessment , but in Belfast and in the Western board 's region the delays were 11 months , with some being ’ very substantially longer ’ .
again a written reply last week stated that , in the southern health board region , it took an average of four or five months before the occupational therapist gave an [evaluation] , but in belfast and in the western board 's region the delays were 11 months , with some being ’ very substantially longer ’ .

Our friends in the Canadian High Commission and the Canadian Government are conducting their own assessment of the case .
our friends in the canadian high commission and the canadian government are conducting their own [evaluation] of the case .

The report makes a recommendation about the assessment of claims for income support , and the payment of such support .
the report makes a recommendation about the [evaluation] of claims for income support , and the payment of such support .

Opposition Members seemed to suggest that the hold-up was resources , but there are other factors , not least the fact , that , if we needed primary legislation , it would come on stream in about 1993 , when the responsibility for assessment and the decision about what to pay passes to local authorities .
opposition members seemed to suggest that the hold-up was resources , but there are other factors , not least the fact , that , if we needed primary legislation , it would come on stream in about 1993 , when the responsibility for [evaluation] and the decision about what to pay passes to local authorities .

In their response to the report , the Government have said that the Bilsthorpe project failed to achieve the support of the European Commission after an assessment by technical experts .
in their response to the report , the government have said that the bilsthorpe project failed to achieve the support of the european commission after an [evaluation] by technical experts .

Gentleman also mentioned the environmental impact assessment .
gentleman also mentioned the environmental impact [evaluation] .

The reality is that the number of single-person households in a particular district is part of the profile that is drawn in order to establish the standard spending assessment , and therefore the grant that goes to the local authority .
the reality is that the number of single-person households in a particular district is part of the profile that is drawn in order to establish the standard spending [evaluation] , and therefore the grant that goes to the local authority .

Referring to assessment and monitoring , the guidelines continue : ’ Their role in these areas of housing will be passed over to housing associations and the private sector . ’
referring to [evaluation] and monitoring , the guidelines continue : ’ their role in these areas of housing will be passed over to housing associations and the private sector . ’

Most essential of all for the future assessment of public finance , we must establish a truly independent source of economic statistics to ensure that judgments are not distorted — as they have been under this Government , by political interference in their collection or presentation .
most essential of all for the future [evaluation] of public finance , we must establish a truly independent source of economic statistics to ensure that judgments are not distorted — as they have been under this government , by political interference in their collection or presentation .

The fact that we recognise that different people in the health service will produce different answers to the same questions is manifest in the fact that different health authorities will reach different conclusions , based on their assessment of the health needs of their resident populations and of their local priorities .. They will also reach conclusions about the allocation of resources and their priority in terms of the use of resources to address the specific health needs of their local populations .
the fact that we recognise that different people in the health service will produce different answers to the same questions is manifest in the fact that different health authorities will reach different conclusions , based on their [evaluation] of the health needs of their resident populations and of their local priorities .. they will also reach conclusions about the allocation of resources and their priority in terms of the use of resources to address the specific health needs of their local populations .

The intention is that the decisions that health authorities take about the placing of contracts should reflect the views of GPs and also the health authority 's assessment of the district 's local health priorities .
the intention is that the decisions that health authorities take about the placing of contracts should reflect the views of gps and also the health authority 's [evaluation] of the district 's local health priorities .

The Bill will cover those income support claimants who have an amount for mortgage interest included in their income support assessment .
the bill will cover those income support claimants who have an amount for mortgage interest included in their income support [evaluation] .

Gentleman asked first why the assessment credit , the skill check credit , is not to be made available to unemployed people .
gentleman asked first why the [evaluation] credit , the skill check credit , is not to be made available to unemployed people .

The money is allocated to Hampshire on the normal standard spending assessment basis .
the money is allocated to hampshire on the normal standard spending [evaluation] basis .

The Universities Funding Council and the Polytechnics and Colleges Funding Council will embark jointly on a new research and assessment exercise next year .
the universities funding council and the polytechnics and colleges funding council will embark jointly on a new research and [evaluation] exercise next year .

The new research assessment exercise has been brought forward in anticipation of ending the binary line and bringing together the polytechnics and universities in one sector .
the new research [evaluation] exercise has been brought forward in anticipation of ending the binary line and bringing together the polytechnics and universities in one sector .

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland what assessment he has made of the resource implications for the health service in Scotland of the incidence of hypothermia in the winter months .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland what [evaluation] he has made of the resource implications for the health service in scotland of the incidence of hypothermia in the winter months .

That assessment is confirmed by analysis from business and independent academic organisations .
that [evaluation] is confirmed by analysis from business and independent academic organisations .

In view of his assessment of the damage that they are likely to cause to employment in this country , will he say under which article of the treaty of Rome they have been proposed ?
in view of his [evaluation] of the damage that they are likely to cause to employment in this country , will he say under which article of the treaty of rome they have been proposed ?

Friend is right , but he is characteristically modest in his assessment .
friend is right , but he is characteristically modest in his [evaluation] .

Why are the Government preventing local authorities from providing adequate services for the chronically sick and disabled ? Is the Minister aware that if the Wakefield district council social services department had to stick to its standard spending assessment it would have to save a further £3 million this year on services for the chronically sick and disabled ? Is she further aware that , like myself , each weekend many hon. Members meet many chronically sick and disabled constituents who are not receiving adequate services to enable them to lead a reasonable and respectable life ? What do the Government intend to do about that ?
why are the government preventing local authorities from providing adequate services for the chronically sick and disabled ? is the minister aware that if the wakefield district council social services department had to stick to its standard spending [evaluation] it would have to save a further £3 million this year on services for the chronically sick and disabled ? is she further aware that , like myself , each weekend many hon. members meet many chronically sick and disabled constituents who are not receiving adequate services to enable them to lead a reasonable and respectable life ? what do the government intend to do about that ?

What changes does my hon. Friend envisage in the assessment of local authority spending needs and in the distribution of Government grant under the council tax ? Is he aware that the spending assessment for Ryedale district council , which is in my constituency , is some 20 per cent . lower than that for neighbouring Hambledon , part of which is also in my constituency , even though the two districts have similar characteristics ? Does he agree that if the distribution of Government grant were seen to be fair , local residents would not only be able to assess the performance of local authorities but would begin to see that our new council tax is a far better deal than the uncosted return to the rates — or , even worse , the uncosted local income tax — proposed by the Opposition parties ?
what changes does my hon. friend envisage in the [evaluation] of local authority spending needs and in the distribution of government grant under the council tax ? is he aware that the spending [evaluation] for ryedale district council , which is in my constituency , is some 20 per cent . lower than that for neighbouring hambledon , part of which is also in my constituency , even though the two districts have similar characteristics ? does he agree that if the distribution of government grant were seen to be fair , local residents would not only be able to assess the performance of local authorities but would begin to see that our new council tax is a far better deal than the uncosted return to the rates — or , even worse , the uncosted local income tax — proposed by the opposition parties ?

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment whether he will undertake an environmental assessment of the effect of sand extraction at Druridge bay , Northumberland .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment whether he will undertake an environmental [evaluation] of the effect of sand extraction at druridge bay , northumberland .

Does the Minister recognise that the people of Wolverhampton do not regard the Secretary of State for the Environment as environmentally benign , certainly over the problems that they face with the new standard spending assessment announced in the past few days —
does the minister recognise that the people of wolverhampton do not regard the secretary of state for the environment as environmentally benign , certainly over the problems that they face with the new standard spending [evaluation] announced in the past few days —

How can the Secretary of State for the Environment be environmentally benign when he is introducing the Heseltax , as it is known in Wolverhampton , and disastrous standard spending assessment being inflicted on Wolverhampton ?
how can the secretary of state for the environment be environmentally benign when he is introducing the heseltax , as it is known in wolverhampton , and disastrous standard spending [evaluation] being inflicted on wolverhampton ?

The current review includes a detailed , technical and commercial assessment of the leading wave energy devices ranging from large offshore to shoreline systems , including Professor Salter 's duck , the National Engineering Laboratory 's breakwater device , the Bristol cylinder , Coventry polytechnic 's circular clam and other devices .
the current review includes a detailed , technical and commercial [evaluation] of the leading wave energy devices ranging from large offshore to shoreline systems , including professor salter 's duck , the national engineering laboratory 's breakwater device , the bristol cylinder , coventry polytechnic 's circular clam and other devices .

The review has covered four main areas of work — wave resource modelling , capital costing , availability assessment and economic modelling .
the review has covered four main areas of work — wave resource modelling , capital costing , availability [evaluation] and economic modelling .

In Cambridgeshire the education standard spending assessment for the current year is £225 million , 16.4 per cent .
in cambridgeshire the education standard spending [evaluation] for the current year is £225 million , 16.4 per cent .

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what assessment he has made of the implications for United Kingdom foreign policy of the outcome of the intergovernmental conference at Maastricht .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what [evaluation] he has made of the implications for united kingdom foreign policy of the outcome of the intergovernmental conference at maastricht .

If the Arbitration Commission expresses a negative view about any one of the republics , there is no collective decision to implement , and countries will be able to make their own assessment .
if the arbitration commission expresses a negative view about any one of the republics , there is no collective decision to implement , and countries will be able to make their own [evaluation] .

He will also be aware that arrangements are in place for the liquidators to aid banks in their assessment of applications made by small businesses and personal customers for alternative facilities .
he will also be aware that arrangements are in place for the liquidators to aid banks in their [evaluation] of applications made by small businesses and personal customers for alternative facilities .

To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer what assessment he has made of the likely impact of the Maastricht agreement on future inward investment into the United Kingdom . 12
to ask the chancellor of the exchequer what [evaluation] he has made of the likely impact of the maastricht agreement on future inward investment into the united kingdom . 12

To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer what assessment he has made of the likely impact of the Maastricht agreement on future inward investment into the United Kingdom .
to ask the chancellor of the exchequer what [evaluation] he has made of the likely impact of the maastricht agreement on future inward investment into the united kingdom .

On the environmental impact assessment directive , the European Commission sent a letter before action had been taken , accompanied by a personal letter .
on the environmental impact [evaluation] directive , the european commission sent a letter before action had been taken , accompanied by a personal letter .

The environmental assessment aspect is a matter for my right hon .
the environmental [evaluation] aspect is a matter for my right hon .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health what recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of community care provision for people with serious mental illness .
to ask the secretary of state for health what recent [evaluation] he has made of the adequacy of community care provision for people with serious mental illness .

The chairman of the coal board made a fair assessment of market conditions at that time .
the chairman of the coal board made a fair [evaluation] of market conditions at that time .

To ask the Secretary of State for Energy what progress the Government have made in establishing a standard assessment procedure for home energy labelling .
to ask the secretary of state for energy what progress the government have made in establishing a standard [evaluation] procedure for home energy labelling .

The Government have introduced a standard assessment procedure for rating the energy performance of homes .
the government have introduced a standard [evaluation] procedure for rating the energy performance of homes .

Daily assessment has gone on for all these years , with tests occasionally being undertaken — that is a reality .
daily [evaluation] has gone on for all these years , with tests occasionally being undertaken — that is a reality .

Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Labour-controlled Haringey council and the children , teachers and parents of Haringey on the fact that our schools came joint top in English , maths and science in the level 3 standard assessment test and top in the individual subject of science ? Does the right hon. Gentleman agree that that is a remarkable achievement , bearing in mind the fact that Haringey is an inner-London borough and has all the associated problems ? Is not he ashamed at the remarks of his predecessor and of his ministerial colleagues who have constantly criticised Haringey 's education policy and have cut its revenue support grant ? Will the right hon. Gentleman see to it that Haringey receives an increase in its revenue support grant and standard spending assessment as a result of its excellent work in educating the children at its schools ?
will the prime minister join me in congratulating labour-controlled haringey council and the children , teachers and parents of haringey on the fact that our schools came joint top in english , maths and science in the level 3 standard [evaluation] test and top in the individual subject of science ? does the right hon. gentleman agree that that is a remarkable achievement , bearing in mind the fact that haringey is an inner-london borough and has all the associated problems ? is not he ashamed at the remarks of his predecessor and of his ministerial colleagues who have constantly criticised haringey 's education policy and have cut its revenue support grant ? will the right hon. gentleman see to it that haringey receives an increase in its revenue support grant and standard spending [evaluation] as a result of its excellent work in educating the children at its schools ?

What does the Secretary of State believe to be the Russian assessment of our Trident programme and , indeed , their assessment of British public opinion on the subject ?
what does the secretary of state believe to be the russian [evaluation] of our trident programme and , indeed , their [evaluation] of british public opinion on the subject ?

In view of the assessment by a nuclear expert from the United Nations Commission that Iraq has the technology and the means to produce up to four nuclear weapons a year , is my hon. and learned Friend satisfied that the United Nations inspection procedures are adequate to prevent the manufacture of those weapons ?
in view of the [evaluation] by a nuclear expert from the united nations commission that iraq has the technology and the means to produce up to four nuclear weapons a year , is my hon. and learned friend satisfied that the united nations inspection procedures are adequate to prevent the manufacture of those weapons ?

Ours is the only Government who have as a priority in our negotiations in Brussels the provision that all subsidies should be subject to some form of environmental assessment .
ours is the only government who have as a priority in our negotiations in brussels the provision that all subsidies should be subject to some form of environmental [evaluation] .

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry what assessment he has made of the attractiveness of the United Kingdom as a location for telecommunications headquarters of internationally mobile companies .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry what [evaluation] he has made of the attractiveness of the united kingdom as a location for telecommunications headquarters of internationally mobile companies .

To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer what assessment he has made of the impact on total tax revenues of the changes in the higher rate of income tax since 1979. 10
to ask the chancellor of the exchequer what [evaluation] he has made of the impact on total tax revenues of the changes in the higher rate of income tax since 1979. 10

To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer what assessment he has made of the impact on total tax revenues of changes in the higher rate of income tax .
to ask the chancellor of the exchequer what [evaluation] he has made of the impact on total tax revenues of changes in the higher rate of income tax .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health what assessment he has made of the adequacy of the internal market as the mechanism to determine the future pattern of health services in London .
to ask the secretary of state for health what [evaluation] he has made of the adequacy of the internal market as the mechanism to determine the future pattern of health services in london .

Gentleman had listened the last time we had Home Office questions he would know perfectly well that the standard spending assessment has been set in West Yorkshire to enable it to employ police officers up to the full establishment .
gentleman had listened the last time we had home office questions he would know perfectly well that the standard spending [evaluation] has been set in west yorkshire to enable it to employ police officers up to the full establishment .

To ask the Minister for the Arts what recent assessment has been made of the effect on attendance figures of the introduction of admission charges to museums .
to ask the minister for the arts what recent [evaluation] has been made of the effect on attendance figures of the introduction of admission charges to museums .

Funding will be based on an assessment of individual departments .
funding will be based on an [evaluation] of individual departments .

Some departments in an institution will do well , while others will do less well , according to the assessment of their research quality .
some departments in an institution will do well , while others will do less well , according to the [evaluation] of their research quality .

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what assessment has been made of the adverse effect on maintaining and upgrading hospitals of the amount being spent in preparing hospital trusts .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what [evaluation] has been made of the adverse effect on maintaining and upgrading hospitals of the amount being spent in preparing hospital trusts .

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security what is his estimate of the time necessary to switch from the current system for collecting national insurance to one based on annual assessment .
to ask the secretary of state for social security what is his estimate of the time necessary to switch from the current system for collecting national insurance to one based on annual [evaluation] .

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what assessment he has made of the prospects for increased democracy in Africa .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what [evaluation] he has made of the prospects for increased democracy in africa .

All motorway and major trunk road schemes are subject to rigorous environmental assessment .
all motorway and major trunk road schemes are subject to rigorous environmental [evaluation] .

Dounreay has been attempting to fill a gap in the international market which has appeared since the United States energy department decided in 1989 to ban the import of research reactor fuel pending an environmental assessment .
dounreay has been attempting to fill a gap in the international market which has appeared since the united states energy department decided in 1989 to ban the import of research reactor fuel pending an environmental [evaluation] .

Gentleman 's attitude : were there ever a Labour Government , there would be no review of programmes and there would be no assessment of the way in which help is given to ensure that it is cost effective or of how Government resources are deployed to ensure that the taxpayer gets the best value for money .
gentleman 's attitude : were there ever a labour government , there would be no review of programmes and there would be no [evaluation] of the way in which help is given to ensure that it is cost effective or of how government resources are deployed to ensure that the taxpayer gets the best value for money .

That observation is not just my unsupported assessment ; an independent survey conducted by the Invest in Britain Bureau which was published in July showed that 96 per cent .
that observation is not just my unsupported [evaluation] ; an independent survey conducted by the invest in britain bureau which was published in july showed that 96 per cent .

Conservative Members should realise that capping is based on the standard spending assessment .
conservative members should realise that capping is based on the standard spending [evaluation] .

Many times , Labour Members have pointed out the iniquities of the standard spending assessment , which is based on irrelevant data more than 10 years old .
many times , labour members have pointed out the iniquities of the standard spending [evaluation] , which is based on irrelevant data more than 10 years old .

If the scheme is to qualify for grant aid , the benefit-cost assessment must show that the present value of all the benefits derived from the scheme exceed the present value of all the costs .
if the scheme is to qualify for grant aid , the benefit-cost [evaluation] must show that the present value of all the benefits derived from the scheme exceed the present value of all the costs .

They are supported by a very detailed environmental assessment .
they are supported by a very detailed environmental [evaluation] .

For a further improvement in our environmental legislation , in future , when consultants are hired — there are some very good environmental consultants — to produce environmental impact assessments to comply with European directives and with our new private and hybrid Bill procedures , the last word on exactly what is contained within the environmental impact assessment should not be left exclusively with the Bill 's promoters .
for a further improvement in our environmental legislation , in future , when consultants are hired — there are some very good environmental consultants — to produce environmental impact assessments to comply with european directives and with our new private and hybrid bill procedures , the last word on exactly what is contained within the environmental impact [evaluation] should not be left exclusively with the bill 's promoters .

When compulsory environmental impact statements are produced for Parliament for a private or hybrid Bill , the promoter obviously has to pay for the environmental impact assessment .
when compulsory environmental impact statements are produced for parliament for a private or hybrid bill , the promoter obviously has to pay for the environmental impact [evaluation] .

Once a Bill or a proposed measure requiring parliamentary approval enters the lists and it is realised that an environmental impact assessment must be produced , and once it is decided to commission an environmental impact assessment it becomes public property .
once a bill or a proposed measure requiring parliamentary approval enters the lists and it is realised that an environmental impact [evaluation] must be produced , and once it is decided to commission an environmental impact [evaluation] it becomes public property .

Today , in east London , the public are cheering the Environment Commissioner of the European Community , Carlo Ripa di Meana , for issuing a directive that no work should be undertaken on the channel tunnel rail link because the Government have not carried out an environmental assessment .
today , in east london , the public are cheering the environment commissioner of the european community , carlo ripa di meana , for issuing a directive that no work should be undertaken on the channel tunnel rail link because the government have not carried out an environmental [evaluation] .

Moreover , the Government 's original standard spending assessment may or may not be realistic .
moreover , the government 's original standard spending [evaluation] may or may not be realistic .

The standard spending assessment for all services in Derbyshire was set at 17 per cent .
the standard spending [evaluation] for all services in derbyshire was set at 17 per cent .

Will the Minister give us an assurance that genuine applications that are encouraged by take-up campaigns are not subjected to discrimination in terms of the length of time taken for their assessment ? Why is it that , in Greenock and Port Glasgow , genuine claims for disability benefit in respect of vibration white finger are almost always forced to an appeal ? That is disgraceful .
will the minister give us an assurance that genuine applications that are encouraged by take-up campaigns are not subjected to discrimination in terms of the length of time taken for their [evaluation] ? why is it that , in greenock and port glasgow , genuine claims for disability benefit in respect of vibration white finger are almost always forced to an appeal ? that is disgraceful .

Friend were perhaps slightly unfair to the European Community in their assessment of what it has done .
friend were perhaps slightly unfair to the european community in their [evaluation] of what it has done .

That study and other environmental studies commissioned by the Cardiff Bay development corporation and South Glamorgan county council were brought together in a detailed environmental impact assessment by Liverpool university .
that study and other environmental studies commissioned by the cardiff bay development corporation and south glamorgan county council were brought together in a detailed environmental impact [evaluation] by liverpool university .

The environmental assessment prepared for the private Bill has been updated so as to comply with the new Standing Order .
the environmental [evaluation] prepared for the private bill has been updated so as to comply with the new standing order .

The House will wish to satisfy itself that any decision to enact the Bill is taken on the basis of a full consideration of that assessment of the Bill 's environmental effects .
the house will wish to satisfy itself that any decision to enact the bill is taken on the basis of a full consideration of that [evaluation] of the bill 's environmental effects .

The other type of assessment may comply with schedule 2 to the original environmental impact assessment directive from the European Community and it does not have to be referred to the appropriate regulatory agency .
the other type of [evaluation] may comply with schedule 2 to the original environmental impact [evaluation] directive from the european community and it does not have to be referred to the appropriate regulatory agency .

The European Commissioner for the environment has said that he believes that there has been a failure to carry out a proper environmental impact assessment .
the european commissioner for the environment has said that he believes that there has been a failure to carry out a proper environmental impact [evaluation] .

The European Commission 's principal complaint is that , in order to be properly conducted , an environmental assessment should consider not only the station , but the high-speed link — the two should be considered together .
the european commission 's principal complaint is that , in order to be properly conducted , an environmental [evaluation] should consider not only the station , but the high-speed link — the two should be considered together .

The Commission is of the view that by dividing the project into two , the requirements of the directive are circumvented there will be no environmental impact assessment of the project as a whole , taking into account the direct and indirect effects of the rail link and terminal .
the commission is of the view that by dividing the project into two , the requirements of the directive are circumvented there will be no environmental impact [evaluation] of the project as a whole , taking into account the direct and indirect effects of the rail link and terminal .

The environmental impact assessment has earned the ire of the European Commissioner because it divorces the station from the link .
the environmental impact [evaluation] has earned the ire of the european commissioner because it divorces the station from the link .

But we must also recognise that the assessment which British Rail has carried out is deeply inadequate .
but we must also recognise that the [evaluation] which british rail has carried out is deeply inadequate .

Yet British Rail says that it will have to offer temporary rehousing for an extended period to many people who will be next door to the works because of the extent and nature of the noise and vibration that they will experience . How can an environmental impact assessment state that there will be no likely impact when British Rail has to admit that people will have to be temporarily rehoused ?
yet british rail says that it will have to offer temporary rehousing for an extended period to many people who will be next door to the works because of the extent and nature of the noise and vibration that they will experience . how can an environmental impact [evaluation] state that there will be no likely impact when british rail has to admit that people will have to be temporarily rehoused ?

The first principal reason for not proceeding with the Bill at this stage is that the European Commissioner rightly identified serious failures in the environmental impact assessment work which should have been carried out .
the first principal reason for not proceeding with the bill at this stage is that the european commissioner rightly identified serious failures in the environmental impact [evaluation] work which should have been carried out .

The hon. Gentleman said that he suppports the wish of the hon. Member for Islington , South and Finsbury ( Mr. Smith ) for a good environmental assessment . If such an assessment demonstrates that the site is not suitable , will he still support his hon. Friend ?
the hon. gentleman said that he suppports the wish of the hon. member for islington , south and finsbury ( mr. smith ) for a good environmental [evaluation] . if such an [evaluation] demonstrates that the site is not suitable , will he still support his hon. friend ?

The environmental assessment will be submitted along with the planning application .
the environmental [evaluation] will be submitted along with the planning application .

It is up to the people considering the planning application to deliver a judgment on the assessment .
it is up to the people considering the planning application to deliver a judgment on the [evaluation] .

Deliberately procrastinate over Trunk Road Environmental Assessment .
deliberately procrastinate over trunk road environmental [evaluation] .

The full title was ‘ The National Roads Programme : Alternative Assessment ’ .
the full title was ‘ the national roads programme : alternative [evaluation] ’ .

This , of course , assumes that individuals have enough information to assess accurately the net advantages of the exchange , and this would include an assessment of the risks associated with the contract .
this , of course , assumes that individuals have enough information to assess accurately the net advantages of the exchange , and this would include an [evaluation] of the risks associated with the contract .

Williamson 's advice to the organizational designer is to operate in a discriminating way , that is only after making a comparative assessment of the costs of using one organizational form rather than another .
williamson 's advice to the organizational designer is to operate in a discriminating way , that is only after making a comparative [evaluation] of the costs of using one organizational form rather than another .

It has conducted an assessment of the various statistical packages for the manipulation and analysis of large-scale hierarchical data sets and has applied some of this work to the dissemination of very large , government-generated data sets ( see below ) .
it has conducted an [evaluation] of the various statistical packages for the manipulation and analysis of large-scale hierarchical data sets and has applied some of this work to the dissemination of very large , government-generated data sets ( see below ) .

Reliability and allied measurements for criterion referenced assessment
reliability and allied measurements for criterion referenced [evaluation]

Dept of Assessment & Measurement
dept of [evaluation] & measurement

The assessment of the National Curriculum is an example of criterion-referenced testing , in which pupils area awarded levels from 1 to 10 on a number of ‘ Attainment Targets ’ based on present criteria known as ‘ Statements of Attainment ’ .
the [evaluation] of the national curriculum is an example of criterion-referenced testing , in which pupils area awarded levels from 1 to 10 on a number of ‘ attainment targets ’ based on present criteria known as ‘ statements of attainment ’ .

This project is an investigation of how good people are at predicting the future in terms of numerical probabilities . It is hoped to provide answers to the following questions : Are some people better at forecasting than others ? Does the relative desirability of a future event affect the assessment of a likelihood ? Does the difficulty of the prediction task and the way a prediction is made have an influence on how good predictions are ? Can we develop techniques for helping people to make better forecasts ?
this project is an investigation of how good people are at predicting the future in terms of numerical probabilities . it is hoped to provide answers to the following questions : are some people better at forecasting than others ? does the relative desirability of a future event affect the [evaluation] of a likelihood ? does the difficulty of the prediction task and the way a prediction is made have an influence on how good predictions are ? can we develop techniques for helping people to make better forecasts ?

Department of Technology Assessment and Applied Psychology
department of technology [evaluation] and applied psychology

Curriculum ; Educational assessment ; Learning processes and methods ; Teaching methods ; Schools education ; Cognitive psychology ; Developmental psychology ; Educational psychology
curriculum ; educational [evaluation] ; learning processes and methods ; teaching methods ; schools education ; cognitive psychology ; developmental psychology ; educational psychology

for assessment purposes ;
for [evaluation] purposes ;

To this end , interview and assessment data will be gathered from each of the children , their parents and teachers .
to this end , interview and [evaluation] data will be gathered from each of the children , their parents and teachers .

Well , she should n't be surprised , because it was quite an accurate assessment .
well , she should n't be surprised , because it was quite an accurate [evaluation] .

However , although subject may be the primary consideration in the assessment of relevance , it is not the only factor that determines whether a user wishes to be alerted to the existence of a document .
however , although subject may be the primary consideration in the [evaluation] of relevance , it is not the only factor that determines whether a user wishes to be alerted to the existence of a document .

Even if we disregard the sporadic use of violence against the movement , and its infiltration by spies and agents provocateurs , it is clear that it was generally considered by the controlling bodies of universities and by party politicians as an illegitimate form of political action , even though its principal aim was to extend democratic participation in one of the most important institutions ( both economically and culturally ) of modern society , and in many cases it succeeded in enlivening academic studies , as well as improving methods of teaching and assessment .
even if we disregard the sporadic use of violence against the movement , and its infiltration by spies and agents provocateurs , it is clear that it was generally considered by the controlling bodies of universities and by party politicians as an illegitimate form of political action , even though its principal aim was to extend democratic participation in one of the most important institutions ( both economically and culturally ) of modern society , and in many cases it succeeded in enlivening academic studies , as well as improving methods of teaching and [evaluation] .

Finally , there is the assessment of the results .
finally , there is the [evaluation] of the results .

’ Lisa nodded in agreement , though that assessment , she realised , was not strictly accurate .
’ lisa nodded in agreement , though that [evaluation] , she realised , was not strictly accurate .

On any reasonable assessment of motive and opportunity , Viola Machin must surely stand high .
on any reasonable [evaluation] of motive and opportunity , viola machin must surely stand high .

Analysis solely to obtain numerical assessment of the texture of a deposit is unlikely to satisfy the sedimentologist but this information may be all that is required to demonstrate to a fisheries expert the potential value of a site for the introduction of an economically important species such as Nephrops ( Scampi ) .
analysis solely to obtain numerical [evaluation] of the texture of a deposit is unlikely to satisfy the sedimentologist but this information may be all that is required to demonstrate to a fisheries expert the potential value of a site for the introduction of an economically important species such as nephrops ( scampi ) .

In assessment of the suitability of a deposit for supplying specific coarse concrete aggregates or finer mortar sands , very precise requirements are laid down by the construction industry .
in [evaluation] of the suitability of a deposit for supplying specific coarse concrete aggregates or finer mortar sands , very precise requirements are laid down by the construction industry .

In estimating the potential ‘ activity ’ of a soil it may be necessary to determine the maximum projection area of the particle surfaces of various sizes to assist in the assessment of potential cationic exchanges ; scanning electron microscopy may be necessary .
in estimating the potential ‘ activity ’ of a soil it may be necessary to determine the maximum projection area of the particle surfaces of various sizes to assist in the [evaluation] of potential cationic exchanges ; scanning electron microscopy may be necessary .

Of more importance is an assessment of the spread of particles about the average , to define the dispersion or sorting of the sediment , as represented by the breadth of the frequency curve or the shape of the cumulative frequency distribution .
of more importance is an [evaluation] of the spread of particles about the average , to define the dispersion or sorting of the sediment , as represented by the breadth of the frequency curve or the shape of the cumulative frequency distribution .

Your assessment of her character .
your [evaluation] of her character .

It held him in an interval of assessment more potent than the silence that accompanied it .
it held him in an interval of [evaluation] more potent than the silence that accompanied it .

‘ It 's only your opinion though , is n't it — only your subjective assessment ? ’
‘ it 's only your opinion though , is n't it — only your subjective [evaluation] ? ’

They were set up in close succession by the Secretary of State for Scotland to study the curriculum ( Munn ) and assessment ( Dunning ) in the third and fourth years of Scottish secondary schools ; they kept in close touch with each other throughout their deliberations ; and they presented their reports with complementary recommendations at the same time .
they were set up in close succession by the secretary of state for scotland to study the curriculum ( munn ) and [evaluation] ( dunning ) in the third and fourth years of scottish secondary schools ; they kept in close touch with each other throughout their deliberations ; and they presented their reports with complementary recommendations at the same time .

1977 Dunning — Assessment for All
1977 dunning — [evaluation] for all

The Dunning Report on assessment should be taken together with the Munn Report on curriculum ( see 1977 Munn ) .
the dunning report on [evaluation] should be taken together with the munn report on curriculum ( see 1977 munn ) .

Dunning considered the assessment of third- and fourth-year pupils of all levels of academic ability in Scottish secondary schools .
dunning considered the [evaluation] of third- and fourth-year pupils of all levels of academic ability in scottish secondary schools .

It empowered the Secretary of State to prescribe a common curriculum ( to be called the national curriculum ) for pupils of compulsory school age in maintained schools ( for details , see Chapter 10 ) , to set attainment targets for each of its constituent subjects at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , and to make arrangements for assessing how well these are met ; established a National Curriculum Council ( for England ) and a Curriculum Council for Wales to oversee the implementation and assessment of the national curriculum ; required LEAs , school governors and head teachers to ensure that the national curriculum is taught in all maintained schools .
it empowered the secretary of state to prescribe a common curriculum ( to be called the national curriculum ) for pupils of compulsory school age in maintained schools ( for details , see chapter 10 ) , to set attainment targets for each of its constituent subjects at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 , and to make arrangements for assessing how well these are met ; established a national curriculum council ( for england ) and a curriculum council for wales to oversee the implementation and [evaluation] of the national curriculum ; required leas , school governors and head teachers to ensure that the national curriculum is taught in all maintained schools .

EWOs are also involved with the families of children who have special educational needs , and in some LEAs they deliver to parents the ‘ Section 5 Letter ’ which initiates the formal assessment procedure for such children ( see Chapter 13 ) .
ewos are also involved with the families of children who have special educational needs , and in some leas they deliver to parents the ‘ section 5 letter ’ which initiates the formal [evaluation] procedure for such children ( see chapter 13 ) .

Finally , assessment arrangements are to be made , to test pupils ' actual attainments at the end of each stage in relation to the attainment targets set .
finally , [evaluation] arrangements are to be made , to test pupils ' actual attainments at the end of each stage in relation to the attainment targets set .

Thus , the Act itself establishes only a skeleton structure for the national curriculum and its assessment , empowering the Secretary of State to decide most of the substance in subsequent Orders .
thus , the act itself establishes only a skeleton structure for the national curriculum and its [evaluation] , empowering the secretary of state to decide most of the substance in subsequent orders .

To advise him or her in these decisions , the Act establishes three statutory bodies , the National Curriculum Council ( for England ) , the Curriculum Council for Wales , and the School Examinations and Assessment Council .
to advise him or her in these decisions , the act establishes three statutory bodies , the national curriculum council ( for england ) , the curriculum council for wales , and the school examinations and [evaluation] council .

During the school year 1990–1 , further developments are to take place : pupils at a new Key Stage ( 2 ) are to be introduced to the three core subjects ; a new subject ( design and technology ) is to be introduced to pupils in the first three key stages ; and for the first time , pupils ( at Key Stage 1 ) are to face assessment .
during the school year 1990–1 , further developments are to take place : pupils at a new key stage ( 2 ) are to be introduced to the three core subjects ; a new subject ( design and technology ) is to be introduced to pupils in the first three key stages ; and for the first time , pupils ( at key stage 1 ) are to face [evaluation] .

at 7,11 , 14 and 16 ) ; at the first stage , the assessment will be in the three core subjects , but at subsequent stages , it will be in all the foundation subjects .
at 7,11 , 14 and 16 ) ; at the first stage , the [evaluation] will be in the three core subjects , but at subsequent stages , it will be in all the foundation subjects .

The assessment is to be of two basic forms , first the teachers ' own judgements of their pupils , based on their work in class , and secondly , the pupils ' performances on standard assessment tasks ( SATs ) .
the [evaluation] is to be of two basic forms , first the teachers ' own judgements of their pupils , based on their work in class , and secondly , the pupils ' performances on standard [evaluation] tasks ( sats ) .

Evidently Luke 's own assessment of the problem 's urgency was somewhat different from the caller 's own .
evidently luke 's own [evaluation] of the problem 's urgency was somewhat different from the caller 's own .

But there was nothing in the least admiring in this man 's assessment of her .
but there was nothing in the least admiring in this man 's [evaluation] of her .

Brenda Denvir takes up one of the most pressing contemporary issues , that of the multiple roles of assessment in schools , by looking at the intimately-related questions of ‘ what are we assessing ?
brenda denvir takes up one of the most pressing contemporary issues , that of the multiple roles of [evaluation] in schools , by looking at the intimately-related questions of ‘ what are we assessing ?

Introduction : some examples of assessment in school mathematics
introduction : some examples of [evaluation] in school mathematics

One local education authority , which gives all children a written test in the final year of junior school ( 10+ ) , offers help from advisory teachers to those schools where many pupils achieve only low scores in the test . These examples of assessment illustrate a variety of purposes , including :
one local education authority , which gives all children a written test in the final year of junior school ( 10+ ) , offers help from advisory teachers to those schools where many pupils achieve only low scores in the test . these examples of [evaluation] illustrate a variety of purposes , including :

The term formative assessment refers to assessment which looks forward to pupils ' future learning , as opposed to summative assessment which looks back at what pupils have already achieved .
the term formative [evaluation] refers to [evaluation] which looks forward to pupils ' future learning , as opposed to summative [evaluation] which looks back at what pupils have already achieved .

Assessment for selection and evaluation is summative ; assessment to inform the teaching is formative .
[evaluation] for selection and evaluation is summative ; [evaluation] to inform the teaching is formative .

At a first glance , the information collected for summative assessment for one stage would appear identical to that of formative assessment for the next .
at a first glance , the information collected for summative [evaluation] for one stage would appear identical to that of formative [evaluation] for the next .

However , summative assessment seeks , for each pupil , to classify mathematical knowledge into what is ‘ known ’ and what is ‘ not known ’ , whereas good formative assessment attempts to focus on precisely the ‘ grey areas in between ’ that summative assessment sets out to avoid .
however , summative [evaluation] seeks , for each pupil , to classify mathematical knowledge into what is ‘ known ’ and what is ‘ not known ’ , whereas good formative [evaluation] attempts to focus on precisely the ‘ grey areas in between ’ that summative [evaluation] sets out to avoid .

Thus , the content of summative assessment is very different from that of formative assessment , and the crude distinctions usually employed in summative assessment are insufficiently precise to be useful in planning activities .
thus , the content of summative [evaluation] is very different from that of formative [evaluation] , and the crude distinctions usually employed in summative [evaluation] are insufficiently precise to be useful in planning activities .

Subsequent sections of this article explore , in turn , assessment for teaching , selection , evaluation and curriculum control .
subsequent sections of this article explore , in turn , [evaluation] for teaching , selection , evaluation and curriculum control .

Assessment for teaching
[evaluation] for teaching

Assessment for teaching involves collecting information which helps the teacher teach effectively .
[evaluation] for teaching involves collecting information which helps the teacher teach effectively .

It may involve one or more of a range of assessment activities from informal observation to oral , practical , or written procedures .
it may involve one or more of a range of [evaluation] activities from informal observation to oral , practical , or written procedures .

This deliberate gathering of detailed information for teaching is termed diagnostic assessment .
this deliberate gathering of detailed information for teaching is termed diagnostic [evaluation] .

It is a type of formative assessment , insofar as it looks ahead to future learning activities , but differs in that it usually involves the use of more specific procedures or protocols .
it is a type of formative [evaluation] , insofar as it looks ahead to future learning activities , but differs in that it usually involves the use of more specific procedures or protocols .

Diagnostic assessment will not be necessary for all pupils , at all times , but appropriate techniques should be used when more general formative assessments fail to indicate activities from which the pupil can learn .
diagnostic [evaluation] will not be necessary for all pupils , at all times , but appropriate techniques should be used when more general formative assessments fail to indicate activities from which the pupil can learn .

At times , diagnostic assessment is necessary not only for ‘ low attainers ’ , but also for ‘ high ’ or ‘ average ’ attainers .
at times , diagnostic [evaluation] is necessary not only for ‘ low attainers ’ , but also for ‘ high ’ or ‘ average ’ attainers .

Diagnostic assessment
diagnostic [evaluation]

An older term than ‘ formative assessment ’ , diagnostic assessment is a metaphor derived from the medical world .
an older term than ‘ formative [evaluation] ’ , diagnostic [evaluation] is a metaphor derived from the medical world .

Using only a small sample of children , we ( Denvir and Brown , 1986 ) developed an oral and practical diagnostic assessment to assess ‘ low attaining ’ 7–9 year olds ' understanding of number .
using only a small sample of children , we ( denvir and brown , 1986 ) developed an oral and practical diagnostic [evaluation] to assess ‘ low attaining ’ 7–9 year olds ' understanding of number .

The assessment was based on a framework which described the orders of acquisition of number concepts .
the [evaluation] was based on a framework which described the orders of acquisition of number concepts .

We identified ‘ hierarchical strands ’ , in which , for the children interviewed , the acquisition of one ability depended on the development of an earlier ability , allowing assessment of each child 's understanding of number concepts .
we identified ‘ hierarchical strands ’ , in which , for the children interviewed , the acquisition of one ability depended on the development of an earlier ability , allowing [evaluation] of each child 's understanding of number concepts .

Assessment of pupils ' understanding of certain concepts is more validly based on their use of strategies than listing which items in a written test they answer correctly or incorrectly .
[evaluation] of pupils ' understanding of certain concepts is more validly based on their use of strategies than listing which items in a written test they answer correctly or incorrectly .

There is , in most assessment activities , an assumption that once a question has been stated , then the problem perceived by the teacher becomes the pupil 's problem .
there is , in most [evaluation] activities , an assumption that once a question has been stated , then the problem perceived by the teacher becomes the pupil 's problem .

General formative assessment
general formative [evaluation]

Teachers do carry out formative assessment , sometimes deliberately , but often unconsciously selecting activities because they ‘ feel right ’ .
teachers do carry out formative [evaluation] , sometimes deliberately , but often unconsciously selecting activities because they ‘ feel right ’ .

Shiu 's assessment ( this volume ) , the ‘ Chelsea Diagnostic Mathematics Tests ’ and the written test used in the Denvir and Brown study ( 1987 ) which were discussed under the heading ‘ Diagnostic assessment ’ are all , when used without individual interviews , examples of formative assessment and carried out before teaching , because they indicate suitable starting points .
shiu 's [evaluation] ( this volume ) , the ‘ chelsea diagnostic mathematics tests ’ and the written test used in the denvir and brown study ( 1987 ) which were discussed under the heading ‘ diagnostic [evaluation] ’ are all , when used without individual interviews , examples of formative [evaluation] and carried out before teaching , because they indicate suitable starting points .

The difficulty of interpreting results of written tests , the time-consuming nature of individual interviews , and uncertainty about the task which the pupil is actually attempting to solve , have also been discussed under the heading ‘ Diagnostic assessment ’ .
the difficulty of interpreting results of written tests , the time-consuming nature of individual interviews , and uncertainty about the task which the pupil is actually attempting to solve , have also been discussed under the heading ‘ diagnostic [evaluation] ’ .

To avoid these difficulties in making formative assessments , our current curriculum development initiative , ‘ Learning Mathematics and Science through Investigative Work ’ ( Murphy and Denvir , in preparation ) , which focuses on assessment only insofar as it assists the teaching and learning process , aims to establish a rich meaning in the learning activities which are selected .
to avoid these difficulties in making formative assessments , our current curriculum development initiative , ‘ learning mathematics and science through investigative work ’ ( murphy and denvir , in preparation ) , which focuses on [evaluation] only insofar as it assists the teaching and learning process , aims to establish a rich meaning in the learning activities which are selected .

In this work , formative assessment is seen to involve collecting a range of different types of information about the children , including an awareness of :
in this work , formative [evaluation] is seen to involve collecting a range of different types of information about the children , including an awareness of :

Like other forms of assessment , this approach has some limitations : a child 's strategy may not represent the most sophisticated available .
like other forms of [evaluation] , this approach has some limitations : a child 's strategy may not represent the most sophisticated available .

This type of assessment is demanding for teachers , who need to observe pupils ' strategies carefully .
this type of [evaluation] is demanding for teachers , who need to observe pupils ' strategies carefully .

Formative assessment seeks to serve pupils ' interests by helping teachers teach more effectively .
formative [evaluation] seeks to serve pupils ' interests by helping teachers teach more effectively .

Assessment for selection
[evaluation] for selection

However , there are considerable difficulties associated with assessment for selection .
however , there are considerable difficulties associated with [evaluation] for selection .

Thirdly , there are insurmountable difficulties in ensuring equal opportunities for all pupils , regardless of gender , or socio-economic and cultural background , because all assessment tasks are bound within a particular context and culture which will inevitably favour some pupils to the detriment of others .
thirdly , there are insurmountable difficulties in ensuring equal opportunities for all pupils , regardless of gender , or socio-economic and cultural background , because all [evaluation] tasks are bound within a particular context and culture which will inevitably favour some pupils to the detriment of others .

Assessment for evaluation
[evaluation] for evaluation

There are a number of caveats which concern the validity of using the results of assessment in this way .
there are a number of caveats which concern the validity of using the results of [evaluation] in this way .

For pupils themselves , good evaluative assessment might aim to provide both summative data , describing what has been achieved , and formative data , suggesting current priorities in learning .
for pupils themselves , good evaluative [evaluation] might aim to provide both summative data , describing what has been achieved , and formative data , suggesting current priorities in learning .

Assessment for evaluation is justified on the basis that it serves the interests of the consumers of education : pupils , parents and society .
[evaluation] for evaluation is justified on the basis that it serves the interests of the consumers of education : pupils , parents and society .

Two major questions emerge in relation to assessment for evaluation .
two major questions emerge in relation to [evaluation] for evaluation .

Does the assessment and the way that results are reported accurately reflect what progress has been made ?
does the [evaluation] and the way that results are reported accurately reflect what progress has been made ?

Assessment for curriculum control
[evaluation] for curriculum control

Many people and institutions , not just the pupils themselves , are likely to be judged by pupils ' performance in assessment tasks .
many people and institutions , not just the pupils themselves , are likely to be judged by pupils ' performance in [evaluation] tasks .

The perceived advantages and disadvantages of using assessment to control the curriculum hinge on one main and two linked subsidiary issues . First :
the perceived advantages and disadvantages of using [evaluation] to control the curriculum hinge on one main and two linked subsidiary issues . first :

In the current political climate in which the government seeks to establish a national curriculum and associated assessments , many concerns are voiced about assessment in mathematics ( for example Schwarzenberger , 1987 ; Denvir , Brown and Eve , 1987 ) .
in the current political climate in which the government seeks to establish a national curriculum and associated assessments , many concerns are voiced about [evaluation] in mathematics ( for example schwarzenberger , 1987 ; denvir , brown and eve , 1987 ) .

What is the purpose of the assessment ?
what is the purpose of the [evaluation] ?

In contrast , formative assessment will encourage a very different teaching approach , one in which pupils will be encouraged to find their own solutions instead of having to learn ready-made rules .
in contrast , formative [evaluation] will encourage a very different teaching approach , one in which pupils will be encouraged to find their own solutions instead of having to learn ready-made rules .

It is vitally important , if we are to improve the mathematical attainment of our society , that the educational purposes of formative and diagnostic assessment , which seek to improve the teaching , take precedence over the monitoring and evaluative purposes , which at best merely seek to describe .
it is vitally important , if we are to improve the mathematical attainment of our society , that the educational purposes of formative and diagnostic [evaluation] , which seek to improve the teaching , take precedence over the monitoring and evaluative purposes , which at best merely seek to describe .

showing expenditure and assessment breakdowns clearly
showing expenditure and [evaluation] breakdowns clearly

Michelle Stanworth provides a pertinent example of this process at work with regard to pupils ' assessment of their own competence .
michelle stanworth provides a pertinent example of this process at work with regard to pupils ' [evaluation] of their own competence .

Assessment and Examination in Arts Education : Teachers Talking
[evaluation] and examination in arts education : teachers talking

It is a generally held perception that formal assessment has hindered and distorted work in the secondary classroom through laying too much emphasis on what is easily examinable , regardless of its relevance as musical experience .
it is a generally held perception that formal [evaluation] has hindered and distorted work in the secondary classroom through laying too much emphasis on what is easily examinable , regardless of its relevance as musical experience .

Before embarking upon a review of some of the findings from my survey , the scene needs to be set with a brief summary of the main arguments and counter-arguments concerning assessment .
before embarking upon a review of some of the findings from my survey , the scene needs to be set with a brief summary of the main arguments and counter-arguments concerning [evaluation] .

Research over the past few years has led me to observe elsewhere ( Cartwright , 1984 ) that in education in general — and arts education is no different in this respect — assessment comes in all forms and guises , and that the type of assessment practised is dependent upon the reasons for its use .
research over the past few years has led me to observe elsewhere ( cartwright , 1984 ) that in education in general — and arts education is no different in this respect — [evaluation] comes in all forms and guises , and that the type of [evaluation] practised is dependent upon the reasons for its use .

Furthermore , the relationship between the method used and its purpose form a kind of continuum from this ‘ soft ’ end of formative assessment to the ‘ hard ’ summative end which is characterized by external examinations .
furthermore , the relationship between the method used and its purpose form a kind of continuum from this ‘ soft ’ end of formative [evaluation] to the ‘ hard ’ summative end which is characterized by external examinations .

The fact , therefore , that much of art education is concerned with a direct pupil/teacher interaction , in which informal discussions about problems , and their possible resolution , establishes a crucial but essentially informal kind of diagnostic assessment , means that many art teachers view any externally imposed structure upon this process as not only irrelevant , but potentially damaging to that very quality of personal involvement and development that characterizes good work .
the fact , therefore , that much of art education is concerned with a direct pupil/teacher interaction , in which informal discussions about problems , and their possible resolution , establishes a crucial but essentially informal kind of diagnostic [evaluation] , means that many art teachers view any externally imposed structure upon this process as not only irrelevant , but potentially damaging to that very quality of personal involvement and development that characterizes good work .

One of the major criticisms , therefore , that arts teachers have advanced against formal systems of assessment , whether for internal or external purposes , appears as Goodman ( 1981 ) observes , to rest on the argument that the majority of assessment techniques used in education are inappropriate or inadequate for use in the aesthetic area , since they invariably tend to emphasize mathematical and statistical forms of measurement .
one of the major criticisms , therefore , that arts teachers have advanced against formal systems of [evaluation] , whether for internal or external purposes , appears as goodman ( 1981 ) observes , to rest on the argument that the majority of [evaluation] techniques used in education are inappropriate or inadequate for use in the aesthetic area , since they invariably tend to emphasize mathematical and statistical forms of measurement .

Attempts to make the arts accountable by submitting them to forms of assessment which properly belong elsewhere may actually make them appear wanting by looking for inappropriate forms of proof .
attempts to make the arts accountable by submitting them to forms of [evaluation] which properly belong elsewhere may actually make them appear wanting by looking for inappropriate forms of proof .

The use of inappropriate forms of assessment to grade and rank-order pupils ' work for the purpose of making comparisons or to achieve so-called ‘ unified standards ’ is illustrated by the worst abuses of norm-referencing , which has been roundly and justifiably criticized by many writers , even in those areas of the curriculum where one might expect this system to be welcomed .
the use of inappropriate forms of [evaluation] to grade and rank-order pupils ' work for the purpose of making comparisons or to achieve so-called ‘ unified standards ’ is illustrated by the worst abuses of norm-referencing , which has been roundly and justifiably criticized by many writers , even in those areas of the curriculum where one might expect this system to be welcomed .

Unfortunately the dividing line between norm and criterion-referencing is far less distinct than it would appear , since the establishing of standards of performance used for assessment criteria must by definition imply the use of some form of yardstick or norm .
unfortunately the dividing line between norm and criterion-referencing is far less distinct than it would appear , since the establishing of standards of performance used for [evaluation] criteria must by definition imply the use of some form of yardstick or norm .

In contrast , others have set about finding solutions to the dilemma caused by assessment and examinations in the arts .
in contrast , others have set about finding solutions to the dilemma caused by [evaluation] and examinations in the arts .

Similarly , Allison has come out strongly in favour of assessment , as the following demonstrates :
similarly , allison has come out strongly in favour of [evaluation] , as the following demonstrates :

But Allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing assessment techniques with the aid of students in his department . What is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework Allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :
but allison has gone further than just stating the theoretical arguments for the process , he has already begun to explore the actual practicalities of implementing [evaluation] techniques with the aid of students in his department . what is particularly interesting about these experiments is that they are all based upon the theoretical and philosophical framework allison has devised , in which he has identified four ‘ interactive and interdependent ’ domains :

Where the issue of assessment and examining in the arts becomes problematical is in those instances where the justification can be seen to be overtly influenced by external factors .
where the issue of [evaluation] and examining in the arts becomes problematical is in those instances where the justification can be seen to be overtly influenced by external factors .

The majority of the discussion so far has been concerned with the assessment of children 's artistic rather than their aesthetic development .
the majority of the discussion so far has been concerned with the [evaluation] of children 's artistic rather than their aesthetic development .

Having a policy for aesthetic education means making a coherent statement about the nature and scope of aesthetic experience , about the school 's provision for aesthetic development and including an account of the criteria by which student progress will be measured . However , given his previous remarks , and his other writings , we can be sure that Ross means something very different from the conventional approach to assessment , more along the lines of a ‘ collective celebration ’ ( 1986 )
having a policy for aesthetic education means making a coherent statement about the nature and scope of aesthetic experience , about the school 's provision for aesthetic development and including an account of the criteria by which student progress will be measured . however , given his previous remarks , and his other writings , we can be sure that ross means something very different from the conventional approach to [evaluation] , more along the lines of a ‘ collective celebration ’ ( 1986 )

My research project , carried out during the spring term 1987 consisted of a survey of the attitude , and approach to assessment and examinations in the art , music and drama departments of four neighbouring secondary schools in the Midlands .
my research project , carried out during the spring term 1987 consisted of a survey of the attitude , and approach to [evaluation] and examinations in the art , music and drama departments of four neighbouring secondary schools in the midlands .

It took the form of a combination of taped , structured interviews with members of the arts departments in each school , together with at least one representative from the senior management of each school These interviews were transcribed and cross-referenced with documentary evidence in the form of observations of actual teaching , departmental syllabuses and other written material that either the departments or the schools were able to provide ( for example , school handbooks ; curriculum statements ; assessment policies ; etc . )
it took the form of a combination of taped , structured interviews with members of the arts departments in each school , together with at least one representative from the senior management of each school these interviews were transcribed and cross-referenced with documentary evidence in the form of observations of actual teaching , departmental syllabuses and other written material that either the departments or the schools were able to provide ( for example , school handbooks ; curriculum statements ; [evaluation] policies ; etc . )

Before exploring some of the attitudes held towards the issue of assessment by the arts teachers interviewed , it might help to look at the philosophies being advanced by them towards the teaching of their respective specialisms .
before exploring some of the attitudes held towards the issue of [evaluation] by the arts teachers interviewed , it might help to look at the philosophies being advanced by them towards the teaching of their respective specialisms .

At the end of each six week period we have an assessment session whereby they have to do a ‘ performance ’ to everybody else in that year , so the music can see what the dance has done … etc .
at the end of each six week period we have an [evaluation] session whereby they have to do a ‘ performance ’ to everybody else in that year , so the music can see what the dance has done … etc .

There is noticeably less agreement when we move on to the topic of why , how and when assessment in these areas should take place .
there is noticeably less agreement when we move on to the topic of why , how and when [evaluation] in these areas should take place .

In addition , as with music , the improvisation and performance side is mostly a group activity , and therefore this brings a different emphasis to the assessment of individual contributions , as well as posing its own particular problems .
in addition , as with music , the improvisation and performance side is mostly a group activity , and therefore this brings a different emphasis to the [evaluation] of individual contributions , as well as posing its own particular problems .

The picture of pupil participation in the assessment process was less obvious in the other two art departments visited .
the picture of pupil participation in the [evaluation] process was less obvious in the other two art departments visited .

In St. George 's there seemed to be a fair amount of disparity between the assessment approaches of different members of the department .
in st. george 's there seemed to be a fair amount of disparity between the [evaluation] approaches of different members of the department .

He runs about four or five different marking and assessment books … he 's assessing all the time .
he runs about four or five different marking and [evaluation] books … he 's assessing all the time .

What is disturbing , apart from the underlying assumptions that this kind of assessment for streaming are based upon , and the pressure for all departments to conform to a normative style of assessment , is that in the end the decisions over which pupils should be moved up or down is based upon a very limited range of subjects which do not include art or music . An even more disturbing consequence of this process is revealed in remarks made by the other art teacher interviewed :
what is disturbing , apart from the underlying assumptions that this kind of [evaluation] for streaming are based upon , and the pressure for all departments to conform to a normative style of [evaluation] , is that in the end the decisions over which pupils should be moved up or down is based upon a very limited range of subjects which do not include art or music . an even more disturbing consequence of this process is revealed in remarks made by the other art teacher interviewed :

In other departments the approach to assessment was deliberately kept as informal and flexible as possible , as in the following extended quotation from the Head of Drama at ‘ Pope John Paul ’ , which illustrates that this type of apparent informality can be just as thorough and searching , if not more so , than many supposedly more objective methods :
in other departments the approach to [evaluation] was deliberately kept as informal and flexible as possible , as in the following extended quotation from the head of drama at ‘ pope john paul ’ , which illustrates that this type of apparent informality can be just as thorough and searching , if not more so , than many supposedly more objective methods :

Our assessment has always been , and continues to be , of a very … complex kind , because what is happening is that people are getting feedback from us all by working with us .
our [evaluation] has always been , and continues to be , of a very … complex kind , because what is happening is that people are getting feedback from us all by working with us .

The person who is out in the front teaching the class , or directing the piece of work they 're doing , they do , and everybody in it does … the kind of work we do is to do with a group of people … getting into a drama studio , and you know the set-up here ; there 's no uniform , there 's no ‘ Sir ’ or ‘ Miss ’ , it 's all Christian names , and that means that the holds are broken down a lot , so what is done in the end is to produce work which we hope makes statements which come from the pre-occupations , the beliefs , the honestly held beliefs of the people involved , whether they 're working from a text , an interpretation of a text , or whether they 're working from improvisation , doing their own work … so they get constant assessment from that .
the person who is out in the front teaching the class , or directing the piece of work they 're doing , they do , and everybody in it does … the kind of work we do is to do with a group of people … getting into a drama studio , and you know the set-up here ; there 's no uniform , there 's no ‘ sir ’ or ‘ miss ’ , it 's all christian names , and that means that the holds are broken down a lot , so what is done in the end is to produce work which we hope makes statements which come from the pre-occupations , the beliefs , the honestly held beliefs of the people involved , whether they 're working from a text , an interpretation of a text , or whether they 're working from improvisation , doing their own work … so they get constant [evaluation] from that .

What is particularly significant about this passage is the strength of conviction the teacher demonstrates that this kind of informal assessment is right because it provides the maximum amount of feedback to all concerned , and furthermore is an integral part of the learning process , and not , as so often happens , an adjunct to it .
what is particularly significant about this passage is the strength of conviction the teacher demonstrates that this kind of informal [evaluation] is right because it provides the maximum amount of feedback to all concerned , and furthermore is an integral part of the learning process , and not , as so often happens , an adjunct to it .

By far the most wide-ranging changes will undoubtedly occur as a result of the new Education Reform Act , and in particular those sections that refer to the establishment of the National Curriculum , together with its statutory requirements on assessment and testing .
by far the most wide-ranging changes will undoubtedly occur as a result of the new education reform act , and in particular those sections that refer to the establishment of the national curriculum , together with its statutory requirements on [evaluation] and testing .

These should be examined for early features , such as architectural fragments incorporated into them , and an assessment made of their original date , any changes through time , and former uses .
these should be examined for early features , such as architectural fragments incorporated into them , and an [evaluation] made of their original date , any changes through time , and former uses .

Looking in detail at the fiscal assessment of the settlement around 1200 , she came to the conclusion that the village was originally planned between 1066 and 1086 , when it consisted of 16 crofts , eight on each side of the village street .
looking in detail at the fiscal [evaluation] of the settlement around 1200 , she came to the conclusion that the village was originally planned between 1066 and 1086 , when it consisted of 16 crofts , eight on each side of the village street .

Discussing the use of the 18-foot ( 5.5 metre ) perch for measuring plots , the fiscal assessment in Domesday Book and the 1284 Kirby 's Quest knights ' fees , she examined in detail the plans of Hemingborough , Thornton le Beans and Upper Poppleton , and showed that the plans of these and other villages seem co be related to early feudal arrangements .
discussing the use of the 18-foot ( 5.5 metre ) perch for measuring plots , the fiscal [evaluation] in domesday book and the 1284 kirby 's quest knights ' fees , she examined in detail the plans of hemingborough , thornton le beans and upper poppleton , and showed that the plans of these and other villages seem co be related to early feudal arrangements .

This , together with an appreciation of the steeper slopes , soil erosion and the local changes in level and aspect , make for a finer assessment of the subtler aspects which may have been of great significance to the original selector 's choice of site for the particular settlement under study .
this , together with an appreciation of the steeper slopes , soil erosion and the local changes in level and aspect , make for a finer [evaluation] of the subtler aspects which may have been of great significance to the original selector 's choice of site for the particular settlement under study .

Firstly , before documents are available which give a general comparison and assessment at one date across an area ( like Domesday Book or a medieval Lay Subsidy ) it is very difficult to know whether all the sites we are comparing as part of our settlement pattern are contemporary .
firstly , before documents are available which give a general comparison and [evaluation] at one date across an area ( like domesday book or a medieval lay subsidy ) it is very difficult to know whether all the sites we are comparing as part of our settlement pattern are contemporary .

Given the fundamental importance of demography for any assessment of a pre-industrial economy , it is not surprising that economic historians have pressed the surveys into service ( historians of medieval England have done the same sort of thing with Domesday Book ) as sources of demographic data .
given the fundamental importance of demography for any [evaluation] of a pre-industrial economy , it is not surprising that economic historians have pressed the surveys into service ( historians of medieval england have done the same sort of thing with domesday book ) as sources of demographic data .

Helping governors and parents to see how well a school is doing and explaining or defending the school has now taken on another dimension : comparisons with other schools leads to one set of questions while the extent to which the school is organized in accordance with the national curriculum and within the national framework of pupil assessment leads to different , inward-looking enquiries .
helping governors and parents to see how well a school is doing and explaining or defending the school has now taken on another dimension : comparisons with other schools leads to one set of questions while the extent to which the school is organized in accordance with the national curriculum and within the national framework of pupil [evaluation] leads to different , inward-looking enquiries .

Preparation for the latter may be regarded as a matter of self-training : it needs a comprehensive and co-ordinated approach to all aspects of planning , one which covers curriculum and assessment , teaching , management and organization , finance and resources .
preparation for the latter may be regarded as a matter of self-training : it needs a comprehensive and co-ordinated approach to all aspects of planning , one which covers curriculum and [evaluation] , teaching , management and organization , finance and resources .

These suggested changes in organization , assessment and teaching and recognized the key role of teachers .
these suggested changes in organization , [evaluation] and teaching and recognized the key role of teachers .

By contrast , how is the primary school to manage what it is that passes to the secondary school ? If this were a simple and one-way movement , the answer would lie in ensuring that the record of achievement is up to date and intelligible , that assessment records are accurate and that the pastoral record , if any , is both just and constructive .
by contrast , how is the primary school to manage what it is that passes to the secondary school ? if this were a simple and one-way movement , the answer would lie in ensuring that the record of achievement is up to date and intelligible , that [evaluation] records are accurate and that the pastoral record , if any , is both just and constructive .

If the national curriculum and the process of assessment is intended to work through from Stage One at the age of 5-7 to Stage Four at the age of 14 – 16 , there can be no reason for the primary and secondary phase of schooling to be in ignorance of each other .
if the national curriculum and the process of [evaluation] is intended to work through from stage one at the age of 5-7 to stage four at the age of 14 – 16 , there can be no reason for the primary and secondary phase of schooling to be in ignorance of each other .

Such problems of internal management as may arise are likely to come from unfamiliarity on the part of individual teachers with the changing requirements of examinations and assessment .
such problems of internal management as may arise are likely to come from unfamiliarity on the part of individual teachers with the changing requirements of examinations and [evaluation] .

This is because it is only the school and its daily managers who can assess what it can afford — and what it has to afford — to do in terms of staff time and money and because it is the school which has , in the end , to initiate any assessment of the type of community assistance which will provide its partners with the benefits they seek .
this is because it is only the school and its daily managers who can assess what it can afford — and what it has to afford — to do in terms of staff time and money and because it is the school which has , in the end , to initiate any [evaluation] of the type of community assistance which will provide its partners with the benefits they seek .

Second , the connection between the national curriculum and assessment at Key Stages Two and Three ought to show an understandable link not only with work at Key Stage Four but also with the examinations and qualifications which are either directly relevant to the final stage of compulsory schooling or into which work at that level immediately leads .
second , the connection between the national curriculum and [evaluation] at key stages two and three ought to show an understandable link not only with work at key stage four but also with the examinations and qualifications which are either directly relevant to the final stage of compulsory schooling or into which work at that level immediately leads .

In place of an external adviser drawn from the careers service , the primary school draws on the build-up of a pupil 's capacities and potential as assessed by teachers in the traditional way and by the national system of assessment at two stages .
in place of an external adviser drawn from the careers service , the primary school draws on the build-up of a pupil 's capacities and potential as assessed by teachers in the traditional way and by the national system of [evaluation] at two stages .

The secondary school can rely on further stages of national assessment together with recourse to a record of achievement which has to be provided for every pupil at the age of 16 .
the secondary school can rely on further stages of national [evaluation] together with recourse to a record of achievement which has to be provided for every pupil at the age of 16 .

And it is significant that , in the Association for Science Education , an introductory report ( Billings 1989 ) drew attention to the particular importance , in the framework of new vocational qualifications , of the assessment of prior learning , an importance further underlined by Slusarchuk & Nicholl ( 1990:112 ) .
and it is significant that , in the association for science education , an introductory report ( billings 1989 ) drew attention to the particular importance , in the framework of new vocational qualifications , of the [evaluation] of prior learning , an importance further underlined by slusarchuk & nicholl ( 1990:112 ) .

The point at which the national curriculum begins to matter is the age of 5 : assessment at each successive stage should in some way affect the ambitions and choices at each age .
the point at which the national curriculum begins to matter is the age of 5 : [evaluation] at each successive stage should in some way affect the ambitions and choices at each age .

As the scheme of national assessment develops , the less crucial will earlier stages seem to become .
as the scheme of national [evaluation] develops , the less crucial will earlier stages seem to become .

This preoccupation with assessment was regarded both as demoralizing and excessively demanding on teachers ' time in 1989 , 1990 and 1991 .
this preoccupation with [evaluation] was regarded both as demoralizing and excessively demanding on teachers ' time in 1989 , 1990 and 1991 .

In the spring of 1990 particularly , trial runs of the assessment of 7-year-olds led to revelations about strain and frustration which led central government considerably to reduce its demands .
in the spring of 1990 particularly , trial runs of the [evaluation] of 7-year-olds led to revelations about strain and frustration which led central government considerably to reduce its demands .

This led to sharp antagonism towards the full launch of assessment at 7 in 1991 .
this led to sharp antagonism towards the full launch of [evaluation] at 7 in 1991 .

In July of that year the Prime Minister indicated that in future assessment at 7 would become simpler .
in july of that year the prime minister indicated that in future [evaluation] at 7 would become simpler .

In December it was confirmed that the assessment would be confined to paper and pencil tests taken by whole classes of children .
in december it was confirmed that the [evaluation] would be confined to paper and pencil tests taken by whole classes of children .

At the secondary-school stage , anxiety about assessment at the age of 14 and 16 years again led to an alteration in government requirements .
at the secondary-school stage , anxiety about [evaluation] at the age of 14 and 16 years again led to an alteration in government requirements .

Although the need for one organization of policy-making for curriculum and examinations had been recognized as long ago as the mid-1960s ( through the establishment of the Schools Council ) , it had been abandoned in the early 1980s in favour of centralized curriculum-making and a blanket acceptance that the assessment of individual pupils ' achievement would lead to greater improvements in the system than the development of logically connected public examinations and national qualifications .
although the need for one organization of policy-making for curriculum and examinations had been recognized as long ago as the mid-1960s ( through the establishment of the schools council ) , it had been abandoned in the early 1980s in favour of centralized curriculum-making and a blanket acceptance that the [evaluation] of individual pupils ' achievement would lead to greater improvements in the system than the development of logically connected public examinations and national qualifications .

Admittedly assessment at earlier ages was not approached as so all-enveloping a concern as at 16 but warnings about the national curriculum were serious .
admittedly [evaluation] at earlier ages was not approached as so all-enveloping a concern as at 16 but warnings about the national curriculum were serious .

The easing of compulsion in one part of a school 's obligations meant that those who managed curriculum balance , specific schemes of teaching and school policies of assessment at the primary as well as at the secondary levels grew uncertain about other issues .
the easing of compulsion in one part of a school 's obligations meant that those who managed curriculum balance , specific schemes of teaching and school policies of [evaluation] at the primary as well as at the secondary levels grew uncertain about other issues .

Fewer compulsory subjects and less assessment meant that each school 's offering — represented to parents through school prospectuses and negotiated with governors and local authorities in compliance with previously agreed curriculum policies — became more open than had earlier seemed possible .
fewer compulsory subjects and less [evaluation] meant that each school 's offering — represented to parents through school prospectuses and negotiated with governors and local authorities in compliance with previously agreed curriculum policies — became more open than had earlier seemed possible .

Once that confidence had been achieved , it was felt that the school would benefit if every pupil were given a three grade assessment ( acceptable , unacceptable , exceptional ) .
once that confidence had been achieved , it was felt that the school would benefit if every pupil were given a three grade [evaluation] ( acceptable , unacceptable , exceptional ) .

This was not to be a matter of mark-books and tests but a freely managed regular assessment which depended first on the subject-teacher but which took in the view of everyone who had dealings with each individual pupil .
this was not to be a matter of mark-books and tests but a freely managed regular [evaluation] which depended first on the subject-teacher but which took in the view of everyone who had dealings with each individual pupil .

But the quality of activity which then follows and the way in which that activity is judged ( either as an event in itself or through the assessment of the child 's learning which emerges from it ) still needs patient examination .
but the quality of activity which then follows and the way in which that activity is judged ( either as an event in itself or through the [evaluation] of the child 's learning which emerges from it ) still needs patient examination .

Commitment to the assessment of pupils is the requirement of the 1988 Education Reform Act which most directly touches teachers .
commitment to the [evaluation] of pupils is the requirement of the 1988 education reform act which most directly touches teachers .

That directness of involvement was signalled by each teacher at the first stage of assessment receiving from central government late in 1989 and early in 1990 packs of materials , descriptions of policy , examples of assessment and timetables .
that directness of involvement was signalled by each teacher at the first stage of [evaluation] receiving from central government late in 1989 and early in 1990 packs of materials , descriptions of policy , examples of [evaluation] and timetables .

Assessment became the field in which there were the largest number of changes and retractions in government policy .
[evaluation] became the field in which there were the largest number of changes and retractions in government policy .

The manager 's task was to remain up to date with the changes , to encourage a confident understanding of the purpose and methods of assessment and to make sense of the ambiguity which surrounded questions of parental and governors ' access to the assessments .
the manager 's task was to remain up to date with the changes , to encourage a confident understanding of the purpose and methods of [evaluation] and to make sense of the ambiguity which surrounded questions of parental and governors ' access to the assessments .

Working party interim reports , Secretary of State reactions , draft materials and final publications were all sent direct to schools but , unlike the organization of assessment , the mapping out of the curriculum and its proper support through staffing , books and other resources , time and leadership were a matter for heads and curriculum leaders .
working party interim reports , secretary of state reactions , draft materials and final publications were all sent direct to schools but , unlike the organization of [evaluation] , the mapping out of the curriculum and its proper support through staffing , books and other resources , time and leadership were a matter for heads and curriculum leaders .

Because they were neither entirely new nor so complicated , the requirements of the national curriculum settled down more quickly than those of assessment .
because they were neither entirely new nor so complicated , the requirements of the national curriculum settled down more quickly than those of [evaluation] .

Separate from curriculum and assessment , a third element in the 1988 Act , although it affects teaching staff only indirectly , still has the potential to affect the whole future of a school .
separate from curriculum and [evaluation] , a third element in the 1988 act , although it affects teaching staff only indirectly , still has the potential to affect the whole future of a school .

However hard a head or a governing body may try to remain outside the arena of competition , the insistence of parent interests and community awareness and the effect on even the price of houses in a local estate agent 's listings will continue to make sure that parents believe that clever children , as measured in the national assessment , are produced by good schools and by good teachers .
however hard a head or a governing body may try to remain outside the arena of competition , the insistence of parent interests and community awareness and the effect on even the price of houses in a local estate agent 's listings will continue to make sure that parents believe that clever children , as measured in the national [evaluation] , are produced by good schools and by good teachers .

Unlike the other four main changes in the 1988 Act ( national curriculum , assessment , open enrolment and local financial delegation ) the alteration of power in the control of staff calls for a high degree of collegiality between the managers and the managed .
unlike the other four main changes in the 1988 act ( national curriculum , [evaluation] , open enrolment and local financial delegation ) the alteration of power in the control of staff calls for a high degree of collegiality between the managers and the managed .

The second need is to be equally well prepared in six areas of management — the curriculum , the social organization of the school , the efficiency of assessment and the efficient feedback of assessment 's findings , staff dispositions and changes , financial priorities and the triple task of giving account to governors , parents and the local authority .
the second need is to be equally well prepared in six areas of management — the curriculum , the social organization of the school , the efficiency of [evaluation] and the efficient feedback of [evaluation] 's findings , staff dispositions and changes , financial priorities and the triple task of giving account to governors , parents and the local authority .

Equal success in all six requires mastery by the head of the detailed requirements of those matters which are covered by regulation ( curriculum , assessment , staffing , finance , accountability ) and a well-formed , carefully agreed practical philosophy about social organization , the school 's values and its ethos .
equal success in all six requires mastery by the head of the detailed requirements of those matters which are covered by regulation ( curriculum , [evaluation] , staffing , finance , accountability ) and a well-formed , carefully agreed practical philosophy about social organization , the school 's values and its ethos .

If aims and objectives are clear , if resources which assist the reaching of those aims are properly distributed and if other matters which bear on relationships , self-evaluation , assessment , planning and reporting are thought out and carefully put into operation , pupils will be better educated .
if aims and objectives are clear , if resources which assist the reaching of those aims are properly distributed and if other matters which bear on relationships , self-evaluation , [evaluation] , planning and reporting are thought out and carefully put into operation , pupils will be better educated .

Monitoring meant assessment and the Audit Commission report was concerned with the local services of advisers and inspectors and with how schools and colleges were managed .
monitoring meant [evaluation] and the audit commission report was concerned with the local services of advisers and inspectors and with how schools and colleges were managed .

Not all information will be regarded as of equal weight and therefore a truly total assessment is unattainable .
not all information will be regarded as of equal weight and therefore a truly total [evaluation] is unattainable .

Because they cover a wide range of responsibilities — about assessment , financial management , curriculum balance and accountability — the manager provides a better service to his or her partners if a single interpretation is provided and if disparate demands can be connected by a common thread .
because they cover a wide range of responsibilities — about [evaluation] , financial management , curriculum balance and accountability — the manager provides a better service to his or her partners if a single interpretation is provided and if disparate demands can be connected by a common thread .

Know-how is all important — and it is quite typical for a deputy head following an advanced part-time degree in education management to sigh with relief at the start of a module about , for instance , the management of assessment and to say that this was precisely what his head — with an eye mainly on the short term — hoped he would get out of the course .
know-how is all important — and it is quite typical for a deputy head following an advanced part-time degree in education management to sigh with relief at the start of a module about , for instance , the management of [evaluation] and to say that this was precisely what his head — with an eye mainly on the short term — hoped he would get out of the course .

There was a still young involvement in national pupil assessment and there were the beginnings of more power being given to , and accountability expected from , governors .
there was a still young involvement in national pupil [evaluation] and there were the beginnings of more power being given to , and accountability expected from , governors .

He is also concerned with evaluating the seminars he runs — both the ‘ staff lunches ’ and afternoon seminars — so that there is an on-going assessment which contributes to an overall sense of commitment to the task .
he is also concerned with evaluating the seminars he runs — both the ‘ staff lunches ’ and afternoon seminars — so that there is an on-going [evaluation] which contributes to an overall sense of commitment to the task .

The Lead Body has specified that the assessment environment should be as natural as possible and model the conditions of the workplace — its realism , consistency of performance and the need to deal with unexpected contingencies .
the lead body has specified that the [evaluation] environment should be as natural as possible and model the conditions of the workplace — its realism , consistency of performance and the need to deal with unexpected contingencies .

It is this formative assessment experienced in the context of a realistic working environment , eg .
it is this formative [evaluation] experienced in the context of a realistic working environment , eg .

a training office , which could help to take the sting out of the summative assessment .
a training office , which could help to take the sting out of the summative [evaluation] .

If it is accepted that successful formative attempts can contribute to the summative assessment , the actual number of formal assessments could be substantially reduced .
if it is accepted that successful formative attempts can contribute to the summative [evaluation] , the actual number of formal assessments could be substantially reduced .

The role of the learner and peers in the assessment process should also be considered .
the role of the learner and peers in the [evaluation] process should also be considered .

Increasingly the role of initial assessment will take on a new importance and will focus on centres ' guidance structures and procedures .
increasingly the role of initial [evaluation] will take on a new importance and will focus on centres ' guidance structures and procedures .

Assessment opportunities are available in different locations .
[evaluation] opportunities are available in different locations .

Although centres generally have more control over what learning and assessment opportunities are offered , it may be preferable for some learning outcomes to be assessed in the workplace , if this opportunity exists ; eg .
although centres generally have more control over what learning and [evaluation] opportunities are offered , it may be preferable for some learning outcomes to be assessed in the workplace , if this opportunity exists ; eg .

Workplace learning and assessment will become increasingly more important as SVQs , which are based on occupational competence , gradually gain ground .
workplace learning and [evaluation] will become increasingly more important as svqs , which are based on occupational competence , gradually gain ground .

Assessment exemplars for Module No .
[evaluation] exemplars for module no .

Centres should ensure that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .
centres should ensure that [evaluation] procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .

‘ monitoring , evaluation and review are key concepts in any modular provision arising naturally from the emphasis in National Certificate on flexibility and choice , negotiation , continuous and internal assessment . ’
‘ monitoring , evaluation and review are key concepts in any modular provision arising naturally from the emphasis in national certificate on flexibility and choice , negotiation , continuous and internal [evaluation] . ’

1.3.2 Teachers reported difficulties in the delivery of the module descriptors within allocated time durations and in meeting assessment requirements which were not always clearly stated .
1.3.2 teachers reported difficulties in the delivery of the module descriptors within allocated time durations and in meeting [evaluation] requirements which were not always clearly stated .

the assessment requirements , both summative and formative
the [evaluation] requirements , both summative and formative

allow the programme team to collaborate on learning and assessment strategies
allow the programme team to collaborate on learning and [evaluation] strategies

the assessment instruments ;
the [evaluation] instruments ;

working groups to develop assignments and assessment materials ;
working groups to develop assignments and [evaluation] materials ;

provide an opportunity for the debriefing of students , discussing both the work supervisor 's and tutor 's assessment of them on an individual basis . Enable the student to place the experience in the context of personal and educational development ;
provide an opportunity for the debriefing of students , discussing both the work supervisor 's and tutor 's [evaluation] of them on an individual basis . enable the student to place the experience in the context of personal and educational development ;

to highlight delivery issues including programme design , learning and teaching approaches and assessment procedures .
to highlight delivery issues including programme design , learning and teaching approaches and [evaluation] procedures .

7.3 The Personal Interview takes the reviewing process a step further by using this as an Instrument of Assessment . Two forms of the Personal Interview may be identified :
7.3 the personal interview takes the reviewing process a step further by using this as an instrument of [evaluation] . two forms of the personal interview may be identified :

they permit the collation and review of evidence of student attainment from different sources eg. from the student , the supervisor or the tutor , thus contributing to the validity and reliability of assessment ;
they permit the collation and review of evidence of student attainment from different sources eg. from the student , the supervisor or the tutor , thus contributing to the validity and reliability of [evaluation] ;

they allow evidence from out of centre activity , eg. work experience , to be reviewed , thus contributing to the validity and reliability of assessment ;
they allow evidence from out of centre activity , eg. work experience , to be reviewed , thus contributing to the validity and reliability of [evaluation] ;

assessment is not dependent on good written communication skills ;
[evaluation] is not dependent on good written communication skills ;

they provide an opportunity for students to explain their intentions and values and to comment on their own performance , thus contributing to the collaborative nature of the assessment procedure .
they provide an opportunity for students to explain their intentions and values and to comment on their own performance , thus contributing to the collaborative nature of the [evaluation] procedure .

7.5 The Assessment Procedures section of each descriptor identifies the minimum assessment evidence required . For example , in Work Experience 1 , the recommended assessment evidence supporting the Personal Interview and Practical Exercises is :
7.5 the [evaluation] procedures section of each descriptor identifies the minimum [evaluation] evidence required . for example , in work experience 1 , the recommended [evaluation] evidence supporting the personal interview and practical exercises is :

Annex 3 lists instruments of assessment and documentary evidence supporting it .
annex 3 lists instruments of [evaluation] and documentary evidence supporting it .

Design of a range of means of gathering assessment evidence , eg. self and peer-assessment procedures , supervisors ' reports etc .
design of a range of means of gathering [evaluation] evidence , eg. self and peer-assessment procedures , supervisors ' reports etc .

The module will be undertaken on a group basis and self and peer assessment will feature strongly .
the module will be undertaken on a group basis and self and peer [evaluation] will feature strongly .

There is an element of assessment of the interpersonal skills used during the module and students will be asked to express their feelings and reactions to the experience as a whole .
there is an element of [evaluation] of the interpersonal skills used during the module and students will be asked to express their feelings and reactions to the experience as a whole .

At Level Two students will complete a self assessment , taking into account their attitude and behaviours and the factors which currently affect their health and fitness .
at level two students will complete a self [evaluation] , taking into account their attitude and behaviours and the factors which currently affect their health and fitness .

This was done by establishing clearly defined Performance Criteria , Instruments of Assessment and Test Specifications .
this was done by establishing clearly defined performance criteria , instruments of [evaluation] and test specifications .

It is recognised that these are important aspects of the learning and teaching approaches for the modules and it is recommended that they are used for formative assessment .
it is recognised that these are important aspects of the learning and teaching approaches for the modules and it is recommended that they are used for formative [evaluation] .

However they should no longer be used for summative assessment and need not be retained for inspection by the Subject Assessor .
however they should no longer be used for summative [evaluation] and need not be retained for inspection by the subject assessor .

4.2 The summative assessment for project based modules will consist of :
4.2 the summative [evaluation] for project based modules will consist of :

4.3 The summative assessment for the project based module 81063 will consist of :
4.3 the summative [evaluation] for the project based module 81063 will consist of :

4.4 The summative assessment for the problem solving modules will consist of :
4.4 the summative [evaluation] for the problem solving modules will consist of :

5.1 The changes to the Assessment Procedures required a review of the Learning Outcomes and a reduction of the overlap between the modules .
5.1 the changes to the [evaluation] procedures required a review of the learning outcomes and a reduction of the overlap between the modules .

Instrument of Assessment
instrument of [evaluation]

Instrument of Assessment
instrument of [evaluation]

4.1 The Assessment Procedures sections of the modules have been updated to show clearly defined performance criteria , standard use of terminology for instruments of assessment , detailed assessment specifications and performance levels .
4.1 the [evaluation] procedures sections of the modules have been updated to show clearly defined performance criteria , standard use of terminology for instruments of [evaluation] , detailed [evaluation] specifications and performance levels .

6 Assessment Procedures
6 [evaluation] procedures

6.1 An important change in the assessment procedures in the revised provision is the more widespread use of investigative exercises such as assignments and case studies .
6.1 an important change in the [evaluation] procedures in the revised provision is the more widespread use of investigative exercises such as assignments and case studies .

It is recognised that assignments and case studies can also be significant aspects of learning and teaching approaches in the modules as well as being used for summative assessment purposes .
it is recognised that assignments and case studies can also be significant aspects of learning and teaching approaches in the modules as well as being used for summative [evaluation] purposes .

When case studies and assignments are being used for summative assessment they should be retained for inspection by the Subject Assessor .
when case studies and assignments are being used for summative [evaluation] they should be retained for inspection by the subject assessor .

Where the assignment involves an investigation , the assessment is likely to be based on students carrying out a series of instructions correctly and drawing valid conclusions from the results .
where the assignment involves an investigation , the [evaluation] is likely to be based on students carrying out a series of instructions correctly and drawing valid conclusions from the results .

commonly known as an essay , this instrument of assessment is the most open-ended type of written assessment
commonly known as an essay , this instrument of [evaluation] is the most open-ended type of written [evaluation]

any structural assessment exercise involving the organisation and achievement of a specific task which is resource based and which seeks to simulate real life situations
any structural [evaluation] exercise involving the organisation and achievement of a specific task which is resource based and which seeks to simulate real life situations

6.4 Assessment procedures in the revised provision also include clearly defined performance criteria and performance levels so that standards can be more readily recognised and adhered to nationally .
6.4 [evaluation] procedures in the revised provision also include clearly defined performance criteria and performance levels so that standards can be more readily recognised and adhered to nationally .

Centres should ensure that assessment procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .
centres should ensure that [evaluation] procedures being used are valid and reliable and in accordance with the information contained within each module descriptor .

Instrument of assessment
instrument of [evaluation]

Instrument of assessment
instrument of [evaluation]

Instrument of assessment
instrument of [evaluation]

The Assessment Procedures section of the module descriptor is designed to provide the tutor with the information required to devise assessment material .
the [evaluation] procedures section of the module descriptor is designed to provide the tutor with the information required to devise [evaluation] material .

The Assessment Procedures will specify an Instrument of Assessment .
the [evaluation] procedures will specify an instrument of [evaluation] .

Assessment Procedures
[evaluation] procedures

Recommended Assessment Procedures may be altered with the prior approval of the Council .
recommended [evaluation] procedures may be altered with the prior approval of the council .

List of Standard Instruments of Assessment Used in New Sciences Modules
list of standard instruments of [evaluation] used in new sciences modules

Assessment of Practical Competence
[evaluation] of practical competence

This form of assessment presents the student with the opportunity of displaying practical skills which may involve the completion of a specified task or procedure or the production of an artifact .
this form of [evaluation] presents the student with the opportunity of displaying practical skills which may involve the completion of a specified task or procedure or the production of an artifact .

Assessment of Cognitive Competence
[evaluation] of cognitive competence

This form of assessment consists of two lists — a set of statements and a set of responses .
this form of [evaluation] consists of two lists — a set of statements and a set of responses .

This type of assessment consists of a series of questions which the student answers by selecting the correct response(s) from those presented in the accompanying grid .
this type of [evaluation] consists of a series of questions which the student answers by selecting the correct response(s) from those presented in the accompanying grid .

Commonly known as an essay , this form of assessment is the most open-ended type of written test .
commonly known as an essay , this form of [evaluation] is the most open-ended type of written test .

It may be useful in the assessment of higher level cognitive competences .
it may be useful in the [evaluation] of higher level cognitive competences .

The SVQs are designed to be assessed in the workplace , or , where this is not possible , in simulations which enable assessment to be undertaken to demonstrate consistent , comprehensive performance under workplace conditions including difficult and stressful circumstances .
the svqs are designed to be assessed in the workplace , or , where this is not possible , in simulations which enable [evaluation] to be undertaken to demonstrate consistent , comprehensive performance under workplace conditions including difficult and stressful circumstances .

Strategies such as a supervisory and monitoring approach , using self and peer assessment , may be used to assist the overall assessment process .
strategies such as a supervisory and monitoring approach , using self and peer [evaluation] , may be used to assist the overall [evaluation] process .

It was decided to introduce a formal investigation as part of the summative assessment process as well as supporting investigative techniques during the teaching and learning process .
it was decided to introduce a formal investigation as part of the summative [evaluation] process as well as supporting investigative techniques during the teaching and learning process .

Students should be made aware of the above criteria and should be encouraged to carry out their own evaluation of any potential investigation which they might use for summative assessment purposes .
students should be made aware of the above criteria and should be encouraged to carry out their own evaluation of any potential investigation which they might use for summative [evaluation] purposes .

While the conduct of the investigation is summative in respect of the investigations Outcome , it can be a means of formative assessment for other Outcomes .
while the conduct of the investigation is summative in respect of the investigations outcome , it can be a means of formative [evaluation] for other outcomes .

If a project grinds to a premature halt , the tutor must first evaluate if sufficient evidence has or can be generated for assessment purposes .
if a project grinds to a premature halt , the tutor must first evaluate if sufficient evidence has or can be generated for [evaluation] purposes .

This is a useful means of gathering evidence for assessment purposes .
this is a useful means of gathering evidence for [evaluation] purposes .

An outline plan is not only a very useful means of focussing attention on all the important issues before implementation , it is also a very useful piece of evidence for assessment purposes .
an outline plan is not only a very useful means of focussing attention on all the important issues before implementation , it is also a very useful piece of evidence for [evaluation] purposes .

They are particularly suited to the assessment of Outcomes concerned with analysis , synthesis and evaluation .
they are particularly suited to the [evaluation] of outcomes concerned with analysis , synthesis and evaluation .

As an instrument of assessment , however , the project is most effective when the students concerned already possess the necessary skills in planning , accessing resource material and in writing reports .
as an instrument of [evaluation] , however , the project is most effective when the students concerned already possess the necessary skills in planning , accessing resource material and in writing reports .

Reliability of assessment may be difficult to achieve .
reliability of [evaluation] may be difficult to achieve .

For example , an employer who , without any attempt at an individual medical assessment , inaccurately pre-judges epileptic applicants for positions as being unable to perform the job , will have treated those applicants as disabled , even though in fact their impairments might not limit their major life activities at all or only to the extent that others react adversely to them .
for example , an employer who , without any attempt at an individual medical [evaluation] , inaccurately pre-judges epileptic applicants for positions as being unable to perform the job , will have treated those applicants as disabled , even though in fact their impairments might not limit their major life activities at all or only to the extent that others react adversely to them .

In each case mentioned , therefore , the employer 's commercial assessment and endeavours or the prevailing economic circumstances will significantly reduce or even remove any prospect the employee might have of being entitled to a compensation award .
in each case mentioned , therefore , the employer 's commercial [evaluation] and endeavours or the prevailing economic circumstances will significantly reduce or even remove any prospect the employee might have of being entitled to a compensation award .

In particular , however , section 40 ( 1 ) directs that this assessment has to be made with regard to ‘ among other things the size and nature of the employer 's undertaking ’ .
in particular , however , section 40 ( 1 ) directs that this [evaluation] has to be made with regard to ‘ among other things the size and nature of the employer 's undertaking ’ .

The interesting issues in this area arise from the balancing of the interests of employer and employee involved in the assessment of whether the dismissal was unfair .
the interesting issues in this area arise from the balancing of the interests of employer and employee involved in the [evaluation] of whether the dismissal was unfair .

However , it is in the various statements indicating the extent to which managerial prerogative is constrained in this context that differences of emphasis have emerged relating to what should be looked at in the assessment of the employer 's reasonableness in dismissing ‘ refuseniks ’
however , it is in the various statements indicating the extent to which managerial prerogative is constrained in this context that differences of emphasis have emerged relating to what should be looked at in the [evaluation] of the employer 's reasonableness in dismissing ‘ refuseniks ’

: As a result of Act 1414/1984 , as construed in the light of Directive 76/207 , that is , in conformity with the wording and the spirit and purpose thereof , the employer is not allowed when announcing a public open competition for the hiring of personnel , to infringe the principle of sex equality with respect to either the means for attracting candidates or the criteria of their assessment .
: as a result of act 1414/1984 , as construed in the light of directive 76/207 , that is , in conformity with the wording and the spirit and purpose thereof , the employer is not allowed when announcing a public open competition for the hiring of personnel , to infringe the principle of sex equality with respect to either the means for attracting candidates or the criteria of their [evaluation] .

Engineering risk assessment is based on objective consideration of likelihood and consequences .
engineering risk [evaluation] is based on objective consideration of likelihood and consequences .

Encourage local society meetings to discuss ‘ identification , assessment and management of risk ’ , lessons from good and bad practice , and how your members can implement the Code .
encourage local society meetings to discuss ‘ identification , [evaluation] and management of risk ’ , lessons from good and bad practice , and how your members can implement the code .

Encourage members to be up to date in risk assessment and management by inclusion of appropriate initial education and continuing professional development .
encourage members to be up to date in risk [evaluation] and management by inclusion of appropriate initial education and continuing professional development .

The Board for Engineers ' Registration ( which comprises nominees from engineering Institutions ) and its associated committees is asked to play a leading role in the introduction of risk assessment and management in initial and continuing education and training for engineers .
the board for engineers ' registration ( which comprises nominees from engineering institutions ) and its associated committees is asked to play a leading role in the introduction of risk [evaluation] and management in initial and continuing education and training for engineers .

Encourage research and development in the recognition , assessment and management of engineering risks and disseminate the findings .
encourage research and development in the recognition , [evaluation] and management of engineering risks and disseminate the findings .

Encourage and support employers to adopt good practice in risk assessment and management .
encourage and support employers to adopt good practice in risk [evaluation] and management .

Support and encourage your members to seek improved education and training in risk awareness , assessment , management and associated health and safety legislation .
support and encourage your members to seek improved education and training in risk awareness , [evaluation] , management and associated health and safety legislation .

Provide financial and other incentives to stimulate employers , individual engineers and others to gain greater knowledge and skills in risk awareness , assessment and management by improved education and training to meet present and future needs .
provide financial and other incentives to stimulate employers , individual engineers and others to gain greater knowledge and skills in risk awareness , [evaluation] and management by improved education and training to meet present and future needs .

Give leadership to providers and encourage inclusion of risk awareness , assessment and management in initial and continuing education and training/professional development of all engineers .
give leadership to providers and encourage inclusion of risk awareness , [evaluation] and management in initial and continuing education and training/professional development of all engineers .

An in–depth assessment from first principles and a cost/benefit analysis are not needed for every job .
an in–depth [evaluation] from first principles and a cost/benefit analysis are not needed for every job .

You should therefore have carried out an objective , professional assessment of the level of risk making sure that :
you should therefore have carried out an objective , professional [evaluation] of the level of risk making sure that :

Seeking a second opinion is strongly advised to obtain an objective assessment .
seeking a second opinion is strongly advised to obtain an objective [evaluation] .

They are clearly a very cost–effective form of risk assessment ; the situation will have been examined at a level of detail and expertise not usually available to individual companies .
they are clearly a very cost–effective form of risk [evaluation] ; the situation will have been examined at a level of detail and expertise not usually available to individual companies .

The balance of modern thinking in risk assessment and regulation is therefore moving towards a combination of codes and standards with ‘ goal setting ’ .
the balance of modern thinking in risk [evaluation] and regulation is therefore moving towards a combination of codes and standards with ‘ goal setting ’ .

This encourage systematic assessment of the whole operation/activity ( see References 2 and 4 ) .
this encourage systematic [evaluation] of the whole operation/activity ( see references 2 and 4 ) .

Engineers should be aware of the need to balance reliance on codes and standards with project–specific risk assessment .
engineers should be aware of the need to balance reliance on codes and standards with project–specific risk [evaluation] .

Specific standards for the assessment of software in safety–critical contexts are being developed .
specific standards for the [evaluation] of software in safety–critical contexts are being developed .

Judgement is particularly important in the initial assessment of risks and deciding on their tolerability .
judgement is particularly important in the initial [evaluation] of risks and deciding on their tolerability .

Formal risk assessment and evaluation methods should be used as aids to judgement , not as substitutes for it .
formal risk [evaluation] and evaluation methods should be used as aids to judgement , not as substitutes for it .

Hazard identification , risk assessment and risk control are discussed below in relation to a generalized project ( see Table 1 ) .
hazard identification , risk [evaluation] and risk control are discussed below in relation to a generalized project ( see table 1 ) .

The basic approach will apply in all cases , but the degree of formality and the extent of risk assessment and control programmes may fall anywhere between everyday professional judgement and a full safety case .
the basic approach will apply in all cases , but the degree of formality and the extent of risk [evaluation] and control programmes may fall anywhere between everyday professional judgement and a full safety case .

Risk Assessment Risk Analysis
risk [evaluation] risk analysis

Basic principles of risk assessment : handling uncertainty ; preparing safety cases ; hazard and operability studies ( HAZOPs ) ; determining standards ; allocating resources to risk assessment ; employing consultants .
basic principles of risk [evaluation] : handling uncertainty ; preparing safety cases ; hazard and operability studies ( hazops ) ; determining standards ; allocating resources to risk [evaluation] ; employing consultants .

formal risk assessment applied to all projects , expenditure and changes in work activities
formal risk [evaluation] applied to all projects , expenditure and changes in work activities

Risk Assessment
risk [evaluation]

This information is also of interest to all engineers to help them encourage good practice approaches to the identification and assessment of risk issues .
this information is also of interest to all engineers to help them encourage good practice approaches to the identification and [evaluation] of risk issues .

Balance reliance on codes of practice with project–specific risk assessment ; be open–minded and do not hide behind regulations .
balance reliance on codes of practice with project–specific risk [evaluation] ; be open–minded and do not hide behind regulations .

This might vary from a simple assessment to a formal safety case .
this might vary from a simple [evaluation] to a formal safety case .

Be aware of this , and use risk assessment methods as an aid to judgement , not as a substitute for it .
be aware of this , and use risk [evaluation] methods as an aid to judgement , not as a substitute for it .

Some risks are so great that they can not be tolerated under any circumstances , while others are so low that they can be tolerated without further justification ; between these extremes , assessment is needed .
some risks are so great that they can not be tolerated under any circumstances , while others are so low that they can be tolerated without further justification ; between these extremes , [evaluation] is needed .

He called for a more critical approach , one which recognised the failures and shortcomings of what had been achieved , an accurate assessment of the intentions of policy-makers and legislators , and proper consideration of alternatives which might have been adopted .
he called for a more critical approach , one which recognised the failures and shortcomings of what had been achieved , an accurate [evaluation] of the intentions of policy-makers and legislators , and proper consideration of alternatives which might have been adopted .

Such alterations ranged from the introduction of record cards with ‘ unique ’ The 1944 Education Act assessment of character in Sheffield to the attempt to reduce the age-range of candidates in Caernarvonshire to those between the ages of ten and thirteen .
such alterations ranged from the introduction of record cards with ‘ unique ’ the 1944 education act [evaluation] of character in sheffield to the attempt to reduce the age-range of candidates in caernarvonshire to those between the ages of ten and thirteen .

Most of these , if asked , would have been unwilling to support any increase in attainment testing or in subjective assessment of character , but their expressed unease about testing could help to feed that of others , who would then fall back on what had ‘ worked ’ in the past .
most of these , if asked , would have been unwilling to support any increase in attainment testing or in subjective [evaluation] of character , but their expressed unease about testing could help to feed that of others , who would then fall back on what had ‘ worked ’ in the past .

The other two uses of the term risk both refer to a particular person 's assessment of risk , Summala uses the term ‘ subjective risk ’ only for estimates of risk made when no fear is actually experienced and uses the term ‘ ostensive risk ’ to describe situations where a person actually feels fear .
the other two uses of the term risk both refer to a particular person 's [evaluation] of risk , summala uses the term ‘ subjective risk ’ only for estimates of risk made when no fear is actually experienced and uses the term ‘ ostensive risk ’ to describe situations where a person actually feels fear .

Drivers were asked to give the risk rating immediately they heard the tone and it was emphasized that this rating should be one of what they were already feeling when they heard the tone rather than a subsequent assessment of the risk present .
drivers were asked to give the risk rating immediately they heard the tone and it was emphasized that this rating should be one of what they were already feeling when they heard the tone rather than a subsequent [evaluation] of the risk present .

Correlations calculated this way are generally smaller than those that would have been obtained by correlating the averages but because they do not average out the variance from different subjects they provide a more realistic assessment of the size of an effect for any individual subject .
correlations calculated this way are generally smaller than those that would have been obtained by correlating the averages but because they do not average out the variance from different subjects they provide a more realistic [evaluation] of the size of an effect for any individual subject .

This seems to imply that drivers ’ ratings of subjective risk are related to their subsequent recall of junctions in a way that is at least partially independent of the actual amount of traffic present and their assessment of the likelihood of accidents at the junction in other circumstances .
this seems to imply that drivers ’ ratings of subjective risk are related to their subsequent recall of junctions in a way that is at least partially independent of the actual amount of traffic present and their [evaluation] of the likelihood of accidents at the junction in other circumstances .

Whereas in the previous studies subjects have had prior knowledge of a junction and multiple exposures to it , in this study subjects only see a junction once , in just one set of traffic conditions and at the same time as making a risk assessment .
whereas in the previous studies subjects have had prior knowledge of a junction and multiple exposures to it , in this study subjects only see a junction once , in just one set of traffic conditions and at the same time as making a risk [evaluation] .

The study in this chapter was designed to allow some assessment of the information which was in fact present in the stimuli used in order to explore these assumptions .
the study in this chapter was designed to allow some [evaluation] of the information which was in fact present in the stimuli used in order to explore these assumptions .

One of the most exciting events towards the year end was the transfer of the Geotech site investigation team at Uphall to Environmental , giving us not only a stronger resource in geology and land assessment , but also a well established presence in Scotland from which we hope to offer all our other services in future .
one of the most exciting events towards the year end was the transfer of the geotech site investigation team at uphall to environmental , giving us not only a stronger resource in geology and land [evaluation] , but also a well established presence in scotland from which we hope to offer all our other services in future .

Water Assessment
water [evaluation]

Land Assessment
land [evaluation]

From January 1993 , the Land Assessment business has been under the operational control of Iain Ferrier , supported by Nigel Board and Peter Constantine in the South .
from january 1993 , the land [evaluation] business has been under the operational control of iain ferrier , supported by nigel board and peter constantine in the south .

Despite limited resources , the Environmental assessment , audit and management systems work has progressed very satisfactorily , and a preacquisition audit of quarries in Czechoslovakia was managed on behalf of Wimpey Minerals .
despite limited resources , the environmental [evaluation] , audit and management systems work has progressed very satisfactorily , and a preacquisition audit of quarries in czechoslovakia was managed on behalf of wimpey minerals .

Wimpey joined forces with Taylor Woodrow and Amec to form the Kuwaiti British Fire Group and the consortium successfully completed a major contract for damage assessment and subsequent refurbishment of two oil fields .
wimpey joined forces with taylor woodrow and amec to form the kuwaiti british fire group and the consortium successfully completed a major contract for damage [evaluation] and subsequent refurbishment of two oil fields .

The contract involves sampling , analysis and assessment at more than 200 waste disposal points throughout central London and its surrounding boroughs , including existing and former landfills , transfer stations and public tipping sites
the contract involves sampling , analysis and [evaluation] at more than 200 waste disposal points throughout central london and its surrounding boroughs , including existing and former landfills , transfer stations and public tipping sites

There is no surviving detailed assessment of income for the eleventh-century papacy as there is for the English kings in the great Domesday Book of 1086 .
there is no surviving detailed [evaluation] of income for the eleventh-century papacy as there is for the english kings in the great domesday book of 1086 .

The analogy is drawn between research assessment and the restriction of use of medical expert systems to physicians .
the analogy is drawn between research [evaluation] and the restriction of use of medical expert systems to physicians .

It is no longer enough to make a simple count of publications ; some attempt must be made to look at the informational content ( bibliographies ) , peer group assessment ( citations ) , and long-term value to the academic community ( review articles ) .
it is no longer enough to make a simple count of publications ; some attempt must be made to look at the informational content ( bibliographies ) , peer group [evaluation] ( citations ) , and long-term value to the academic community ( review articles ) .

The correlation of peer ratings with total influence exceeded the correlations with qualitative assessment or publication counts alone .
the correlation of peer ratings with total influence exceeded the correlations with qualitative [evaluation] or publication counts alone .

An objective assessment of geological database coverage by Tenopir confirmed that Georef was the preferred database for searching , of the two which then currently existed .
an objective [evaluation] of geological database coverage by tenopir confirmed that georef was the preferred database for searching , of the two which then currently existed .

For a paper on Scottish geology to be published in such journals is in itself a peer-group assessment of the value of that research to the scientific community .
for a paper on scottish geology to be published in such journals is in itself a peer-group [evaluation] of the value of that research to the scientific community .

If , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal assessment of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .
if , however , the primary purpose is to train scientists , then the criteria used to select candidates might in future be based on peer review of the departments , and a personal [evaluation] of those candidates , rather than on the putative scientific value of the projects submitted for consideration .

11 The use of citation counts in performance assessment may influence citing behaviour .
11 the use of citation counts in performance [evaluation] may influence citing behaviour .

The Universities Funding Council , in its Report on the 1989 Research Assessment Exercise says that its assessment process was one of ‘ informed peer review ’ .
the universities funding council , in its report on the 1989 research [evaluation] exercise says that its [evaluation] process was one of ‘ informed peer review ’ .

Cole & Cole ( 1967 ) studied the possible correlation of quantity of output of 120 physicists ( publications , citations , number of awards ) with the perceived quality of their work , as determined by peer assessment , to see if the reward system in science favoured highly productive researchers , or those who produced high quality research .
cole & cole ( 1967 ) studied the possible correlation of quantity of output of 120 physicists ( publications , citations , number of awards ) with the perceived quality of their work , as determined by peer [evaluation] , to see if the reward system in science favoured highly productive researchers , or those who produced high quality research .

The subjectivity of the assessment can be reduced by the use of verbal surveys , such as questionnaires not restricted to numerical measures ; and the dangers of providing conformist assessments can be overcome by the assurance of confidentiality , and by checks for systematic variations .
the subjectivity of the [evaluation] can be reduced by the use of verbal surveys , such as questionnaires not restricted to numerical measures ; and the dangers of providing conformist assessments can be overcome by the assurance of confidentiality , and by checks for systematic variations .

The criticism focused especially on the government 's delay in completing cyclone damage assessment and , except for a request for more helicopters , its failure to provide aid agencies with a detailed list of emergency supply needs .
the criticism focused especially on the government 's delay in completing cyclone damage [evaluation] and , except for a request for more helicopters , its failure to provide aid agencies with a detailed list of emergency supply needs .

None of the declared candidates was credited with much chance of winning the presidency ; the incumbent ( Republican ) President George Bush was regarded by many as unbeatable , and this assessment was thought to have deterred other better-known Democrats from entering the race ( although the Rev .
none of the declared candidates was credited with much chance of winning the presidency ; the incumbent ( republican ) president george bush was regarded by many as unbeatable , and this [evaluation] was thought to have deterred other better-known democrats from entering the race ( although the rev .

Domenico Sica , the High Commissioner responsible for co-ordinating the fight against the Mafia , delivered a lengthy report to the Constitutional Commission of the Chamber of Deputies in June 1990 , in which he gave a precise assessment of the scale of the problem represented by the Mafia .
domenico sica , the high commissioner responsible for co-ordinating the fight against the mafia , delivered a lengthy report to the constitutional commission of the chamber of deputies in june 1990 , in which he gave a precise [evaluation] of the scale of the problem represented by the mafia .

In 1990 Hawke asked the newly created Resources Assessment Commission to adjudicate on the issue ; the report , filed in 1991 , recommended that mining should not be prohibited on environmental grounds , but it pointed out that the Hill was sacred to an Aboriginal group , the Jawoyn people .
in 1990 hawke asked the newly created resources [evaluation] commission to adjudicate on the issue ; the report , filed in 1991 , recommended that mining should not be prohibited on environmental grounds , but it pointed out that the hill was sacred to an aboriginal group , the jawoyn people .

Assessment of war damage
[evaluation] of war damage

The Oil Ministry announced on March 6 that damage assessment was under way and that it had embarked on a large-scale rehabilitation effort to restore buildings , pipelines and damaged reservoirs .
the oil ministry announced on march 6 that damage [evaluation] was under way and that it had embarked on a large-scale rehabilitation effort to restore buildings , pipelines and damaged reservoirs .

While the difference appeared small , the gap represented an assessment of the support each side could command in the transitional body .
while the difference appeared small , the gap represented an [evaluation] of the support each side could command in the transitional body .

When the application period ended ( on June 8 ) an assessment of the results would be made and unsold shares would be put up for sale at a lower price .
when the application period ended ( on june 8 ) an [evaluation] of the results would be made and unsold shares would be put up for sale at a lower price .

It was widely noted that Bush 's euphoric statements proclaiming the transformation of Europe contrasted sharply with Havel 's sombre assessment of Czechoslovakia 's progress in the past year .
it was widely noted that bush 's euphoric statements proclaiming the transformation of europe contrasted sharply with havel 's sombre [evaluation] of czechoslovakia 's progress in the past year .

However , in its assessment of the speech , the Far Eastern Economic Review of April 2 contended that he had `` studiously avoided over-commitment to either side of the communist party 's factional split between hardliners and reformists `` .
however , in its [evaluation] of the speech , the far eastern economic review of april 2 contended that he had `` studiously avoided over-commitment to either side of the communist party 's factional split between hardliners and reformists `` .

Assessment of casualties
[evaluation] of casualties

As the evidence for the misuse or overuse of health care technologies accumulates , most Western governments have responded by more formal systems of technology assessment and growing interest in what has been termed the `` outcomes movement `` ( Epstein 1990 ) .
as the evidence for the misuse or overuse of health care technologies accumulates , most western governments have responded by more formal systems of technology [evaluation] and growing interest in what has been termed the `` outcomes movement `` ( epstein 1990 ) .

The district made good early progress on separating purchaser–provider functions , needs assessment and contracting , and was involved in early negotiations with other districts on joint purchasing arrangements , but the disruption caused by the merger of the two authorities in late 1990 blocked this momentum .
the district made good early progress on separating purchaser–provider functions , needs [evaluation] and contracting , and was involved in early negotiations with other districts on joint purchasing arrangements , but the disruption caused by the merger of the two authorities in late 1990 blocked this momentum .

By the second year three of the districts were moving towards what Ham and Matthews call `` real `` purchasing : needs assessment , evaluating service effectiveness , establishing priorities and beginning to make changes in ways which take account of consumer views ( Ham and Matthews 1991 : 21 ) .
by the second year three of the districts were moving towards what ham and matthews call `` real `` purchasing : needs [evaluation] , evaluating service effectiveness , establishing priorities and beginning to make changes in ways which take account of consumer views ( ham and matthews 1991 : 21 ) .

Nearly three-quarters of districts were planning to change their health care priorities as a result of their health needs assessment .
nearly three-quarters of districts were planning to change their health care priorities as a result of their health needs [evaluation] .

On the basis of their needs assessment , which includes consultation with consumer groups and GPs , purchasing authorities adjust their priorities in terms of the balance of resources which should be devoted to particular care groups , and the balance between health promotion , prevention , treatment and care .
on the basis of their needs [evaluation] , which includes consultation with consumer groups and gps , purchasing authorities adjust their priorities in terms of the balance of resources which should be devoted to particular care groups , and the balance between health promotion , prevention , treatment and care .

By the time that Key Stage 4 of history is introduced in 1994 with the first reported assessment in 1996 there is the possibility that its position as one of the main elements providing balance and breadth will be undermined by lack of an adequate number of hours for teaching the subject .
by the time that key stage 4 of history is introduced in 1994 with the first reported [evaluation] in 1996 there is the possibility that its position as one of the main elements providing balance and breadth will be undermined by lack of an adequate number of hours for teaching the subject .

Infants are still developing their writing skills , and assessment will be through observation and discussion rather than through written exercises .
infants are still developing their writing skills , and [evaluation] will be through observation and discussion rather than through written exercises .

Often an effective assessment activity will involve the synthesis of previous learning and understanding , though history will offer some important cross-curricular opportunities for developing language work and reading and writing .
often an effective [evaluation] activity will involve the synthesis of previous learning and understanding , though history will offer some important cross-curricular opportunities for developing language work and reading and writing .

Teachers in a cluster group might share the work of producing teaching materials or assessment materials .
teachers in a cluster group might share the work of producing teaching materials or [evaluation] materials .

After teaching a unit an assessment should take place .
after teaching a unit an [evaluation] should take place .

This means for example that an assessment exercise could be set around two sources which have contradictions .
this means for example that an [evaluation] exercise could be set around two sources which have contradictions .

Hand in hand with the planning for differentiation goes assessment and record-keeping which must be linked to the programme of study .
hand in hand with the planning for differentiation goes [evaluation] and record-keeping which must be linked to the programme of study .

Assessment , record-keeping and reporting
[evaluation] , record-keeping and reporting

They form the basis for assessment but are not in themselves assessment objectives … Assessment based on Statements of Attainment will need to take into account the whole range of abilities to be found in any Statement of Attainment and the context — task and type of historical content — in which attainment of these abilities is being shown .
they form the basis for [evaluation] but are not in themselves [evaluation] objectives … [evaluation] based on statements of attainment will need to take into account the whole range of abilities to be found in any statement of attainment and the context — task and type of historical content — in which attainment of these abilities is being shown .

The Statements of Attainment need to be in some ways `` unpacked `` in relation to the chosen programme of study and reordered not in sequence of difficulty but in terms of their place in the programme to ensure that opportunities for assessment are capitalised upon .
the statements of attainment need to be in some ways `` unpacked `` in relation to the chosen programme of study and reordered not in sequence of difficulty but in terms of their place in the programme to ensure that opportunities for [evaluation] are capitalised upon .

There has been increasing confusion over the terms `` assessment `` and `` record-keeping `` .
there has been increasing confusion over the terms `` [evaluation] `` and `` record-keeping `` .

As already stated assessment is a daily practice of a good teacher who uses every opportunity to become better informed of the developing abilities of the pupils .
as already stated [evaluation] is a daily practice of a good teacher who uses every opportunity to become better informed of the developing abilities of the pupils .

These are questions which history departments must pose for themselves but it should be borne in mind that it is at the end of the key stage that a final assessment will be required .
these are questions which history departments must pose for themselves but it should be borne in mind that it is at the end of the key stage that a final [evaluation] will be required .

At the end of the key stage , the teacher assessment will be matched to the test results and the pupils awarded a level of attainment .
at the end of the key stage , the teacher [evaluation] will be matched to the test results and the pupils awarded a level of attainment .

The timing of the end of Key Stage 3 assessment does have some knock-on effects .
the timing of the end of key stage 3 [evaluation] does have some knock-on effects .

( 11 ) Do you have a clear assessment policy which conforms to the whole school policy ?
( 11 ) do you have a clear [evaluation] policy which conforms to the whole school policy ?

With the exception of two seminars on the assessment of enterprise skills , the focus on teaching and learning was taken out of the programme and shifted to a two-day conference ( with a menu of sessions to which staff can opt in ) held in June 1993 in conjunction with the Educational Development Unit .
with the exception of two seminars on the [evaluation] of enterprise skills , the focus on teaching and learning was taken out of the programme and shifted to a two-day conference ( with a menu of sessions to which staff can opt in ) held in june 1993 in conjunction with the educational development unit .

assessment of enterprise skills ;
[evaluation] of enterprise skills ;

This involves ensuring that staff gain an awareness of appropriate teaching , learning and assessment methods to allow enterprise skills to be developed and assessed .
this involves ensuring that staff gain an awareness of appropriate teaching , learning and [evaluation] methods to allow enterprise skills to be developed and assessed .

Support in the development of enterprise in different ‘ levels ’ and the assessment of enterprise skills .
support in the development of enterprise in different ‘ levels ’ and the [evaluation] of enterprise skills .

Assessment will be in the form of a personal log and oral presentation .
[evaluation] will be in the form of a personal log and oral presentation .

The Student Enterprise Officer has also been heavily involved in the evaluation process of Enterprise and Modularisation by interviewing groups of students to gauge their opinions of the development and assessment of Enterprise content within modules .
the student enterprise officer has also been heavily involved in the evaluation process of enterprise and modularisation by interviewing groups of students to gauge their opinions of the development and [evaluation] of enterprise content within modules .

It was felt by some students that areas of the ‘ Enterprise ’ component may have been downplayed somewhat if there was no visible link between the ‘ content ’ and assessment ; however , more students expressed the view that they would scrutinise the Enterprise component of future optional and elective modules before selection .
it was felt by some students that areas of the ‘ enterprise ’ component may have been downplayed somewhat if there was no visible link between the ‘ content ’ and [evaluation] ; however , more students expressed the view that they would scrutinise the enterprise component of future optional and elective modules before selection .

In the coming year , following this ‘ pilot ’ evaluation , a more comprehensive evaluation , looking at profiling and assessment of transferable skills , will be carried out .
in the coming year , following this ‘ pilot ’ evaluation , a more comprehensive evaluation , looking at profiling and [evaluation] of transferable skills , will be carried out .

When the ‘ live projects ’ scheme is extended in the coming year more effective evaluation procedures will be developed and will be more comprehensive in relation to the assessment of what ‘ learning ’ and skills development is actually achieved through ‘ employer-based ’ projects .
when the ‘ live projects ’ scheme is extended in the coming year more effective evaluation procedures will be developed and will be more comprehensive in relation to the [evaluation] of what ‘ learning ’ and skills development is actually achieved through ‘ employer-based ’ projects .

The suggestion of the 1977 Review that a comprehensive system of periodic review , analysis and assessment of regional policy should be instigated was upheld , leading to the First Periodic Report .
the suggestion of the 1977 review that a comprehensive system of periodic review , analysis and [evaluation] of regional policy should be instigated was upheld , leading to the first periodic report .

28 ( 1 ) The basis for the assessment of damages referred to in section 27(3) is the difference in value , determined as at the time immediately before the residential occupier ceased to occupy the premises in question as his residence , between — ( a ) the value of the interest if the landlord in default determined on the assumption that the residential occupier continues to have the same right to occupy the premises as before that time ; and ( b ) the value of that interest determined on the assumption that the residential occupier has ceased to have that right .
28 ( 1 ) the basis for the [evaluation] of damages referred to in section 27(3) is the difference in value , determined as at the time immediately before the residential occupier ceased to occupy the premises in question as his residence , between — ( a ) the value of the interest if the landlord in default determined on the assumption that the residential occupier continues to have the same right to occupy the premises as before that time ; and ( b ) the value of that interest determined on the assumption that the residential occupier has ceased to have that right .

— an evaluation or assessment of the qualities of a work or writer , based on arguments presented in the essay ;
— an evaluation or [evaluation] of the qualities of a work or writer , based on arguments presented in the essay ;

Can the use of psychological tests for personnel selection find you the right person for the job ? of The Psychological Corporation Ltd looks at the history of ability and personality tests and compares their predictive validity and cost effectiveness with more traditional types of assessment .
can the use of psychological tests for personnel selection find you the right person for the job ? of the psychological corporation ltd looks at the history of ability and personality tests and compares their predictive validity and cost effectiveness with more traditional types of [evaluation] .

Smith , Gregg and Andrews ( 1989 ) devised the following ranking of selection methods with respect to their predictive validity : graphology and astrology were at the same level as chance prediction , references and interviews were a little higher , then structured interviews , then biodata , personality tests and assessment centres for performance , then ability tests and work sample tests and finally , at the highest level , assessment centres for promotion .
smith , gregg and andrews ( 1989 ) devised the following ranking of selection methods with respect to their predictive validity : graphology and astrology were at the same level as chance prediction , references and interviews were a little higher , then structured interviews , then biodata , personality tests and [evaluation] centres for performance , then ability tests and work sample tests and finally , at the highest level , [evaluation] centres for promotion .

He finds that there are six classes of selection methods with high validity — peer ratings , biodata , ability tests , assessment centres , work sample tests and job knowledge tests , and concludes that ability tests are probably the best alternative because of their high generality , high practicality and low cost .
he finds that there are six classes of selection methods with high validity — peer ratings , biodata , ability tests , [evaluation] centres , work sample tests and job knowledge tests , and concludes that ability tests are probably the best alternative because of their high generality , high practicality and low cost .

To substantiate the continuum hypothesis De Camp and others ( for example , Bickerton , in his detailed studies of Guyanese Creole ) point to the following well-documented facts : few Jamaicans or Guyanese speak Standard English , few speak maximally broad Creole all the time : most speak ( by their own assessment as well as a linguist 's ) something `` in between `` ; and how close to the standard or the broad Creole they speak , is largely a function of their social class .
to substantiate the continuum hypothesis de camp and others ( for example , bickerton , in his detailed studies of guyanese creole ) point to the following well-documented facts : few jamaicans or guyanese speak standard english , few speak maximally broad creole all the time : most speak ( by their own [evaluation] as well as a linguist 's ) something `` in between `` ; and how close to the standard or the broad creole they speak , is largely a function of their social class .

Since there was a belief among many black schoolchildren that the `` fastest in the Borough `` would always be a black child , some made their assessment of ethnicity on this basis rather than a linguistic one .
since there was a belief among many black schoolchildren that the `` fastest in the borough `` would always be a black child , some made their [evaluation] of ethnicity on this basis rather than a linguistic one .

Unfortunately we do not have a detailed , turn-by-turn transcription of her interactions , but it is reasonable to assume that her linguistic accommodation was preceded by an assessment of how her interlocutor might be expected to talk ; in other words , that Sue 's assumption of a persona would be mediated through a stereotype of the linguistic behaviour of the group to which she felt her customer belonged .
unfortunately we do not have a detailed , turn-by-turn transcription of her interactions , but it is reasonable to assume that her linguistic accommodation was preceded by an [evaluation] of how her interlocutor might be expected to talk ; in other words , that sue 's assumption of a persona would be mediated through a stereotype of the linguistic behaviour of the group to which she felt her customer belonged .

Even if it does happen , it does not force the conclusion that speaker 1 has monitored speaker 2 's speech and made an assessment of how often speaker 2 uses that variant .
even if it does happen , it does not force the conclusion that speaker 1 has monitored speaker 2 's speech and made an [evaluation] of how often speaker 2 uses that variant .

The will of King Eadred ( 946 – 55 ) left £1,600 so that his people could redeem themselves from famine or a heathen army , Cnut defeated thirty ships of pirates early in his reign , and Domesday Book says that under Edward the Confessor ( 1042 – 66 ) the hidage ( broadly , tax ) assessment of Fareham in Hampshire was reduced `` on account of the Vikings , because it is on the sea `` .
the will of king eadred ( 946 – 55 ) left £1,600 so that his people could redeem themselves from famine or a heathen army , cnut defeated thirty ships of pirates early in his reign , and domesday book says that under edward the confessor ( 1042 – 66 ) the hidage ( broadly , tax ) [evaluation] of fareham in hampshire was reduced `` on account of the vikings , because it is on the sea `` .

Candidates will be awarded a ‘ pass ’ or a ‘ merit ’ grading on the basis of a compulsory additional assessment .
candidates will be awarded a ‘ pass ’ or a ‘ merit ’ grading on the basis of a compulsory additional [evaluation] .

employ criterion-referenced assessment
employ criterion-referenced [evaluation]

In the end , it was decided that candidates must undertake an extra assessment in addition to their modules , which will be used to distinguish between two levels of achievement : pass and merit .
in the end , it was decided that candidates must undertake an extra [evaluation] in addition to their modules , which will be used to distinguish between two levels of achievement : pass and merit .

So we will be monitoring issues concerning their delivery and assessment .
so we will be monitoring issues concerning their delivery and [evaluation] .

Designed for those offering general SVQs in technology , this initial seminar addressed the issues of access and progression , the additional assessment , and how to ensure effective course management .
designed for those offering general svqs in technology , this initial seminar addressed the issues of access and progression , the additional [evaluation] , and how to ensure effective course management .

An analysis of the survey results , including centres ' responses to the additional assessment , and to the integration of core skills into the awards , is given on page 2 .
an analysis of the survey results , including centres ' responses to the additional [evaluation] , and to the integration of core skills into the awards , is given on page 2 .

One of their main responsibilities will be to verify the additional assessment , and to approve additional assessments which have been designed by individual centres .
one of their main responsibilities will be to verify the additional [evaluation] , and to approve additional assessments which have been designed by individual centres .

Although many commented that it was too early in the session to form definite views , nearly two-thirds of respondents said they thought the additional assessment was an appropriate assessment method .
although many commented that it was too early in the session to form definite views , nearly two-thirds of respondents said they thought the additional [evaluation] was an appropriate [evaluation] method .

However , around half had some concerns about awarding merit on the basis of the additional assessment .
however , around half had some concerns about awarding merit on the basis of the additional [evaluation] .

Assessment of the placement , which counts towards the Work Experience 2 module , focuses on students ’ planning for the placement , a log book kept during the experience , and a final discussion between the student and a member of staff .
[evaluation] of the placement , which counts towards the work experience 2 module , focuses on students ’ planning for the placement , a log book kept during the experience , and a final discussion between the student and a member of staff .

The student 's supervisor on the placement is also interviewed as part of the assessment of the student 's performance .
the student 's supervisor on the placement is also interviewed as part of the [evaluation] of the student 's performance .

We now offer delivery and assessment help to four schools in our area .
we now offer delivery and [evaluation] help to four schools in our area .

The timetabling implications of the additional assessment , and of cross-module assessments generally were discussed .
the timetabling implications of the additional [evaluation] , and of cross-module assessments generally were discussed .

the additional assessment
the additional [evaluation]

integrated delivery and assessment
integrated delivery and [evaluation]

The groups discussed the need to timetable work required for the additional assessment , difficulties in applying merit criteria , and the need for considerable staff development in the area of integrated delivery and assessment .
the groups discussed the need to timetable work required for the additional [evaluation] , difficulties in applying merit criteria , and the need for considerable staff development in the area of integrated delivery and [evaluation] .

In a wide-ranging discussion , the groups emphasised the importance of cross-departmental liaison in integrating delivery and assessment , and the time and resources required for the additional assessment .
in a wide-ranging discussion , the groups emphasised the importance of cross-departmental liaison in integrating delivery and [evaluation] , and the time and resources required for the additional [evaluation] .

Areas of particular interest to the delegates at these seminars were the issues of cross-module assessment and the additional assessment .
areas of particular interest to the delegates at these seminars were the issues of cross-module [evaluation] and the additional [evaluation] .

At the November seminar , delegates considered one centre-devised project specification for the additional assessment , providing advice and feedback to the centre concerned .
at the november seminar , delegates considered one centre-devised project specification for the additional [evaluation] , providing advice and feedback to the centre concerned .

Tackling the additional assessment at West Lothian
tackling the additional [evaluation] at west lothian

We had initial difficulties in integrating aspects of course delivery and assessment , largely due to the timing of the new qualification .
we had initial difficulties in integrating aspects of course delivery and [evaluation] , largely due to the timing of the new qualification .

It has been vital to let these colleagues know what will be required of students in the additional assessment , so that they can plan their course work accordingly .
it has been vital to let these colleagues know what will be required of students in the additional [evaluation] , so that they can plan their course work accordingly .

The additional assessment is clearly a lot of work for students .
the additional [evaluation] is clearly a lot of work for students .

However , material on the additional assessment will this time be incorporated into the subject-specific material , rather than being produced as a separate document .
however , material on the additional [evaluation] will this time be incorporated into the subject-specific material , rather than being produced as a separate document .

These provide advice on access to and progression from each of the new awards , and on designing and running cross-module assessment .
these provide advice on access to and progression from each of the new awards , and on designing and running cross-module [evaluation] .

The additional assessment is a sensible and welcome attempt to differentiate students ' performance by assessing higher-order skills .
the additional [evaluation] is a sensible and welcome attempt to differentiate students ' performance by assessing higher-order skills .

We will also plan the additional assessment earlier , introducing it to students in October .
we will also plan the additional [evaluation] earlier , introducing it to students in october .

Coming up to the additional assessment
coming up to the additional [evaluation]

We had a head start as far as integration is concerned , because last year we offered a business administration ‘ fast track ’ access course which involved a lot of integrated teaching and assessment .
we had a head start as far as integration is concerned , because last year we offered a business administration ‘ fast track ’ access course which involved a lot of integrated teaching and [evaluation] .

We decided to schedule an hour and a half each week for work on the additional assessment , and this seems to have been a successful approach .
we decided to schedule an hour and a half each week for work on the additional [evaluation] , and this seems to have been a successful approach .

We have found it particularly important to develop candidate materials to explain the additional assessment in language suitable for our trainees .
we have found it particularly important to develop candidate materials to explain the additional [evaluation] in language suitable for our trainees .

the additional assessment and integration
the additional [evaluation] and integration

This year , we 've not had time to integrate teaching and assessment of core skills into vocational areas .
this year , we 've not had time to integrate teaching and [evaluation] of core skills into vocational areas .

For instance , when students are writing a letter as part of their job-seeking assessment , it could also be assessed for the communication module .
for instance , when students are writing a letter as part of their job-seeking [evaluation] , it could also be assessed for the communication module .

schedule assessments , especially the additional assessment
schedule assessments , especially the additional [evaluation]

integrate delivery and assessment
integrate delivery and [evaluation]

establish responsibility for the additional assessment
establish responsibility for the additional [evaluation]

The delegates exchanged views on their experiences of the first six months of the pilot and considered the problems of offering general SVQs in a remote area , school-college partnerships , and the additional assessment , and produced a checklist of advice for new piloting centres ( see opposite ) .
the delegates exchanged views on their experiences of the first six months of the pilot and considered the problems of offering general svqs in a remote area , school-college partnerships , and the additional [evaluation] , and produced a checklist of advice for new piloting centres ( see opposite ) .

Information sessions will cover the first year of the pilot and one college 's experience of offering the additional assessment .
information sessions will cover the first year of the pilot and one college 's experience of offering the additional [evaluation] .

experience of the additional assessment
experience of the additional [evaluation]

the additional assessment .
the additional [evaluation] .

Before rising population and inflating prices for necessaries began to increase the burden on rate-payers from the last third of the century , the relief of the village and small-town poor seems to have been based on humane assessment of need and sufficient relief .
before rising population and inflating prices for necessaries began to increase the burden on rate-payers from the last third of the century , the relief of the village and small-town poor seems to have been based on humane [evaluation] of need and sufficient relief .

But how much importance , as with the question of its role in averting revolution , depends upon an assessment of Methodist strength .
but how much importance , as with the question of its role in averting revolution , depends upon an [evaluation] of methodist strength .

Money-wage data and real-wage series based on full-time adult male earnings have serious limitations in the assessment of living stan-dards but can convey much useful information on the wage economy .
money-wage data and real-wage series based on full-time adult male earnings have serious limitations in the [evaluation] of living stan-dards but can convey much useful information on the wage economy .

Dr Horn 's assessment is that by the 1790s the southern farm labourer 's standard of living had been falling for thirty years , and that an increase of around 85 per cent in money wages over the war years kept it just about level up to 1815 .
dr horn 's [evaluation] is that by the 1790s the southern farm labourer 's standard of living had been falling for thirty years , and that an increase of around 85 per cent in money wages over the war years kept it just about level up to 1815 .

Most recent historians would agree that the Hammonds were much too reluctant to accept that there was even serious talk of revolution , although the majority do not go so far as Thompson in their assessment of the seriousness of the threat .
most recent historians would agree that the hammonds were much too reluctant to accept that there was even serious talk of revolution , although the majority do not go so far as thompson in their [evaluation] of the seriousness of the threat .

Please list the training the job holder has undertaken during the assessment period .
please list the training the job holder has undertaken during the [evaluation] period .

Comparison — a determination of whether the defendant has copied a substantial part of the protected expression — whether any aspect has been copied and , if so , an assessment of the copied portion 's relative importance in respect of the plaintiff 's overall program .
comparison — a determination of whether the defendant has copied a substantial part of the protected expression — whether any aspect has been copied and , if so , an [evaluation] of the copied portion 's relative importance in respect of the plaintiff 's overall program .

Or have gained the appropriate number of points through the licentiate assessment scheme .
or have gained the appropriate number of points through the licentiate [evaluation] scheme .

In the first category , for senior managers , a person is eligible for licentiateship if he is a manager of at least 25 years of age , holds an executive post and has experience of education or both which earns at least 60 points on a special assessment scale .
in the first category , for senior managers , a person is eligible for licentiateship if he is a manager of at least 25 years of age , holds an executive post and has experience of education or both which earns at least 60 points on a special [evaluation] scale .

The counselling of licentiate members and assessment of in-company and management development courses and the assessment of exemption applicants are also part of their joint responsibilities .
the counselling of licentiate members and [evaluation] of in-company and management development courses and the [evaluation] of exemption applicants are also part of their joint responsibilities .

Nonetheless the characterization of the fabliau writer in the text is a worthwhile subject of study , for an assessment of the tone of the fabliau beyond anything it might tell us of the usual origins of such texts .
nonetheless the characterization of the fabliau writer in the text is a worthwhile subject of study , for an [evaluation] of the tone of the fabliau beyond anything it might tell us of the usual origins of such texts .

Such a disruption corresponds to the critical assessment by Chaucer of the features of another category , the genre of fabliau itself , through this tale .
such a disruption corresponds to the critical [evaluation] by chaucer of the features of another category , the genre of fabliau itself , through this tale .

In the next few years , the whole structure of training in the industry will have changed , with new methods of acquiring qualifications and new methods of assessment .
in the next few years , the whole structure of training in the industry will have changed , with new methods of acquiring qualifications and new methods of [evaluation] .

With the introduction of National Vocational Qualifications , people undertaking training in the industry will have to become accustomed to new programmes of training and assessment , new City and Guilds numbers and new methods of assessment and testing as an essential part of their career pattern .
with the introduction of national vocational qualifications , people undertaking training in the industry will have to become accustomed to new programmes of training and [evaluation] , new city and guilds numbers and new methods of [evaluation] and testing as an essential part of their career pattern .

The methods of assessment are far more flexible , so that trainees can acquire qualifications whenever they wish and not , solely , at a formal end of term examination .
the methods of [evaluation] are far more flexible , so that trainees can acquire qualifications whenever they wish and not , solely , at a formal end of term examination .

With NVQs a trainee can trigger a demand for assessment whenever he or she reaches competence .
with nvqs a trainee can trigger a demand for [evaluation] whenever he or she reaches competence .

The one proviso here is that assessment centres , whether based in college or at work , have to be approved by City and Guilds as an Awarding Body .
the one proviso here is that [evaluation] centres , whether based in college or at work , have to be approved by city and guilds as an awarding body .

The method of assessment will rest on observing the trainee 's performance at work with questions supplementing underpinning knowledge where necessary .
the method of [evaluation] will rest on observing the trainee 's performance at work with questions supplementing underpinning knowledge where necessary .

As with every system of national qualifications , it is the quality assurance and control of assessment of NVQs which is vitally important .
as with every system of national qualifications , it is the quality assurance and control of [evaluation] of nvqs which is vitally important .

To achieve this , and to ensure that the quality of assessment is embedded in the system from the outset , a system of quality assurance and control has been established .
to achieve this , and to ensure that the quality of [evaluation] is embedded in the system from the outset , a system of quality assurance and control has been established .

Throughout the course , on the spot assessment and advice both from personnel officers and from senior bakery specialists in a regular occurrence .
throughout the course , on the spot [evaluation] and advice both from personnel officers and from senior bakery specialists in a regular occurrence .

The company take great pride in their recruitment techniques which , for catering site managers , include psychometric personality testing , matching character assessment , aptitude and intelligence with a predetermined profile .
the company take great pride in their recruitment techniques which , for catering site managers , include psychometric personality testing , matching character [evaluation] , aptitude and intelligence with a predetermined profile .

For smaller firms there will be exciting new opportunities to liaise with colleges whose training facilities are being restructured as realistic working environments for the purpose of assessment of competence .
for smaller firms there will be exciting new opportunities to liaise with colleges whose training facilities are being restructured as realistic working environments for the purpose of [evaluation] of competence .

Increasingly it will be possible to develop very flexible delivery arrangements for NVQs , including a mix of assessment in the workplace and in a college environment .
increasingly it will be possible to develop very flexible delivery arrangements for nvqs , including a mix of [evaluation] in the workplace and in a college environment .

Assessment of how successful an event has been depends largely on feedback , and , if possible , the organisers should get together afterwards to hear comments and take note for future reference .
[evaluation] of how successful an event has been depends largely on feedback , and , if possible , the organisers should get together afterwards to hear comments and take note for future reference .

The mines went from bad to worse and during 1579 Höchstetter proposed that shareholders be levied an assessment of 14 per share , or , that the mines be leased to him .
the mines went from bad to worse and during 1579 höchstetter proposed that shareholders be levied an [evaluation] of 14 per share , or , that the mines be leased to him .

The first half-year was to he duty free and clear of all taxes `` impositions and assessment whatsoever which may be imposed by act of Parliament or otherwise howsoever … ``
the first half-year was to he duty free and clear of all taxes `` impositions and [evaluation] whatsoever which may be imposed by act of parliament or otherwise howsoever … ``

The teacher 's assessment of a student 's abilities in the four language skills , based on the student 's classroom performance .
the teacher 's [evaluation] of a student 's abilities in the four language skills , based on the student 's classroom performance .

The assessment of a student 's mastery of specific elements which have been taught , in order to determine what still remains to be mastered .
the [evaluation] of a student 's mastery of specific elements which have been taught , in order to determine what still remains to be mastered .

The general assessment at the end of a course of instruction ; the evaluation is usually made for grading purposes .
the general [evaluation] at the end of a course of instruction ; the evaluation is usually made for grading purposes .

An analysis and assessment of the findings of previous catalogue use studies may shed some light on the users ' apparent change of heart towards the library catalogue since the advent of online systems .
an analysis and [evaluation] of the findings of previous catalogue use studies may shed some light on the users ' apparent change of heart towards the library catalogue since the advent of online systems .

In addition , such measures are also geared to the assessment of the catalogue as a finding tool for known-item searches .
in addition , such measures are also geared to the [evaluation] of the catalogue as a finding tool for known-item searches .

It means that the starting point for the plan is not a strategic concept of the future but an assessment of the resources of the present .
it means that the starting point for the plan is not a strategic concept of the future but an [evaluation] of the resources of the present .

The median and minimum of the readings for each patient were used for intergroup comparisons and for assessment of the relationship between blood flow and endoscopic grade .
the median and minimum of the readings for each patient were used for intergroup comparisons and for [evaluation] of the relationship between blood flow and endoscopic grade .

Ambulatory pH monitoring is a well established technique for the assessment of gastro-oesophageal reflux .
ambulatory ph monitoring is a well established technique for the [evaluation] of gastro-oesophageal reflux .

Qualitative and quantitative assessment of the refluxate during these times of normal pH awaits developments in new biotechnology .
qualitative and quantitative [evaluation] of the refluxate during these times of normal ph awaits developments in new biotechnology .

After viability assessment using trypan blue exclusion , the total cell number was determined at 7 , 14 , and 21 days by counting at least three samples from each concentration using a haemocytometer .
after viability [evaluation] using trypan blue exclusion , the total cell number was determined at 7 , 14 , and 21 days by counting at least three samples from each concentration using a haemocytometer .

The primary end point was the investigator 's overall assessment of response .
the primary end point was the investigator 's overall [evaluation] of response .

Patient 's assessment , sigmoidoscopic appearance , and histology were also studied .
patient 's [evaluation] , sigmoidoscopic appearance , and histology were also studied .

The primary end points were ascertained at day 28 as ( a ) the investigator 's overall assessment of the patient 's condition compared with pretreatment , ‘ investigator 's assessment ’ , ( b ) the patient 's assessment of remission as recorded in the diary card , ‘ patient 's assessment ’ , and ( c ) the sigmoidoscopy score .
the primary end points were ascertained at day 28 as ( a ) the investigator 's overall [evaluation] of the patient 's condition compared with pretreatment , ‘ investigator 's [evaluation] ’ , ( b ) the patient 's [evaluation] of remission as recorded in the diary card , ‘ patient 's [evaluation] ’ , and ( c ) the sigmoidoscopy score .

Improvement occurred earlier in the prednisolone group , and at two weeks there was a significant difference in the investigator 's assessment in favour of prednisolone .
improvement occurred earlier in the prednisolone group , and at two weeks there was a significant difference in the investigator 's [evaluation] in favour of prednisolone .

The present prospective study was designed to evaluate all patients with symptoms of gastrooesophageal reflux , who were submitted to a clinical assessment over a period of time .
the present prospective study was designed to evaluate all patients with symptoms of gastrooesophageal reflux , who were submitted to a clinical [evaluation] over a period of time .

The presence of zymogen granules in the lysosome enriched fraction did not interfere with the assessment of lysosomal stability as this was measured using enzyme markers specific for lysosomes ( vide infra ) .
the presence of zymogen granules in the lysosome enriched fraction did not interfere with the [evaluation] of lysosomal stability as this was measured using enzyme markers specific for lysosomes ( vide infra ) .

On the other hand , assessment of morphological changes has more often been used in the diagnosis and assessment of intestinal pathology or in studies on intestinal development during fetal life .
on the other hand , [evaluation] of morphological changes has more often been used in the diagnosis and [evaluation] of intestinal pathology or in studies on intestinal development during fetal life .

Accurate assessment of mucosal eicosanoid concentrations is notoriously difficult .
accurate [evaluation] of mucosal eicosanoid concentrations is notoriously difficult .

Endoscopic and radiological methods of assessment are invasive , need bowel preparation and are not suitable for all patients , particularly when repeated examinations are required .
endoscopic and radiological methods of [evaluation] are invasive , need bowel preparation and are not suitable for all patients , particularly when repeated examinations are required .

Bowel scintigraphy using Indium-111 labelled leucocytes has been applied to the assessment of disease extent and activity in Crohn 's disease .
bowel scintigraphy using indium-111 labelled leucocytes has been applied to the [evaluation] of disease extent and activity in crohn 's disease .

Early results showed that bowel scans correlate with radiological , endoscopic , and histological methods of assessment .
early results showed that bowel scans correlate with radiological , endoscopic , and histological methods of [evaluation] .

The ideal test for the assessment of disease activity in Crohn 's disease should be simple , objective , reliable , and amenable to serial measurements to allow the assessment of various therapeutic interventions , particularly in severely ill patients who usually tolerate other invasive diagnostic tests badly .
the ideal test for the [evaluation] of disease activity in crohn 's disease should be simple , objective , reliable , and amenable to serial measurements to allow the [evaluation] of various therapeutic interventions , particularly in severely ill patients who usually tolerate other invasive diagnostic tests badly .

The use of radiolabelled leucocytes to localise and estimate disease activity in inflammatory bowel disease provides an objective technique for the assessment of disease activity .
the use of radiolabelled leucocytes to localise and estimate disease activity in inflammatory bowel disease provides an objective technique for the [evaluation] of disease activity .

In all patients and healthy controls , a 5 ml venous blood sample for plasma fatty acid measurement was drawn after a 14 hour overnight fast at the same time that full clinical assessment was performed .
in all patients and healthy controls , a 5 ml venous blood sample for plasma fatty acid measurement was drawn after a 14 hour overnight fast at the same time that full clinical [evaluation] was performed .

With this in mind perhaps an emphasis needs to be placed on the more practical application of embalming and a greater value placed on course examinations and assessment .
with this in mind perhaps an emphasis needs to be placed on the more practical application of embalming and a greater value placed on course examinations and [evaluation] .

An employer will have to write down the assessment as a record only if it is too complex to repeat when necessary .
an employer will have to write down the [evaluation] as a record only if it is too complex to repeat when necessary .

The pack also includes general guidance for employers and employees on the prevention of work-related musculo-skeletal disorders , and an assessment checklist designed to help most employers who have to carry out an assessment of their manual handling operations to do so quickly and at minimum cost .
the pack also includes general guidance for employers and employees on the prevention of work-related musculo-skeletal disorders , and an [evaluation] checklist designed to help most employers who have to carry out an [evaluation] of their manual handling operations to do so quickly and at minimum cost .

Each student will have their own coursework folder , and in it keep all of their work including the question paper set by the tutor , their answers and a copy of the tutor 's assessment , for each of the five subject areas .
each student will have their own coursework folder , and in it keep all of their work including the question paper set by the tutor , their answers and a copy of the tutor 's [evaluation] , for each of the five subject areas .

Patients were followed up for six months with ultrasound and assessment of symptoms .
patients were followed up for six months with ultrasound and [evaluation] of symptoms .

Quantitative assessment of microvessel profiles was performed under 500× magnification and expressed as the mean number of microvessels per microscopical field .
quantitative [evaluation] of microvessel profiles was performed under 500× magnification and expressed as the mean number of microvessels per microscopical field .

One scintigraphic assessment of gastric emptying and intestinal transit ( in patient 5 ) , one urine collection for the double sugar lactulose/ rhamnose permeability test ( patient 10 ) and one faecal fat estimation ( in patient 11 ) were lost .
one scintigraphic [evaluation] of gastric emptying and intestinal transit ( in patient 5 ) , one urine collection for the double sugar lactulose/ rhamnose permeability test ( patient 10 ) and one faecal fat estimation ( in patient 11 ) were lost .

This assessment took the form of a standard preconstructed quality of life questionnaire that was presented to the patients a median of 12 ( three to 24 ) months after operation .
this [evaluation] took the form of a standard preconstructed quality of life questionnaire that was presented to the patients a median of 12 ( three to 24 ) months after operation .

All patients routinely underwent clinical assessment of continence before operation .
all patients routinely underwent clinical [evaluation] of continence before operation .

The patterns of referral to our laboratory were similar to those experienced elsewhere , except for a significant number of rheumatology patients , with 11.2% of all patients referred for assessment of suspected connective tissue disease .
the patterns of referral to our laboratory were similar to those experienced elsewhere , except for a significant number of rheumatology patients , with 11.2% of all patients referred for [evaluation] of suspected connective tissue disease .

The data are consistent with detailed histopathological assessment showing that the mucosal neutrophils in ulcerative colitis are activated and show ultrastructural evidence of phagocytosis and granular extrusion .
the data are consistent with detailed histopathological [evaluation] showing that the mucosal neutrophils in ulcerative colitis are activated and show ultrastructural evidence of phagocytosis and granular extrusion .

Thus , smoking , an ulcer diameter greater than 15 mm , prior slow healing , multiple ulcers , and prior complications were considered to be clinically relevant risk factors for slow healing since , alone or in combination with another risk factor , they were associated with decreased healing rates at two or more of the two , four , and eight week assessment points .
thus , smoking , an ulcer diameter greater than 15 mm , prior slow healing , multiple ulcers , and prior complications were considered to be clinically relevant risk factors for slow healing since , alone or in combination with another risk factor , they were associated with decreased healing rates at two or more of the two , four , and eight week [evaluation] points .

In the present study , five risk factors were considered to be clinically relevant because they were associated , at a minimum of two assessment points , with a decreased healing rate .
in the present study , five risk factors were considered to be clinically relevant because they were associated , at a minimum of two [evaluation] points , with a decreased healing rate .

Twenty mls of whole blood was also collected into empty vacutainers before and at the end of the one month trial period for analysis of serum vitamins , as an assessment of compliance to the supplementation .
twenty mls of whole blood was also collected into empty vacutainers before and at the end of the one month trial period for analysis of serum vitamins , as an [evaluation] of compliance to the supplementation .

As a result of this study full colonic assessment seemed to be required in patients with iron deficiency anaemia regardless of the findings of upper gastrointestinal investigations .
as a result of this study full colonic [evaluation] seemed to be required in patients with iron deficiency anaemia regardless of the findings of upper gastrointestinal investigations .

The results of automated full blood counts ( both lowest documented and on first outpatient attendance ) and an assessment of iron store state ( with serum iron , total iron binding capacity or ferritin , or both ) were recorded .
the results of automated full blood counts ( both lowest documented and on first outpatient attendance ) and an [evaluation] of iron store state ( with serum iron , total iron binding capacity or ferritin , or both ) were recorded .

Only in two of the 93 patients who had both endoscopy and colonic assessment was colonic neoplasia ( in each case a small < 5 mm adenoma ) found to coexist with an upper gastrointestinal lesion ( a gastric ulcer and grade 2 oesophagitis ) .
only in two of the 93 patients who had both endoscopy and colonic [evaluation] was colonic neoplasia ( in each case a small < 5 mm adenoma ) found to coexist with an upper gastrointestinal lesion ( a gastric ulcer and grade 2 oesophagitis ) .

The clinical diagnosis of colorectal carcinoma was made after the first assessment by the clinician in 13 cases ; four of five cases with carcinoma and nine of 88 without carcinoma giving a sensitivity of 80 % and specificity of 90 % .
the clinical diagnosis of colorectal carcinoma was made after the first [evaluation] by the clinician in 13 cases ; four of five cases with carcinoma and nine of 88 without carcinoma giving a sensitivity of 80 % and specificity of 90 % .

Thus the routine assessment of the colon in outpatients when an alternative cause for anaemia has been found must be questioned , especially in younger patients without a family history or previous colonic polyps .
thus the routine [evaluation] of the colon in outpatients when an alternative cause for anaemia has been found must be questioned , especially in younger patients without a family history or previous colonic polyps .

Mandatory colonic assessment in all patients as recently suggested seems inappropriate .
mandatory colonic [evaluation] in all patients as recently suggested seems inappropriate .

Assessment of the current risk of anthranoid laxatives and their possible role in colorectal cancer has to consider the following :
[evaluation] of the current risk of anthranoid laxatives and their possible role in colorectal cancer has to consider the following :

Risk assessment for anthranoid laxatives is based on accumulated evidence for a genotoxic potential of some aglycosidic anthranoids and on in vivo carcinogenicity studies in rodents .
risk [evaluation] for anthranoid laxatives is based on accumulated evidence for a genotoxic potential of some aglycosidic anthranoids and on in vivo carcinogenicity studies in rodents .

The purpose of this study was to evaluate the longterm clinical and endoscopical effects of Nissen fundoplication performed for reflux , including assessment of oesophageal function .
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the longterm clinical and endoscopical effects of nissen fundoplication performed for reflux , including [evaluation] of oesophageal function .

In this study , there was no objective assessment made by endoscopy or any other procedure to record the effect of surgery in terms of healing or otherwise of the oesophagitis .
in this study , there was no objective [evaluation] made by endoscopy or any other procedure to record the effect of surgery in terms of healing or otherwise of the oesophagitis .

Distribution of mucosal pathology and an assessment of colonic phenotypic change in the pelvic ileal reservoir
distribution of mucosal pathology and an [evaluation] of colonic phenotypic change in the pelvic ileal reservoir

Endoscopic examination of the ileal mucosa included a macroscopic assessment of the pouch mucosa and entry into the afferent ileal limb . Two biopsy specimens were taken using standard biopsy forceps from four consistent sites :
endoscopic examination of the ileal mucosa included a macroscopic [evaluation] of the pouch mucosa and entry into the afferent ileal limb . two biopsy specimens were taken using standard biopsy forceps from four consistent sites :

Because endoscopic follow up was inconsistent , we did not attempt to make an assessment of endoscopic disease activity during the treatment period .
because endoscopic follow up was inconsistent , we did not attempt to make an [evaluation] of endoscopic disease activity during the treatment period .

Laboratory assessment was performed every two weeks during the treatment period and every four to six weeks after discontinuation of therapy .
laboratory [evaluation] was performed every two weeks during the treatment period and every four to six weeks after discontinuation of therapy .

The staining frequently obscured the nucleus making assessment of the presence of nuclear staining difficult .
the staining frequently obscured the nucleus making [evaluation] of the presence of nuclear staining difficult .

Non-invasive assessment of gastrointestinal motility disorders in diabetic patients with and without cardiovascular signs of autonomic neuropathy
non-invasive [evaluation] of gastrointestinal motility disorders in diabetic patients with and without cardiovascular signs of autonomic neuropathy

The test battery for cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy assessment included beat-to-beat variation at rest and during forced respiration , heart rate response to standing , and Valsalva manoeuvre .
the test battery for cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy [evaluation] included beat-to-beat variation at rest and during forced respiration , heart rate response to standing , and valsalva manoeuvre .

In the assessment of the nutritional status of preoperative patients , the predictive validity of the serum albumin concentration ( with its half-life=19 days ) is greatly enhanced when combined with a plasma protein with a short half-life , such as retinol binding protein ( half-life=2 days ) .
in the [evaluation] of the nutritional status of preoperative patients , the predictive validity of the serum albumin concentration ( with its half-life=19 days ) is greatly enhanced when combined with a plasma protein with a short half-life , such as retinol binding protein ( half-life=2 days ) .

In the high grade group in this series , surgery , chemotherapy , or the combination of both , did not influence survival and the effectiveness of the different modes of treatment needs further assessment .
in the high grade group in this series , surgery , chemotherapy , or the combination of both , did not influence survival and the effectiveness of the different modes of treatment needs further [evaluation] .

In one group , the stomachs were immediately excised , while in the other group the stomachs were perfused with saline for 180 minutes after the perfusion of ethanol , and unless stated , before they were processed for assessment of injury .
in one group , the stomachs were immediately excised , while in the other group the stomachs were perfused with saline for 180 minutes after the perfusion of ethanol , and unless stated , before they were processed for [evaluation] of injury .

It has been shown to correlate well with the assessment of splenic function by other methods in patients with treated adult coeliac disease and in such cases there is a correlation between splenic function and splenic volume computed from scintiscans after injection of radiolabelled heat damaged red cells or 9 9 m Tc labelled sulphur colloid .
it has been shown to correlate well with the [evaluation] of splenic function by other methods in patients with treated adult coeliac disease and in such cases there is a correlation between splenic function and splenic volume computed from scintiscans after injection of radiolabelled heat damaged red cells or 9 9 m tc labelled sulphur colloid .

Case records were retrieved and examined to established if these patients would have been suitable for transplant assessment , either on the basis of poor quality of life or expected survival , in the absence of transplantation , of less than one year .
case records were retrieved and examined to established if these patients would have been suitable for transplant [evaluation] , either on the basis of poor quality of life or expected survival , in the absence of transplantation , of less than one year .

In alcoholic liver disease , transplant assessment was considered appropriate in the case of sustained abstinence following medical advice .
in alcoholic liver disease , transplant [evaluation] was considered appropriate in the case of sustained abstinence following medical advice .

The sweat spot test is an easy , inexpensive method to test this hypothesis and should have a place in the clinical assessment of slow transit constipated patients .
the sweat spot test is an easy , inexpensive method to test this hypothesis and should have a place in the clinical [evaluation] of slow transit constipated patients .

Reports from each department — including staffing , aims and objectives , assessment of pupils , examination results , accommodation , capitation , resources and policies and procedures within the department .
reports from each department — including staffing , aims and objectives , [evaluation] of pupils , examination results , accommodation , capitation , resources and policies and procedures within the department .

The first part of the report dealt briefly with the school 's history , philosophy , environment and accommodation , parents and community , capitation , staffing , policy and decision-making structure , curriculum , multicultural education , equal opportunities , language across the curriculum , assessment of pupils and personal and social education .
the first part of the report dealt briefly with the school 's history , philosophy , environment and accommodation , parents and community , capitation , staffing , policy and decision-making structure , curriculum , multicultural education , equal opportunities , language across the curriculum , [evaluation] of pupils and personal and social education .

From this debate about assessment came the idea of videoing lessons .
from this debate about [evaluation] came the idea of videoing lessons .

The monitoring should be open to internal criticism and external assessment from time to time if this is agreed on .
the monitoring should be open to internal criticism and external [evaluation] from time to time if this is agreed on .

To study the assessment and evaluation procedure of pupils and assist in its improvement if necessary .
to study the [evaluation] and evaluation procedure of pupils and assist in its improvement if necessary .

Head of Department : ‘ We make an assessment on three criteria , then combine them to give a mark out of 10 . ’
head of department : ‘ we make an [evaluation] on three criteria , then combine them to give a mark out of 10 . ’

The Head of Department then went through the objectives one at a time and satisfied the Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) and the Director of Studies that , with different emphases , the objectives were all subsumed in the 3 criteria for the assessment of pupils ' work . ( verified note of meeting )
the head of department then went through the objectives one at a time and satisfied the deputy head ( curriculum ) and the director of studies that , with different emphases , the objectives were all subsumed in the 3 criteria for the [evaluation] of pupils ' work . ( verified note of meeting )

The Director of Studies then asked why the syllabus did not set out the relationship between assessment criteria and objectives more explicitly .
the director of studies then asked why the syllabus did not set out the relationship between [evaluation] criteria and objectives more explicitly .

This session ended with the Head of Department visibly upset by the criticisms over output , particularly homework , and it was decided that an extra session should be arranged in order further to explore issues in evaluation and assessment .
this session ended with the head of department visibly upset by the criticisms over output , particularly homework , and it was decided that an extra session should be arranged in order further to explore issues in evaluation and [evaluation] .

The relationship between objectives and evaluation and assessment is clearly stated and is practically based .
the relationship between objectives and evaluation and [evaluation] is clearly stated and is practically based .

Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) : ‘ The syllabus should be a working document throughout , in the same way that it is in the section on assessment and objectives .
deputy head ( curriculum ) : ‘ the syllabus should be a working document throughout , in the same way that it is in the section on [evaluation] and objectives .

The sections of the booklet which seem most commonly to have been used concerned : the pastoral system ; school ‘ climate ’ and discipline ; pupil assessment and record keeping ; and the section on evaluating a lesson .
the sections of the booklet which seem most commonly to have been used concerned : the pastoral system ; school ‘ climate ’ and discipline ; pupil [evaluation] and record keeping ; and the section on evaluating a lesson .

Assessment of Risk
[evaluation] of risk

Such an initial assessment , based on the information available at the time , is the prior probability of success .
such an initial [evaluation] , based on the information available at the time , is the prior probability of success .

Pope John Paul 's outspoken words on behalf of a church which he deems to have been ‘ driven into the catacombs ’ reflect a worried assessment by the Secretariat of State , the Vatican 's Foreign Office , that Mr Gorbachev 's authority may come under increasing threat and that the Church should therefore exploit Soviet liberalisation for all it is worth .
pope john paul 's outspoken words on behalf of a church which he deems to have been ‘ driven into the catacombs ’ reflect a worried [evaluation] by the secretariat of state , the vatican 's foreign office , that mr gorbachev 's authority may come under increasing threat and that the church should therefore exploit soviet liberalisation for all it is worth .

Nobody seemed particularly startled by her assessment of their situation .
nobody seemed particularly startled by her [evaluation] of their situation .

The test had obviously failed to give a true assessment of the intelligence of the horses .
the test had obviously failed to give a true [evaluation] of the intelligence of the horses .

It 's not ‘ playing the game ’ that is most important ; it 's winning , and a professional assessment of which methods will achieve that .
it 's not ‘ playing the game ’ that is most important ; it 's winning , and a professional [evaluation] of which methods will achieve that .

If they do n't like it , well there 's always Neighbours to go home to … ’ It is an able assessment which completely tallies with Kylie 's own view on her career to date .
if they do n't like it , well there 's always neighbours to go home to … ’ it is an able [evaluation] which completely tallies with kylie 's own view on her career to date .

The distribution of the hoards does not correspond with either population or wealth , in as much as these are revealed by documented figures such as the Ship Money Assessment of 1636 .
the distribution of the hoards does not correspond with either population or wealth , in as much as these are revealed by documented figures such as the ship money [evaluation] of 1636 .

Even the most positivist anthropologist , knowing the statistical significance of categories of population , would not have been immune from a romantic curiosity , would perhaps have spent more time visiting this wastefully subsidized relic of the past than a cool assessment of scientific value could warrant .
even the most positivist anthropologist , knowing the statistical significance of categories of population , would not have been immune from a romantic curiosity , would perhaps have spent more time visiting this wastefully subsidized relic of the past than a cool [evaluation] of scientific value could warrant .

At first sight they seemed distinct : voting patterns were not related to policy issues ; people spoke of their voting intentions in terms of fraternal solidarities , while they conducted a subtle and nuanced assessment of the effects of government on their own lives and on national prestige .
at first sight they seemed distinct : voting patterns were not related to policy issues ; people spoke of their voting intentions in terms of fraternal solidarities , while they conducted a subtle and nuanced [evaluation] of the effects of government on their own lives and on national prestige .

Like most human beings of whatever condition or culture who send out and receive such close scrutiny in a public place the two of them dimly sensed at one tissue-thin layer within the oldest parts of themselves that the strangely alternating processes of mutual assessment had not been entirely used up .
like most human beings of whatever condition or culture who send out and receive such close scrutiny in a public place the two of them dimly sensed at one tissue-thin layer within the oldest parts of themselves that the strangely alternating processes of mutual [evaluation] had not been entirely used up .

Chris Plumridge with an assessment of the unfamiliar side of a familiar course
chris plumridge with an [evaluation] of the unfamiliar side of a familiar course

National Westminster Bank , in its 10 points to remember for would-be choosers of a franchise operation , says : ‘ Make a personal assessment of the franchiser 's management skills and track record .
national westminster bank , in its 10 points to remember for would-be choosers of a franchise operation , says : ‘ make a personal [evaluation] of the franchiser 's management skills and track record .

While the good to soft surface suited Pursuit of Love , Sheikh Mohammed 's Steinbeck found conditions against him and Steve Cauthen 's assessment was favourable .
while the good to soft surface suited pursuit of love , sheikh mohammed 's steinbeck found conditions against him and steve cauthen 's [evaluation] was favourable .

The important thing is the quality of our syllabuses and schemes of assessment , and we already offer the lowest level of fee possible .
the important thing is the quality of our syllabuses and schemes of [evaluation] , and we already offer the lowest level of fee possible .

It is a rolling assessment , which is recosted every year in the late summer so that the effects of financial targets set by the Treasury for the coming year can be fully assessed before the Cabinet starts its Public Expenditure Review in the autumn .
it is a rolling [evaluation] , which is recosted every year in the late summer so that the effects of financial targets set by the treasury for the coming year can be fully assessed before the cabinet starts its public expenditure review in the autumn .

It was the fall of King Farouk of Egypt in July 1952 and the subsequent rise of Colonel Nasser , not only as dictator of Egypt , but also as the leader of Arab Nationalism , that invalidated the Chiefs of Staffs assessment of the Middle East .
it was the fall of king farouk of egypt in july 1952 and the subsequent rise of colonel nasser , not only as dictator of egypt , but also as the leader of arab nationalism , that invalidated the chiefs of staffs [evaluation] of the middle east .

To essences and opposites : decency-rock is conscience , consideration , assessment , education . Pop is vandalism , hysteria , oblivion , truancy …
to essences and opposites : decency-rock is conscience , consideration , [evaluation] , education . pop is vandalism , hysteria , oblivion , truancy …

But it is unlikely to be an accurate assessment , because shot and mortally wounded whales , unlike harpooned ones , can escape and die without being retrieved and , of course , are not counted against the quota — in fact as many as 1000 narwhals may die each year at the hands of Canadian hunters .
but it is unlikely to be an accurate [evaluation] , because shot and mortally wounded whales , unlike harpooned ones , can escape and die without being retrieved and , of course , are not counted against the quota — in fact as many as 1000 narwhals may die each year at the hands of canadian hunters .

In an authoritative report prepared in 1985 for Greenpeace , Simon Northridge of the Marine Resources Assessment Group of Imperial College , London , and Professor Georg Pilleri , a respected dolphin expert , identified a lengthy list of incidental catches of dolphins and porpoises in gill-nets , of which the following are only a selection .
in an authoritative report prepared in 1985 for greenpeace , simon northridge of the marine resources [evaluation] group of imperial college , london , and professor georg pilleri , a respected dolphin expert , identified a lengthy list of incidental catches of dolphins and porpoises in gill-nets , of which the following are only a selection .

Discoveries need to be checked , of course , so Gassendi adds the method of judgement or assessment .
discoveries need to be checked , of course , so gassendi adds the method of judgement or [evaluation] .

What they will add up to is anyone 's guess at the moment ; inflation , uncertainty about the pace and impact of climate change , and the political factors which govern priorities make any attempt at assessment a futile exercise .
what they will add up to is anyone 's guess at the moment ; inflation , uncertainty about the pace and impact of climate change , and the political factors which govern priorities make any attempt at [evaluation] a futile exercise .

As he suggested that Richards had been less than sporting , Martin-Jenkins found himself banned from the local airwaves and Public Enemy Number One in Barbados ; since he is renowned as a courteous , generous-spirited chap , it brought home to English fans just how fervently Richards is regarded in the Caribbean , although any English supporter who watched the incident on television would have been hard pushed to disagree with Martin-Jenkins 's assessment of it .
as he suggested that richards had been less than sporting , martin-jenkins found himself banned from the local airwaves and public enemy number one in barbados ; since he is renowned as a courteous , generous-spirited chap , it brought home to english fans just how fervently richards is regarded in the caribbean , although any english supporter who watched the incident on television would have been hard pushed to disagree with martin-jenkins 's [evaluation] of it .

McLeish considered this cold and rational assessment .
mcleish considered this cold and rational [evaluation] .

In turn , they will be able to buy only if they can raise the money to bid , which depends on investors ' assessment of the risk and likely return .
in turn , they will be able to buy only if they can raise the money to bid , which depends on investors ' [evaluation] of the risk and likely return .

That assessment might also be wrong ( clue to a later article : junk-bond default rates ) or it might be distorted by some other influence ( clue : federal deposit insurance ) .
that [evaluation] might also be wrong ( clue to a later article : junk-bond default rates ) or it might be distorted by some other influence ( clue : federal deposit insurance ) .

The assessment of Bob Bennett , the county chairman and an Isle of Man tax exile , would slip naturally into Financial Report .
the [evaluation] of bob bennett , the county chairman and an isle of man tax exile , would slip naturally into financial report .

Two High Court judges ruled that a Department of Social Security assessment officer had taken an ‘ erroneous ’ view of the regulations which govern the means test for legal aid .
two high court judges ruled that a department of social security [evaluation] officer had taken an ‘ erroneous ’ view of the regulations which govern the means test for legal aid .

However , Lord Justice Watkins disagreed and said he saw no difficulty in imposing upon the assessment officer the duty to discover what intention lay behind the reduction of capital .
however , lord justice watkins disagreed and said he saw no difficulty in imposing upon the [evaluation] officer the duty to discover what intention lay behind the reduction of capital .

Assessment of capital very much influenced that , and it was ‘ of the highest importance ’ that it was at all times a proper influence .
[evaluation] of capital very much influenced that , and it was ‘ of the highest importance ’ that it was at all times a proper influence .

New details of the summit conversations are emerging in the course of White House briefings , including a surprisingly frank assessment by the Soviet leader of the looming economic crisis .
new details of the summit conversations are emerging in the course of white house briefings , including a surprisingly frank [evaluation] by the soviet leader of the looming economic crisis .

The two finalists were picked after an on-the-water assessment last weekend at Rutland Water , where , in dull , cold and unchallenging conditions , eight boats were put through their light-weather paces round the buoys on Europe 's largest man-made lake .
the two finalists were picked after an on-the-water [evaluation] last weekend at rutland water , where , in dull , cold and unchallenging conditions , eight boats were put through their light-weather paces round the buoys on europe 's largest man-made lake .

Election Focus : The Voters : The People 's Voice As speech coaches wish they could change the accent of the political debate , taxi-drivers make a fare assessment of the parties ' prospects at the polls
election focus : the voters : the people 's voice as speech coaches wish they could change the accent of the political debate , taxi-drivers make a fare [evaluation] of the parties ' prospects at the polls

Robert Fleming economist Peter Warburton , in a powerful assessment last week , focused on the critical role of real interest rates , combined with a fixed currency value , in posing a threat to asset prices and economic activity .
robert fleming economist peter warburton , in a powerful [evaluation] last week , focused on the critical role of real interest rates , combined with a fixed currency value , in posing a threat to asset prices and economic activity .

To proceed from the reconstruction to an assessment of probable life habits two different but complementary approaches are used .
to proceed from the reconstruction to an [evaluation] of probable life habits two different but complementary approaches are used .

For scientific assessment of a subtle ecological issue such as the causes of eutrophication , it is important that the information used to decide policy is openly available for scientific debate .
for scientific [evaluation] of a subtle ecological issue such as the causes of eutrophication , it is important that the information used to decide policy is openly available for scientific debate .

As it turned out , it seems to have been inspired by a desire to bolster government policy rather than to make an objective assessment of the state of trees .
as it turned out , it seems to have been inspired by a desire to bolster government policy rather than to make an objective [evaluation] of the state of trees .

Supplemented by individual diagnostic testing , this will replace the current Standard Assessment Tasks in order to raise standards .
supplemented by individual diagnostic testing , this will replace the current standard [evaluation] tasks in order to raise standards .

Change , whether it be in the curriculum , in assessment , in the relationship between school and community , in resource management or in any other area of school , can not be managed effectively ( in anything other than the short term ) without also making appropriate changes to the management structures and processes which are actually attempting to bring about the substantive developments .
change , whether it be in the curriculum , in [evaluation] , in the relationship between school and community , in resource management or in any other area of school , can not be managed effectively ( in anything other than the short term ) without also making appropriate changes to the management structures and processes which are actually attempting to bring about the substantive developments .

Information gathering should not take place until a careful assessment has been made of the management tasks and decisions which require information .
information gathering should not take place until a careful [evaluation] has been made of the management tasks and decisions which require information .

It may have a dysfunctional effect on staff motivation if figures for capitation ‘ appear from on high ’ rather than from a more open assessment of needs and available resources .
it may have a dysfunctional effect on staff motivation if figures for capitation ‘ appear from on high ’ rather than from a more open [evaluation] of needs and available resources .

However , the weightings adopted may reflect individual bargaining power as well as the more rational assessment of need .
however , the weightings adopted may reflect individual bargaining power as well as the more rational [evaluation] of need .

The weightings are based on agreement between the faculty heads and this may be a function of their power and past spending allocations rather than an objective assessment of need .
the weightings are based on agreement between the faculty heads and this may be a function of their power and past spending allocations rather than an objective [evaluation] of need .

Our national economic assessment will then allow employers , trade unions and other social partners to consider Britain 's competitiveness and the competing claims on national output .
our national economic [evaluation] will then allow employers , trade unions and other social partners to consider britain 's competitiveness and the competing claims on national output .

We will establish a new legal right to a clean environment , ensure environmental freedom of information , implement European environmental standards such as Environmental Impact Assessment and promote a European Environmental Charter .
we will establish a new legal right to a clean environment , ensure environmental freedom of information , implement european environmental standards such as environmental impact [evaluation] and promote a european environmental charter .

All major transport projects will be subject to Environment Impact Assessment and we will fully observe the requirements of the European Directive on EIAs .
all major transport projects will be subject to environment impact [evaluation] and we will fully observe the requirements of the european directive on eias .

Road building proposals for sensitive areas such as Oxleas Wood and Twyford Down must be subject to full environmental assessment .
road building proposals for sensitive areas such as oxleas wood and twyford down must be subject to full environmental [evaluation] .

Regrettably this consists only of a short description of the mechanical working of the lift , taken from Thomas 's own description , giving no assessment of the lift 's success in use , despite the fact that it appeared six months after the lift 's entry into service .
regrettably this consists only of a short description of the mechanical working of the lift , taken from thomas 's own description , giving no [evaluation] of the lift 's success in use , despite the fact that it appeared six months after the lift 's entry into service .

Over the intervening months the Standard trickled a few reports including an extract from a glowing assessment made by Messrs. James Carter and Company , the Seedsman .
over the intervening months the standard trickled a few reports including an extract from a glowing [evaluation] made by messrs. james carter and company , the seedsman .

Much of this assessment occurs in a kind of calculating room that is perhaps rather rarely available to conscious inspection and where information concerning bodily conditions , unconsciously held programmes highly prejudicial to the outcome , and the current motivational bias are consulted .
much of this [evaluation] occurs in a kind of calculating room that is perhaps rather rarely available to conscious inspection and where information concerning bodily conditions , unconsciously held programmes highly prejudicial to the outcome , and the current motivational bias are consulted .

And further extrinsic tightening of the structure may be appropriate — the teacher announces beforehand ( this is an adult equivalent of ( 5 ) ) that the talkers are to give an assessment of their partners as counsellors when the exercise is over .
and further extrinsic tightening of the structure may be appropriate — the teacher announces beforehand ( this is an adult equivalent of ( 5 ) ) that the talkers are to give an [evaluation] of their partners as counsellors when the exercise is over .

We will launch with the TECs a new initiative , giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing assessment and guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .
we will launch with the tecs a new initiative , giving people a voucher with which they can buy a ‘ skill check ’ , providing [evaluation] and guidance on how to make the most of their working lives .

Following assessment of the responses to our discussion paper , we will bring forward legislation to achieve this .
following [evaluation] of the responses to our discussion paper , we will bring forward legislation to achieve this .

Some will weigh the evidence one way and some will weigh it another , but no one , having made a decision to believe in God , will be able to say that their assessment can not change as the argument proceeds .
some will weigh the evidence one way and some will weigh it another , but no one , having made a decision to believe in god , will be able to say that their [evaluation] can not change as the argument proceeds .

The problems with this assessment are briefly and clearly discussed in Brian Hebblethwaite 's The Problems of Theology , chapter 2 : ‘ Theology and Comparative Religion ’ .
the problems with this [evaluation] are briefly and clearly discussed in brian hebblethwaite 's the problems of theology , chapter 2 : ‘ theology and comparative religion ’ .

Free — a comprehensive assessment of your financial affairs
free — a comprehensive [evaluation] of your financial affairs

But if you can arrange for experienced selectors to be present then this may lead to a more objective assessment of the candidates than if you act alone .
but if you can arrange for experienced selectors to be present then this may lead to a more objective [evaluation] of the candidates than if you act alone .

All involve difficult decisions and demand a fair assessment that employees can readily understand .
all involve difficult decisions and demand a fair [evaluation] that employees can readily understand .

In fact where it has been adopted results suggest that most employees are extremely realistic about their own performance and can indeed make a reasonably accurate assessment .
in fact where it has been adopted results suggest that most employees are extremely realistic about their own performance and can indeed make a reasonably accurate [evaluation] .

We provide short term medical assessment and rehabilitation of those newly diagnosed , and long term care if necessary .
we provide short term medical [evaluation] and rehabilitation of those newly diagnosed , and long term care if necessary .

The name change , which will officially happen in January 1992 , had been expected since the association took delivery of a weighty industry assessment from Saatchi & Saatchi last summer .
the name change , which will officially happen in january 1992 , had been expected since the association took delivery of a weighty industry [evaluation] from saatchi & saatchi last summer .

If a builder is entrusted with the work , it must be ensured through a full briefing and careful supervision that only conscientious , knowledgeable and skilled tradesmen are employed who are able to give rational advice on the proper nature and extent of the remedial treatment if the initial assessment of the degree of damage proves to be inaccurate .
if a builder is entrusted with the work , it must be ensured through a full briefing and careful supervision that only conscientious , knowledgeable and skilled tradesmen are employed who are able to give rational advice on the proper nature and extent of the remedial treatment if the initial [evaluation] of the degree of damage proves to be inaccurate .

Sensitive leniency is not the only principle operating , however , for constables also need to avoid being ‘ taken for a ride ’ by an unrealistic excuse which makes them look foolish . For example , a car was stopped for speeding or ‘ flying low ’ , and upon returning to the police vehicle the constable related the following considerations which influenced his assessment :
sensitive leniency is not the only principle operating , however , for constables also need to avoid being ‘ taken for a ride ’ by an unrealistic excuse which makes them look foolish . for example , a car was stopped for speeding or ‘ flying low ’ , and upon returning to the police vehicle the constable related the following considerations which influenced his [evaluation] :

The assessment is like assembling a jigsaw into which pieces fit with some inevitability .
the [evaluation] is like assembling a jigsaw into which pieces fit with some inevitability .

as if to prove that the National Hunt supermen that brought off this latest feat are in fact human , Pipe admitted that he got it badly wrong over his assessment of In-Keeping .
as if to prove that the national hunt supermen that brought off this latest feat are in fact human , pipe admitted that he got it badly wrong over his [evaluation] of in-keeping .

Such schemes are advertised in the press , and policies can often be bought without a visit from an agent , or a medical assessment .
such schemes are advertised in the press , and policies can often be bought without a visit from an agent , or a medical [evaluation] .

The person or someone on their behalf can ask for the assessment .
the person or someone on their behalf can ask for the [evaluation] .

This is the occasion when a reader can visit the same show and make a personal assessment of how helpful the art critic has been .
this is the occasion when a reader can visit the same show and make a personal [evaluation] of how helpful the art critic has been .

The reader in this situation has a choice : the work in an exhibition can be measured against the artists ' manifesto ; or the critic 's interpretation and assessment can be used .
the reader in this situation has a choice : the work in an exhibition can be measured against the artists ' manifesto ; or the critic 's interpretation and [evaluation] can be used .

It is a usual feature of such a comparison that there is a basic level of information which is common to most of the reviews , and it is the mark of a skilful critic to have worked in some personal assessment of works , or some individual response to the show as a whole .
it is a usual feature of such a comparison that there is a basic level of information which is common to most of the reviews , and it is the mark of a skilful critic to have worked in some personal [evaluation] of works , or some individual response to the show as a whole .

Valuable coaching can often come from drama school tutors who can give a fair assessment of the possibilities you may have prior to auditioning .
valuable coaching can often come from drama school tutors who can give a fair [evaluation] of the possibilities you may have prior to auditioning .

After the initial reaction of lowering the nose and checking the speed , a quick assessment of the situation is necessary .
after the initial reaction of lowering the nose and checking the speed , a quick [evaluation] of the situation is necessary .

Pilots should be encouraged to make an assessment during the final turn of how much airbrake they will need as they start to straighten up for the final approach , instead of waiting until the turn is completed at which point it is already too late .
pilots should be encouraged to make an [evaluation] during the final turn of how much airbrake they will need as they start to straighten up for the final approach , instead of waiting until the turn is completed at which point it is already too late .

This has meant that many studies tend to concentrate on the objective assessment of a fiscally quantifiable reality .
this has meant that many studies tend to concentrate on the objective [evaluation] of a fiscally quantifiable reality .

Constantly the symbolic or qualitative nature of police culture slips through the grasp of the researcher or the audit analysis , simply because of its ephemeral potential for statistical assessment .
constantly the symbolic or qualitative nature of police culture slips through the grasp of the researcher or the audit analysis , simply because of its ephemeral potential for statistical [evaluation] .

In such ontological circumstances this allegedly public service must be singularly unsuited to objective assessment of any external demands for a reduction in its power or to encompassing any critical analysis which might cause loss of prestige .
in such ontological circumstances this allegedly public service must be singularly unsuited to objective [evaluation] of any external demands for a reduction in its power or to encompassing any critical analysis which might cause loss of prestige .

He must be aware , however , that any antagonistic or critical assessment will not only be unwelcome , but coming from an insider will smell of blasphemy .
he must be aware , however , that any antagonistic or critical [evaluation] will not only be unwelcome , but coming from an insider will smell of blasphemy .

The insider/ethnographer can turn his understanding of an interpretive methodology to an assessment of his own actions , and see connections as if scales had been removed from his eyes .
the insider/ethnographer can turn his understanding of an interpretive methodology to an [evaluation] of his own actions , and see connections as if scales had been removed from his eyes .

Favret-Saada 's unique analysis ( ibid. 1–28 ) of the bizarre subjective position she found herself in is a masterful assessment of the difficulties which arise when the ethnographer seeks to gain knowledge of a social group which depends for its existence on ‘ misknowledge ’ or silence :
favret-saada 's unique analysis ( ibid. 1–28 ) of the bizarre subjective position she found herself in is a masterful [evaluation] of the difficulties which arise when the ethnographer seeks to gain knowledge of a social group which depends for its existence on ‘ misknowledge ’ or silence :

In any public confrontation a quick assessment and early resolution is the order of the day , for on the streets pragmatism always rules and ‘ real polises ’ set out immediately to ‘ fix ’ their adversaries by using deeply imbued constructs relating to time and space .
in any public confrontation a quick [evaluation] and early resolution is the order of the day , for on the streets pragmatism always rules and ‘ real polises ’ set out immediately to ‘ fix ’ their adversaries by using deeply imbued constructs relating to time and space .

Couple this with a quality assessment system which is riddled with jargon and technical description and the caterer has a hard time deciding what he or she is going to buy and from which company .
couple this with a quality [evaluation] system which is riddled with jargon and technical description and the caterer has a hard time deciding what he or she is going to buy and from which company .

These are the only tangibles upon which an assessment of such a profession can be made .
these are the only tangibles upon which an [evaluation] of such a profession can be made .

Firstly , there is worry about the quality assessment of the procedure and secondly the availability of people to interpret the findings and give the right advice .
firstly , there is worry about the quality [evaluation] of the procedure and secondly the availability of people to interpret the findings and give the right advice .

This assessment may become an important part of strategy .
this [evaluation] may become an important part of strategy .

assessment of product ( contents ) stability
[evaluation] of product ( contents ) stability

assessment of product-container compatibility
[evaluation] of product-container compatibility

The evaluation and assessment of test data on completely new products or packs and the problem of deciding whether they are sufficiently stable or whether they adequately protect the product under market conditions is more difficult .
the evaluation and [evaluation] of test data on completely new products or packs and the problem of deciding whether they are sufficiently stable or whether they adequately protect the product under market conditions is more difficult .

This study seeks to build on the foundations thus laid and to take the assessment of the importance of the railway station a step further .
this study seeks to build on the foundations thus laid and to take the [evaluation] of the importance of the railway station a step further .

The only safe definition is negative : it is a school which admits pupils of all academic standards and without a test or assessment of ability ( save in so far as that may be used to secure what came to be known as ‘ a balanced intake ’ ) .
the only safe definition is negative : it is a school which admits pupils of all academic standards and without a test or [evaluation] of ability ( save in so far as that may be used to secure what came to be known as ‘ a balanced intake ’ ) .

Maureen Watson 's review ( Socialist Worker , 26 October 1988 ) began with an assessment of the film 's reception within mainstream criticism .
maureen watson 's review ( socialist worker , 26 october 1988 ) began with an [evaluation] of the film 's reception within mainstream criticism .

What is not readily to hand is a valid general assessment of the damage which the disposals may be doing .
what is not readily to hand is a valid general [evaluation] of the damage which the disposals may be doing .

That speech disappointed many analysts with its cautious assessment of the l920s and 1930s and its justification of rapid industrialisation .
that speech disappointed many analysts with its cautious [evaluation] of the l920s and 1930s and its justification of rapid industrialisation .

There are even bigger issues : the role which Lenin played in preparing the ground for Stalin , an objective assessment of Trotsky 's contribution , and the feasibility of alternatives to industrialisation at the end of the 1920s .
there are even bigger issues : the role which lenin played in preparing the ground for stalin , an objective [evaluation] of trotsky 's contribution , and the feasibility of alternatives to industrialisation at the end of the 1920s .

In an end-of-year assessment at Westminster , Mr Ashdown admitted that when he became leader , his job had been to stabilise a party ‘ in a fast downward spiral of disintegration ’ .
in an end-of-year [evaluation] at westminster , mr ashdown admitted that when he became leader , his job had been to stabilise a party ‘ in a fast downward spiral of disintegration ’ .

Third , before entering negotiations about contracts , purchasers will have to make an assessment of the services required to meet the health needs of their population .
third , before entering negotiations about contracts , purchasers will have to make an [evaluation] of the services required to meet the health needs of their population .

The information will be used to support British contributions to international programmes on the assessment of hazardous chemicals , including a proposed European Community regulation .
the information will be used to support british contributions to international programmes on the [evaluation] of hazardous chemicals , including a proposed european community regulation .

‘ He should have an intensive medical examination and a complete psychological assessment before he could be considered to box Benn for that title .
‘ he should have an intensive medical examination and a complete psychological [evaluation] before he could be considered to box benn for that title .

Assessment : Gerry Healy .
[evaluation] : gerry healy .

Compare the two formulations , which should allow you to identify the influence of your own cultural values ( your self-reference criteria ) on your assessment
compare the two formulations , which should allow you to identify the influence of your own cultural values ( your self-reference criteria ) on your [evaluation]

Refine your formulation for the foreign culture , removing the self-reference criteria which you have identified , and use this assessment to solve the problem .
refine your formulation for the foreign culture , removing the self-reference criteria which you have identified , and use this [evaluation] to solve the problem .

Having made this assessment , the marketer should be aware of the potential problems which exist in communication within different cultures .
having made this [evaluation] , the marketer should be aware of the potential problems which exist in communication within different cultures .

In making your assessment , you may find that an appreciation of the common factors in the process of adopting a new product , of innovation , and of the potential purchasers themselves will be of assistance .
in making your [evaluation] , you may find that an appreciation of the common factors in the process of adopting a new product , of innovation , and of the potential purchasers themselves will be of assistance .

The Edwardian ‘ crisis of Conservatism ’ and the Conservatives ' wartime recovery offer the chance for a brief historical assessment of the ideological origins of the Thatcherite revolution .
the edwardian ‘ crisis of conservatism ’ and the conservatives ' wartime recovery offer the chance for a brief historical [evaluation] of the ideological origins of the thatcherite revolution .

When immigrant children first enter the borough they are sent , if the education department has any doubts about their English , to an assessment centre , and from there a large proportion of them are channelled into reception classes .
when immigrant children first enter the borough they are sent , if the education department has any doubts about their english , to an [evaluation] centre , and from there a large proportion of them are channelled into reception classes .

They stay in the reception classes for a period of up to three years , after which they are usually dropped into the lowest streams of the schools to which the classes are attached … East African Asian children are sent for assessment even when they speak fluent English … The fact that reception classes are lumped with the remedial department sharpens the image which English children have of them .
they stay in the reception classes for a period of up to three years , after which they are usually dropped into the lowest streams of the schools to which the classes are attached … east african asian children are sent for [evaluation] even when they speak fluent english … the fact that reception classes are lumped with the remedial department sharpens the image which english children have of them .

And even that sombre assessment understated the inevitabilities .
and even that sombre [evaluation] understated the inevitabilities .

The company is rarely persuaded to change that assessment , even in the light of competition from other companies .
the company is rarely persuaded to change that [evaluation] , even in the light of competition from other companies .

The assessment of structural adjustment loans is even more problematic than the assessment of rural development projects .
the [evaluation] of structural adjustment loans is even more problematic than the [evaluation] of rural development projects .

While the factors of time and the sheer difficulty of analysis partly explain the relative failure of donors to provide a meaningful public assessment of aid programmes , they do not explain the cumulative inadequacy of the results which are available to date .
while the factors of time and the sheer difficulty of analysis partly explain the relative failure of donors to provide a meaningful public [evaluation] of aid programmes , they do not explain the cumulative inadequacy of the results which are available to date .

1990 saw an increase in the number of Tribunal hearings when the Central and Area Headquarters ' representatives attended 127 Entitlement and 86 Assessment Appeals .
1990 saw an increase in the number of tribunal hearings when the central and area headquarters ' representatives attended 127 entitlement and 86 [evaluation] appeals .

Trident was hugely expensive — £10 billion at the first assessment alone .
trident was hugely expensive — £10 billion at the first [evaluation] alone .

This offers training ( minimum age 18 ) and assessment ( minimum age 20 ) , qualifying you to lead others on summer hill walks on British mountains .
this offers training ( minimum age 18 ) and [evaluation] ( minimum age 20 ) , qualifying you to lead others on summer hill walks on british mountains .

The medium is particularly well suited to close-up shots and the viewer can make his assessment of the situation from behind the player 's arm .
the medium is particularly well suited to close-up shots and the viewer can make his [evaluation] of the situation from behind the player 's arm .

But perceptions that the Alliance was running second in the polls collapsed in the second week ; and voters ' assessment of Alliance chances of winning a majority or even holding the balance of power dropped sharply in the third week ; while television 's sharp switch to focus on the two-Party Labour versus Conservative battle occurred in the fourth week .
but perceptions that the alliance was running second in the polls collapsed in the second week ; and voters ' [evaluation] of alliance chances of winning a majority or even holding the balance of power dropped sharply in the third week ; while television 's sharp switch to focus on the two-party labour versus conservative battle occurred in the fourth week .

Sir : Now that the dust kicked up by the mass raid on the Broadwater Farm estate last week has begun to settle , it is time to embark upon an assessment of its effects .
sir : now that the dust kicked up by the mass raid on the broadwater farm estate last week has begun to settle , it is time to embark upon an [evaluation] of its effects .

Without a major programme of ‘ affirmative action ’ in recruitment , admission , teaching , and assessment , any expansion of higher education will result in more privileged middle-class young people gaining degrees .
without a major programme of ‘ affirmative action ’ in recruitment , admission , teaching , and [evaluation] , any expansion of higher education will result in more privileged middle-class young people gaining degrees .

Rumour and uncertainty abound , suggesting , this week , that pupils ' achievements will be measured by formal test rather than by their teachers ' assessment .
rumour and uncertainty abound , suggesting , this week , that pupils ' achievements will be measured by formal test rather than by their teachers ' [evaluation] .

This book is well worth consulting by all involved in laboratory safety , health and safety education and training , plant design and management , the transport , handling , storage and disposal of hazardous chemicals , emergency planning , insurance and loss prevention , hazard identification and assessment and with toxicology and industrial hygiene .
this book is well worth consulting by all involved in laboratory safety , health and safety education and training , plant design and management , the transport , handling , storage and disposal of hazardous chemicals , emergency planning , insurance and loss prevention , hazard identification and [evaluation] and with toxicology and industrial hygiene .

He dismissed the small 1724 work as ‘ merely a germ of those which succeeded in folio ’ and quotes Pulteney 's assessment of the 1731 edition as ‘ the most complete body of gardening extant ’ .
he dismissed the small 1724 work as ‘ merely a germ of those which succeeded in folio ’ and quotes pulteney 's [evaluation] of the 1731 edition as ‘ the most complete body of gardening extant ’ .

This may have been a difficult question for some to answer as it was an assessment of their own abilities .
this may have been a difficult question for some to answer as it was an [evaluation] of their own abilities .

But Mr Livingstone challenged such a pessimistic assessment of his chances .
but mr livingstone challenged such a pessimistic [evaluation] of his chances .

Although the agricultural departments may make competent judgements about the suitability of hill land for agriculture or forestry it is difficult to comprehend how they might also make an assessment of the potential wider impact of a change in land use without considerably more evidence than is currently available .
although the agricultural departments may make competent judgements about the suitability of hill land for agriculture or forestry it is difficult to comprehend how they might also make an [evaluation] of the potential wider impact of a change in land use without considerably more evidence than is currently available .

You must attend 8 sessions ( these will consist of : an introductory session , six group sessions and a final assessment interview ) .
you must attend 8 sessions ( these will consist of : an introductory session , six group sessions and a final [evaluation] interview ) .

Those classed as ‘ other homes ’ included convalescent homes , a rehabilitation centre , an assessment centre , a holiday home for the disabled and rest homes which may in practice have been homes for older people ( the classification was made on the basis of the information given by the person interviewed ) .
those classed as ‘ other homes ’ included convalescent homes , a rehabilitation centre , an [evaluation] centre , a holiday home for the disabled and rest homes which may in practice have been homes for older people ( the classification was made on the basis of the information given by the person interviewed ) .

Two things appeared to affect this assessment independently .
two things appeared to affect this [evaluation] independently .

This means that ‘ organizational assessment is best conceived of not as a one-shot affair , but as an ongoing process ’ ( Miles , 1980 , p. 380 ) .
this means that ‘ organizational [evaluation] is best conceived of not as a one-shot affair , but as an ongoing process ’ ( miles , 1980 , p. 380 ) .

Both measurements of effectiveness are valid , and the one used will depend upon the purpose of the assessment , the customer ordering the assessment and the audience at which the assessment is aimed .
both measurements of effectiveness are valid , and the one used will depend upon the purpose of the [evaluation] , the customer ordering the [evaluation] and the audience at which the [evaluation] is aimed .

Researchers are beginning to unravel some of the factors significant in the process of assessment for compulsory admission ( section assessments ) under the 1983 Mental Health Act .
researchers are beginning to unravel some of the factors significant in the process of [evaluation] for compulsory admission ( section assessments ) under the 1983 mental health act .

There has , however , been no focus on the position of GPs and their interaction with ASWs in the assessment process .
there has , however , been no focus on the position of gps and their interaction with asws in the [evaluation] process .

Section 2 involves admission for assessment , section 4 for emergency admission for assessment and section 3 for admission for treatment .
section 2 involves admission for [evaluation] , section 4 for emergency admission for [evaluation] and section 3 for admission for treatment .

Finally , information was provided on who in the patient 's social circle was interviewed as part of the assessment process , factors considered in assessment , and outcome .
finally , information was provided on who in the patient 's social circle was interviewed as part of the [evaluation] process , factors considered in [evaluation] , and outcome .

Following the section assessment 84 per cent of males and 95 per cent of females were considered to suffer some kind of mental disorder .
following the section [evaluation] 84 per cent of males and 95 per cent of females were considered to suffer some kind of mental disorder .

The syllabus has been approved by the School Examination and Assessment Council , using the same criteria applied to any other A-level chemistry syllabus .
the syllabus has been approved by the school examination and [evaluation] council , using the same criteria applied to any other a-level chemistry syllabus .

The syllabus includes the ‘ core ’ of chemistry drawn up by the Standing Conference on University Entrance in 1983 , and as far as we can tell is also likely to include the new chemistry core under construction by the School Examination and Assessment Council .
the syllabus includes the ‘ core ’ of chemistry drawn up by the standing conference on university entrance in 1983 , and as far as we can tell is also likely to include the new chemistry core under construction by the school examination and [evaluation] council .

The data comprised some thirty variables , including basic personal data , referral and allocation , assessment , service provision , details of continuing involvement and re-referral .
the data comprised some thirty variables , including basic personal data , referral and allocation , [evaluation] , service provision , details of continuing involvement and re-referral .

The use of files imposed limitations on the types of valid and reliable data that could be obtained ; data analysed represented a compromise between these limitations and what were thought to be useful indicators of the manner or style of assessment and service delivery .
the use of files imposed limitations on the types of valid and reliable data that could be obtained ; data analysed represented a compromise between these limitations and what were thought to be useful indicators of the manner or style of [evaluation] and service delivery .

Data collected from files yielded a set of variables for three of the four teams on referrals , initial response ( allocation and assessment ) , services provided , and subsequent developments .
data collected from files yielded a set of variables for three of the four teams on referrals , initial response ( allocation and [evaluation] ) , services provided , and subsequent developments .

The specialist and the generic teams made substantially more recommendations of ‘ no further action ’ following assessment than the individual specialist , who always recommended a service .
the specialist and the generic teams made substantially more recommendations of ‘ no further action ’ following [evaluation] than the individual specialist , who always recommended a service .

During assessment , it was more frequently the case ( approaching significance ) for the specialist team than for the other teams that more than one visit was made to the client .
during [evaluation] , it was more frequently the case ( approaching significance ) for the specialist team than for the other teams that more than one visit was made to the client .

In the early stages the generic team responded more quickly , but the specialist team completed the assessment process sooner .
in the early stages the generic team responded more quickly , but the specialist team completed the [evaluation] process sooner .

In the remainder of the cases in the first two teams , either no service was offered , service was declined by the client , or the assessment was preempted in some way ( for example , by the client entering hospital ) .
in the remainder of the cases in the first two teams , either no service was offered , service was declined by the client , or the [evaluation] was preempted in some way ( for example , by the client entering hospital ) .

The specialist team receives more referrals from medical sources and more in the form of requests for general assessment , though these are not synonymous .
the specialist team receives more referrals from medical sources and more in the form of requests for general [evaluation] , though these are not synonymous .

They carry out rather more visits per case during assessment .
they carry out rather more visits per case during [evaluation] .

It has no particular pattern in its referral sources , and assessment visits are at an ‘ average ’ level .
it has no particular pattern in its referral sources , and [evaluation] visits are at an ‘ average ’ level .

The response times are ‘ average ’ and somewhat fewer visits are made during assessment .
the response times are ‘ average ’ and somewhat fewer visits are made during [evaluation] .

The comparison , of course , is useful only as an invitation to further assessment .
the comparison , of course , is useful only as an invitation to further [evaluation] .

At the end of the initial assessment interview , Enid was given a copy of Beck and Greenberg 's ( 1974 ) ‘ Coping with Depression ’ article which provides a summary of the rationale for cognitive therapy and an outline of the counselling programme .
at the end of the initial [evaluation] interview , enid was given a copy of beck and greenberg 's ( 1974 ) ‘ coping with depression ’ article which provides a summary of the rationale for cognitive therapy and an outline of the counselling programme .

The danger must be that the assessment of ‘ children in need ’ will , perforce , become another rationing device albeit of a more sophisticated kind than the ones used in the sixties .
the danger must be that the [evaluation] of ‘ children in need ’ will , perforce , become another rationing device albeit of a more sophisticated kind than the ones used in the sixties .

The youth department not only supervises the quality of substitute care provided in professional terms but is mandated to involve natural parents in the assessment of the relevance of a programme to the needs of their child .
the youth department not only supervises the quality of substitute care provided in professional terms but is mandated to involve natural parents in the [evaluation] of the relevance of a programme to the needs of their child .

For example , a normally well-functioning family may be thrown into an acute state of crisis through a traumatic event ; a social work assessment may indicate the need for intervention , of a short-term nature , with a view to restoring non-client status ( Sainsbury , 1977 ; Wharf , 1985 ) .
for example , a normally well-functioning family may be thrown into an acute state of crisis through a traumatic event ; a social work [evaluation] may indicate the need for intervention , of a short-term nature , with a view to restoring non-client status ( sainsbury , 1977 ; wharf , 1985 ) .

Duty assessment and intake teams occupy a prime position to provide such a service ( Buckle , 1981 ; O'Hagan , 1986 ) .
duty [evaluation] and intake teams occupy a prime position to provide such a service ( buckle , 1981 ; o'hagan , 1986 ) .

To provide a specialist assessment and treatment service .
to provide a specialist [evaluation] and treatment service .

Five factors created difficulties : delays in passing on information ; competing professional objectives ( criminal investigation or assessment of child protection risk ) ; unrealistic expectations of the powers and responsibilities of social work departments ; disputes over control or management of a case ; and procedural inexperience .
five factors created difficulties : delays in passing on information ; competing professional objectives ( criminal investigation or [evaluation] of child protection risk ) ; unrealistic expectations of the powers and responsibilities of social work departments ; disputes over control or management of a case ; and procedural inexperience .

In Flanders , services are classified simply in terms of the age of the youngsters looked after or the type of service offered ( for example , observation and assessment ) .
in flanders , services are classified simply in terms of the age of the youngsters looked after or the type of service offered ( for example , observation and [evaluation] ) .

In addition , the British reader will recognize the declining role of the residential sector , particularly reform schools and assessment centres , and the growth of alternatives such as specialist foster cars ( see Hazel , 1981 ; Rowe et al .
in addition , the british reader will recognize the declining role of the residential sector , particularly reform schools and [evaluation] centres , and the growth of alternatives such as specialist foster cars ( see hazel , 1981 ; rowe et al .

for instance , residential care in Flanders and the Netherlands seems more closely tied to psychological assessment of children and to a diagnosis/treatment approach than in the United Kingdom — at least for social services cases .
for instance , residential care in flanders and the netherlands seems more closely tied to psychological [evaluation] of children and to a diagnosis/treatment approach than in the united kingdom — at least for social services cases .

This Note summarizes the conceptual thinking behind a comprehensive system of assessment which is being piloted in four local authorities , and reports on the preliminary results .
this note summarizes the conceptual thinking behind a comprehensive system of [evaluation] which is being piloted in four local authorities , and reports on the preliminary results .

The theory of outcome measurement they constructed was then used to develop a comprehensive system of assessment which could monitor the development of all children for whom local authorities take responsibility .
the theory of outcome measurement they constructed was then used to develop a comprehensive system of [evaluation] which could monitor the development of all children for whom local authorities take responsibility .

Unravelling these consequences and deciding which merit assessment is an exceptionally delicate task .
unravelling these consequences and deciding which merit [evaluation] is an exceptionally delicate task .

The first stage of this research , now completed , explored social workers ' reactions to this method of assessment .
the first stage of this research , now completed , explored social workers ' reactions to this method of [evaluation] .

Nineteen social workers completed both assessments ; thirteen others made one assessment , but were unable to complete the project .
nineteen social workers completed both assessments ; thirteen others made one [evaluation] , but were unable to complete the project .

Fifteen ( 83 per cent ) of the older children assisted in the first assessment as did 23 ( 77 per cent ) parents , foster parents and residential workers .
fifteen ( 83 per cent ) of the older children assisted in the first [evaluation] as did 23 ( 77 per cent ) parents , foster parents and residential workers .

All social workers involved at least one other person in making the assessment .
all social workers involved at least one other person in making the [evaluation] .

After the second assessment , social workers were asked whether participation in the research had encouraged them to include other people more fully in decision-making .
after the second [evaluation] , social workers were asked whether participation in the research had encouraged them to include other people more fully in decision-making .

According to an assessment commissioned by the Department of Energy the cost of the support structure alone for one offshore wind turbine ( excluding the turbine ) would be £3 million while one machine would cost £34,000 per year to maintain .
according to an [evaluation] commissioned by the department of energy the cost of the support structure alone for one offshore wind turbine ( excluding the turbine ) would be £3 million while one machine would cost £34,000 per year to maintain .

Because of the seriousness of this issue , the second section of this chapter is devoted to an analysis of the background to the Kosovo problem and an assessment of current policies towards it .
because of the seriousness of this issue , the second section of this chapter is devoted to an analysis of the background to the kosovo problem and an [evaluation] of current policies towards it .

Appearing to agree in part with Mr de Klerk 's assessment of the meeting , the churchmen said they saw their role as ‘ facilitators to get negotiation going ’ .
appearing to agree in part with mr de klerk 's [evaluation] of the meeting , the churchmen said they saw their role as ‘ facilitators to get negotiation going ’ .

Successful applicants go on to a three-day assessment course .
successful applicants go on to a three-day [evaluation] course .

And he recommends big cereal farmers to register now , because the final commitment does not have to be made until the end of August , when an accurate assessment of how much levy can be saved is known .
and he recommends big cereal farmers to register now , because the final commitment does not have to be made until the end of august , when an accurate [evaluation] of how much levy can be saved is known .

In our latest tractor assessment , we look at the Antares 130 , a tractor with more electronic features than a Royal Navy battleship .
in our latest tractor [evaluation] , we look at the antares 130 , a tractor with more electronic features than a royal navy battleship .

There were market-research questionnaires , trial subscriptions and a free assessment of your perfect man from a computer agency .
there were market-research questionnaires , trial subscriptions and a free [evaluation] of your perfect man from a computer agency .

Not all black Americans agree with that assessment .
not all black americans agree with that [evaluation] .

Figures for the pre-census period are unreliable ; but , according to an informed assessment of 1835 , ‘ half the infants baptised in London in the period 1770–89 were dead before the age of five .
figures for the pre-census period are unreliable ; but , according to an informed [evaluation] of 1835 , ‘ half the infants baptised in london in the period 1770–89 were dead before the age of five .

This is assessed entirely from the objective assessment derived from inspection reports or bacteriological data .
this is assessed entirely from the objective [evaluation] derived from inspection reports or bacteriological data .

They should be based on a realistic assessment of expenditure requirements , for the period to which they apply , neither too high nor too low .
they should be based on a realistic [evaluation] of expenditure requirements , for the period to which they apply , neither too high nor too low .

In the assessment of cleanliness this can only be done by inspection to be carried out after cleaning has been completed .
in the [evaluation] of cleanliness this can only be done by inspection to be carried out after cleaning has been completed .

In the final analysis , if the small farmer and peasant of the Third World can not or will not take conservation to heart , no amount of model-building , empirical plot studies , erosion risk assessment or legislation will result in the preservation of the soil 's resources .
in the final analysis , if the small farmer and peasant of the third world can not or will not take conservation to heart , no amount of model-building , empirical plot studies , erosion risk [evaluation] or legislation will result in the preservation of the soil 's resources .

21 November Assessment Schemes Present and Future .
21 november [evaluation] schemes present and future .

Jack 's own assessment of his schooldays was covered in his own biographical notes as having ‘ deportment problems ’ which he later explained in more explicit terms as ‘ fucking up , not in line or as with adolescents nowadays , making a big show they they do n't give a fuck , that 's bad deportment .
jack 's own [evaluation] of his schooldays was covered in his own biographical notes as having ‘ deportment problems ’ which he later explained in more explicit terms as ‘ fucking up , not in line or as with adolescents nowadays , making a big show they they do n't give a fuck , that 's bad deportment .

Corman naturally agreed with this assessment and is not saying whether or not it was the way he and Nicholson intended it .
corman naturally agreed with this [evaluation] and is not saying whether or not it was the way he and nicholson intended it .

Polanski 's assessment was not encouraging .
polanski 's [evaluation] was not encouraging .

He felt it was possible and he opted to at least try to stay out of the glitterama ; and , as the movie industry would soon learn , this cool-headed assessment of the way he hoped his career would pan out would soon include his rejection of many scripts including The Godfather , The Sting and The Great Gatsby .
he felt it was possible and he opted to at least try to stay out of the glitterama ; and , as the movie industry would soon learn , this cool-headed [evaluation] of the way he hoped his career would pan out would soon include his rejection of many scripts including the godfather , the sting and the great gatsby .

From April 1990 a workplace nursery is no longer regarded as a ‘ benefit in kind ’ , and is not counted in the assessment of income tax .
from april 1990 a workplace nursery is no longer regarded as a ‘ benefit in kind ’ , and is not counted in the [evaluation] of income tax .

There are no published experiments that allow a direct assessment of the effects of interpolating a phase of extinction or reversal between the normal training and test phases of an acquired distinctiveness experiment .
there are no published experiments that allow a direct [evaluation] of the effects of interpolating a phase of extinction or reversal between the normal training and test phases of an acquired distinctiveness experiment .

The twins were admitted in January for assessment and preparation .
the twins were admitted in january for [evaluation] and preparation .

No-one had ever heard of such clubbing at this par-five before and the reputation of Daly was further enhanced , substantiating an earlier assessment by Jack Nicklaus .
no-one had ever heard of such clubbing at this par-five before and the reputation of daly was further enhanced , substantiating an earlier [evaluation] by jack nicklaus .

Mr Roller 's optimistic assessment of an upturn follows a winter of discontent in Germany when wage demands rocketed and employers warned of a flight of investment and manufacturing overseas .
mr roller 's optimistic [evaluation] of an upturn follows a winter of discontent in germany when wage demands rocketed and employers warned of a flight of investment and manufacturing overseas .

However , such zeal does not fool a wise assessment system which accounts for quality of performance , and does not rely too much on facile numerical criteria .
however , such zeal does not fool a wise [evaluation] system which accounts for quality of performance , and does not rely too much on facile numerical criteria .

Michael Heseltine , Secretary of State for the Environment , stated that from April 1992 , 60 % rather than the current 50 % of Government housing finance will be allocated on a discretionary basis following civil servants ' assessment of councils ' performance .
michael heseltine , secretary of state for the environment , stated that from april 1992 , 60 % rather than the current 50 % of government housing finance will be allocated on a discretionary basis following civil servants ' [evaluation] of councils ' performance .

The issues covered include : the level of the state pension , the position of older people with incomes just above Income Support level , the minimum Community Charge Benefit , Income Support for residential and nursing home fees , the assessment of capital for income-related benefits , the Social Fund budget and disability benefits .
the issues covered include : the level of the state pension , the position of older people with incomes just above income support level , the minimum community charge benefit , income support for residential and nursing home fees , the [evaluation] of capital for income-related benefits , the social fund budget and disability benefits .

The Centre for Health Economics at the University of York has published a discussion paper on District Health Authority assessment of local populations ' need for health services , and of priority setting .
the centre for health economics at the university of york has published a discussion paper on district health authority [evaluation] of local populations ' need for health services , and of priority setting .

This paper considers the usefulness of existing sources of data for health needs assessment .
this paper considers the usefulness of existing sources of data for health needs [evaluation] .

The need for proper assessment and cooperation at the time of hospital discharge is an essential preventive measure to ensure that elderly people are not discharged to inappropriate care settings .
the need for proper [evaluation] and cooperation at the time of hospital discharge is an essential preventive measure to ensure that elderly people are not discharged to inappropriate care settings .

Yet Crane 's assessment of Williams still has its validity , as is apparent if we consider ( wearily , for it is the instance always cited ) Williams 's ‘ The Red Wheelbarrow ’ .
yet crane 's [evaluation] of williams still has its validity , as is apparent if we consider ( wearily , for it is the instance always cited ) williams 's ‘ the red wheelbarrow ’ .

The assessment is made by analysts Instat , following a visit by Instat 's European president , Malcolm Penn , to the Soviet Union in April to assess its technical capabilities .
the [evaluation] is made by analysts instat , following a visit by instat 's european president , malcolm penn , to the soviet union in april to assess its technical capabilities .

Above the rank of inspector , promotion is a matter of performance and most tellingly , other senior ( male ) officers ' assessment .
above the rank of inspector , promotion is a matter of performance and most tellingly , other senior ( male ) officers ' [evaluation] .

He started by writing occasional articles but in 1939 he wrote The State of Music , a trenchant and provocative assessment of the machinery of the musical profession at the time .
he started by writing occasional articles but in 1939 he wrote the state of music , a trenchant and provocative [evaluation] of the machinery of the musical profession at the time .

The Marine Conservation Society , a national organisation , alleges in a 54-page document that Britain has failed to meet the terms of a European directive requiring an assessment to be carried out where a proposed development is likely to have a significant environmental impact .
the marine conservation society , a national organisation , alleges in a 54-page document that britain has failed to meet the terms of a european directive requiring an [evaluation] to be carried out where a proposed development is likely to have a significant environmental impact .

Since the directive came into force in July last year only one fish farming application has been subject to an environmental assessment : a plan last October by Marine Harvest for salmon cages in Lamlash bay on the island of Arran .
since the directive came into force in july last year only one fish farming application has been subject to an environmental [evaluation] : a plan last october by marine harvest for salmon cages in lamlash bay on the island of arran .

The society argues that the assessment was inaccurate and inadequate , particularly as it made no mention of potentially toxic chemicals .
the society argues that the [evaluation] was inaccurate and inadequate , particularly as it made no mention of potentially toxic chemicals .

The assessment was accepted and the application granted by the Crown Estate , although the area of the farm was reduced and the number of salmon cages cut from 58 to 30 for other reasons .
the [evaluation] was accepted and the application granted by the crown estate , although the area of the farm was reduced and the number of salmon cages cut from 58 to 30 for other reasons .

Professor Harry Keen , the chairman of the Coma report , concurred with Sir Donald 's assessment .
professor harry keen , the chairman of the coma report , concurred with sir donald 's [evaluation] .

Where Clarke was wrong was in his broad assessment that British science is being adequately funded .
where clarke was wrong was in his broad [evaluation] that british science is being adequately funded .

Such a claim represents that same wishful thinking as his assessment that increasing the science budget by only 6 per cent next year ( the official prediction for inflation ) will allow spending to remain constant in real terms .
such a claim represents that same wishful thinking as his [evaluation] that increasing the science budget by only 6 per cent next year ( the official prediction for inflation ) will allow spending to remain constant in real terms .

Phillips rejects the government 's assessment that the 6 per cent increase in the science budget represented level funding in real terms .
phillips rejects the government 's [evaluation] that the 6 per cent increase in the science budget represented level funding in real terms .

Gore and Wirth were backed by a new report from the congressional Office of Technology Assessment .
gore and wirth were backed by a new report from the congressional office of technology [evaluation] .

According to an assessment by the department 's Energy Technology Support Unit the cost of electricity from this source could be anything between 12 and 60 pence per kilowatt-hour .
according to an [evaluation] by the department 's energy technology support unit the cost of electricity from this source could be anything between 12 and 60 pence per kilowatt-hour .

Away from a purely stylistic assessment , the square has great merits , the presence of students locally ( there is another section of the University here ) having resulted in a range of fine restaurants , take-away delicatessens and sandwich bars which the visitor to the centre will find delightful for offering a real Milanese touch to the menu at an affordable price .
away from a purely stylistic [evaluation] , the square has great merits , the presence of students locally ( there is another section of the university here ) having resulted in a range of fine restaurants , take-away delicatessens and sandwich bars which the visitor to the centre will find delightful for offering a real milanese touch to the menu at an affordable price .

‘ Educationists , as you call them , ca n't measure the full potential because they have such primitive tools and methods of assessment .
‘ educationists , as you call them , ca n't measure the full potential because they have such primitive tools and methods of [evaluation] .

Since April 1983 , when the Education Act 1981 was introduced , LEAs have had important responsibilities regarding the identification and assessment of children with special educational needs and the provision of suitable education for such children .
since april 1983 , when the education act 1981 was introduced , leas have had important responsibilities regarding the identification and [evaluation] of children with special educational needs and the provision of suitable education for such children .

Singled out in particular has been the poor record of LEAs in involving parents effectively in the assessment process — something which the latest government circular on special educational needs seeks to redress .
singled out in particular has been the poor record of leas in involving parents effectively in the [evaluation] process — something which the latest government circular on special educational needs seeks to redress .

Identification and assessment of special educational needs
identification and [evaluation] of special educational needs

Parental rights and responsibilities are built into the arrangements for the identification and assessment of special educational needs .
parental rights and responsibilities are built into the arrangements for the identification and [evaluation] of special educational needs .

Formal assessment of a child believed to have special needs which require special educational provision must be conducted , once the child has been identified either by the school , via its non-statutory assessment monitoring of pupils and assessment under the National Curriculum regime , or by the parents .
formal [evaluation] of a child believed to have special needs which require special educational provision must be conducted , once the child has been identified either by the school , via its non-statutory [evaluation] monitoring of pupils and [evaluation] under the national curriculum regime , or by the parents .

The authority and the school have wide discretion as to how the records should be compiled , given the two major purposes of providing basic data on a pupil 's progress for other teachers and the parents and providing evidence to support the teacher 's assessment of the pupil 's level of attainment .
the authority and the school have wide discretion as to how the records should be compiled , given the two major purposes of providing basic data on a pupil 's progress for other teachers and the parents and providing evidence to support the teacher 's [evaluation] of the pupil 's level of attainment .

Thus only a parent may see information on the record concerning the pupil 's racial group , language or religion , and only a parent may see a statement of special educational needs ( under the Education Act 1981 — see Chapter 4 ) or results of the pupil 's assessment .
thus only a parent may see information on the record concerning the pupil 's racial group , language or religion , and only a parent may see a statement of special educational needs ( under the education act 1981 — see chapter 4 ) or results of the pupil 's [evaluation] .

The exception to this is that only a parent may receive the results of the pupil 's assessment .
the exception to this is that only a parent may receive the results of the pupil 's [evaluation] .

Raising standards ; by guaranteeing that all pupils get a balanced curriculum which prepares them for adult life ; and by setting objectives over the full range of abilities — via ‘ attainment targets ’ backed up with appropriate assessment arrangements .
raising standards ; by guaranteeing that all pupils get a balanced curriculum which prepares them for adult life ; and by setting objectives over the full range of abilities — via ‘ attainment targets ’ backed up with appropriate [evaluation] arrangements .

For each of the foundation subjects there are to be ‘ attainment targets ’ , ‘ programmes of study ’ and ‘ assessment arrangements ’ . These terms are defined in section 2(2) :
for each of the foundation subjects there are to be ‘ attainment targets ’ , ‘ programmes of study ’ and ‘ [evaluation] arrangements ’ . these terms are defined in section 2(2) :

Assessment arrangements : the arrangements for assessing pupils ' achievement of the attainment targets ‘ at or near the end of each key stage ’ ( that is basically at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 ) .
[evaluation] arrangements : the arrangements for assessing pupils ' achievement of the attainment targets ‘ at or near the end of each key stage ’ ( that is basically at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 ) .

‘ Assessment arrangements ’ may be ( and some have already been ) prescribed by the Secretary of State .
‘ [evaluation] arrangements ’ may be ( and some have already been ) prescribed by the secretary of state .

Assessment will be by a combination of national external tests and assessment by teachers .
[evaluation] will be by a combination of national external tests and [evaluation] by teachers .

Parents will be informed of the results of their child 's assessment .
parents will be informed of the results of their child 's [evaluation] .

It is probably true to say that the likely arrangements for assessment and recording of pupils ' achievement have provoked more concern among the teaching profession than almost any other area of the National Curriculum .
it is probably true to say that the likely arrangements for [evaluation] and recording of pupils ' achievement have provoked more concern among the teaching profession than almost any other area of the national curriculum .

The Commission for Racial Equality 's Code of Practice advises teachers that the form that discrimination takes could ‘ vary from crude racist remarks to subtle differences in assessment , expectation , provision and or work experience .
the commission for racial equality 's code of practice advises teachers that the form that discrimination takes could ‘ vary from crude racist remarks to subtle differences in [evaluation] , expectation , provision and or work experience .

Raymond Williams 's assessment of Stephen Duck 's collapse as a poet once he entered polite society has already been commented upon . Rayner Unwin has also touched upon the problem of patronage with relation to labouring poets :
raymond williams 's [evaluation] of stephen duck 's collapse as a poet once he entered polite society has already been commented upon . rayner unwin has also touched upon the problem of patronage with relation to labouring poets :

They do not relate to assessment arrangements , although these are covered in the Working Group 's Report .
they do not relate to [evaluation] arrangements , although these are covered in the working group 's report .

We are grateful to the English Working Group for the thought it has given to assessment issues .
we are grateful to the english working group for the thought it has given to [evaluation] issues .

These are grouped for assessment and reporting purposes into three profile components — for speaking and listening ( attainment target 1 ) , reading ( attainment target 2 ) and writing ( attainment targets 3 , 4 and 5 ) .
these are grouped for [evaluation] and reporting purposes into three profile components — for speaking and listening ( attainment target 1 ) , reading ( attainment target 2 ) and writing ( attainment targets 3 , 4 and 5 ) .

Assessment in individual areas through SATs will necessarily be a sampling process .
[evaluation] in individual areas through sats will necessarily be a sampling process .

15.43 We list below five important criteria , in addition to those specified in paragraph 15.16 which have informed our recommendations and which we would expect those constructing internal and external assessment arrangements to take into full account . These criteria are :
15.43 we list below five important criteria , in addition to those specified in paragraph 15.16 which have informed our recommendations and which we would expect those constructing internal and external [evaluation] arrangements to take into full account . these criteria are :

the assessment of speaking and listening should , where possible , be informal , continuous and incidental , applied to tasks carried out for curricular purposes ;
the [evaluation] of speaking and listening should , where possible , be informal , continuous and incidental , applied to tasks carried out for curricular purposes ;

oral assessment methods should both reflect and promote the variety of classroom activities recommended in this Report ;
oral [evaluation] methods should both reflect and promote the variety of classroom activities recommended in this report ;

particular attention should be paid , by task-setters , teachers and moderators alike , to the danger that oral assessment might be influenced by cultural or social bias .
particular attention should be paid , by task-setters , teachers and moderators alike , to the danger that oral [evaluation] might be influenced by cultural or social bias .

Too much concentration on set texts for assessment purposes can turn pupils against reading .
too much concentration on set texts for [evaluation] purposes can turn pupils against reading .

They also need well-informed assessment procedures for recording pupils ' progress ; the support of well chosen and well supplied book stocks in classrooms , in school libraries and from local authority school library services .
they also need well-informed [evaluation] procedures for recording pupils ' progress ; the support of well chosen and well supplied book stocks in classrooms , in school libraries and from local authority school library services .

16.45 As indicated in chapter 14 , we recommend that assessment be both internal and external , with suitable moderation arrangements .
16.45 as indicated in chapter 14 , we recommend that [evaluation] be both internal and external , with suitable moderation arrangements .

External assessment , in the form of SATs , should : generally be conducted by the pupils ' own teachers ; observe the principle of fitness for purpose ; be intrinsically rewarding and enjoyable for pupils and accord with good classroom practice .
external [evaluation] , in the form of sats , should : generally be conducted by the pupils ' own teachers ; observe the principle of fitness for purpose ; be intrinsically rewarding and enjoyable for pupils and accord with good classroom practice .

Assessment in primary school
[evaluation] in primary school

16.46 For internal assessment , a common national format for record-keeping should be devised and employed .
16.46 for internal [evaluation] , a common national format for record-keeping should be devised and employed .

16.47 Within this continuous assessment , the teacher 's structured observation should have regard to all the strands in the attainment target and should look for children 's growing confidence and independence as readers ; the ways they read aloud ; the reading and information-retrieval strategies they employ ; their responses to reading ; and the range and difficulty of the texts they are able to handle and comprehend .
16.47 within this continuous [evaluation] , the teacher 's structured observation should have regard to all the strands in the attainment target and should look for children 's growing confidence and independence as readers ; the ways they read aloud ; the reading and information-retrieval strategies they employ ; their responses to reading ; and the range and difficulty of the texts they are able to handle and comprehend .

16.48 The record of the continuous assessment should cover what the child has read ; the child 's reading strategies and approaches when handling a familiar text , levels of comprehension ; retrieval of information ; and the child 's reading tastes and preferences .
16.48 the record of the continuous [evaluation] should cover what the child has read ; the child 's reading strategies and approaches when handling a familiar text , levels of comprehension ; retrieval of information ; and the child 's reading tastes and preferences .

The results should be capable of being used formatively and to indicate any particular need for support for the child , or for more specific diagnostic assessment .
the results should be capable of being used formatively and to indicate any particular need for support for the child , or for more specific diagnostic [evaluation] .

Assessment in secondary school
[evaluation] in secondary school

16.52 Internal assessment of pupils in key stages 3 and 4 should be continuous and record their progress across all aspects of the attainment target .
16.52 internal [evaluation] of pupils in key stages 3 and 4 should be continuous and record their progress across all aspects of the attainment target .

The main principle is that the secretarial aspect should not be allowed to predominate in the assessment while the more complex aspects of composition are ignored .
the main principle is that the secretarial aspect should not be allowed to predominate in the [evaluation] while the more complex aspects of composition are ignored .

17.5 These points are relevant both to programmes of study and to assessment , since they show that linguistic forms can not be corrected or assessed independently of their purpose .
17.5 these points are relevant both to programmes of study and to [evaluation] , since they show that linguistic forms can not be corrected or assessed independently of their purpose .

The nature of the assessment should be geared to the purpose of the writing .
the nature of the [evaluation] should be geared to the purpose of the writing .

17.18 All pupils should be expected to keep a file containing work in progress , as well as completed pieces , which may need to be selected and filed separately for the purposes of moderation and final assessment .
17.18 all pupils should be expected to keep a file containing work in progress , as well as completed pieces , which may need to be selected and filed separately for the purposes of moderation and final [evaluation] .

It is most important that teacher assessment should take account of the way pupils tackle writing tasks — that is , it should be sensitive to the writing process as well as to the finished product .
it is most important that teacher [evaluation] should take account of the way pupils tackle writing tasks — that is , it should be sensitive to the writing process as well as to the finished product .

17.24 If proposals for assessment are to have coherence , they must be based on a theory of difficulty .
17.24 if proposals for [evaluation] are to have coherence , they must be based on a theory of difficulty .

Attainment targets form the basis of assessment .
attainment targets form the basis of [evaluation] .

For assessment purposes it is clearly important that independent abilities should not be grouped under the same target .
for [evaluation] purposes it is clearly important that independent abilities should not be grouped under the same target .

17.60 The attainment targets suggested above should be assessed through a variety of writing using a combination of internal and external assessment .
17.60 the attainment targets suggested above should be assessed through a variety of writing using a combination of internal and external [evaluation] .

17.61 Those aspects of the targets which relate to the writing process , as distinct from the product , should be covered by mainly internal assessment — for example , probing pupils ' ability to reflect upon and discuss the organisation of their own writing .
17.61 those aspects of the targets which relate to the writing process , as distinct from the product , should be covered by mainly internal [evaluation] — for example , probing pupils ' ability to reflect upon and discuss the organisation of their own writing .

As part of the internal assessment process , some self-assessment should be involved , through children 's discussing a piece of writing with the teacher or with their peers , and then redrafting it .
as part of the internal [evaluation] process , some self-assessment should be involved , through children 's discussing a piece of writing with the teacher or with their peers , and then redrafting it .

Assessment in primary school
[evaluation] in primary school

17.63 Assessment in the primary school should incorporate internal assessment as above from the outset .
17.63 [evaluation] in the primary school should incorporate internal [evaluation] as above from the outset .

Assessment in secondary school
[evaluation] in secondary school

17.65 Internal assessment and recording in the secondary school should build on that of the primary school .
17.65 internal [evaluation] and recording in the secondary school should build on that of the primary school .

17.67 We have referred in paragraphs 17.60 , 17.61 and 17.65 to the process of continuous assessment , and to the function of the samples of children 's work in providing a basis for further development .
17.67 we have referred in paragraphs 17.60 , 17.61 and 17.65 to the process of continuous [evaluation] , and to the function of the samples of children 's work in providing a basis for further development .

‘ Assessment is not in question ; it is when it becomes an automatic and unvaried process that it loses its value both for teacher and pupil .
‘ [evaluation] is not in question ; it is when it becomes an automatic and unvaried process that it loses its value both for teacher and pupil .

the contribution of the assessment to a pupil 's record of achievement .
the contribution of the [evaluation] to a pupil 's record of achievement .

1.1 The National Curriculum English Working Group was set up on 29 April 1988 by the Secretaries of State for Education and Science and for Wales to advise on attainment targets , programmes of study , and associated assessment arrangements for English in the National Curriculum for the period of compulsory schooling .
1.1 the national curriculum english working group was set up on 29 april 1988 by the secretaries of state for education and science and for wales to advise on attainment targets , programmes of study , and associated [evaluation] arrangements for english in the national curriculum for the period of compulsory schooling .

Assessment framework
[evaluation] framework

1.6 The assessment framework adopted by the Government requires that : ( a ) attainment targets are set for the knowledge , skills , and understanding normally expected at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 ; ( b ) pupils ' performances in relation to attainment targets should be assessed and reported on at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 .
1.6 the [evaluation] framework adopted by the government requires that : ( a ) attainment targets are set for the knowledge , skills , and understanding normally expected at the ages of 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 ; ( b ) pupils ' performances in relation to attainment targets should be assessed and reported on at ages 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 .

Attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile components to make assessment and reporting manageable ; ( c ) ten different levels of attainment should be identified within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling .
attainment targets should be grouped for this purpose into profile components to make [evaluation] and reporting manageable ; ( c ) ten different levels of attainment should be identified within each target covering all the years of compulsory schooling .

Pupils ' progress should be registered against these levels : level 2 should be assumed to represent the performance of the median 7 year old ; level 4 that of the median 11 year old ; the boundary between levels 5 and 6 that of the median 14 year old ; and the boundary between levels 6 and 7 that of the median 16 year old ; ( d ) assessment should be by a combination of national externally set Standard Assessment Tasks ( SATs ) and assessments by teachers .
pupils ' progress should be registered against these levels : level 2 should be assumed to represent the performance of the median 7 year old ; level 4 that of the median 11 year old ; the boundary between levels 5 and 6 that of the median 14 year old ; and the boundary between levels 6 and 7 that of the median 16 year old ; ( d ) [evaluation] should be by a combination of national externally set standard [evaluation] tasks ( sats ) and assessments by teachers .

For the purpose of reporting assessment , we also believe that the profile components should have equal weighting at key stages 1 to 3 , but that in key stage 4 heavier weighting should be given to reading and writing — in the ratio of approximately 40:40:20 for Reading , Writing , Speaking and listening respectively ( see chapter 14 ) .
for the purpose of reporting [evaluation] , we also believe that the profile components should have equal weighting at key stages 1 to 3 , but that in key stage 4 heavier weighting should be given to reading and writing — in the ratio of approximately 40:40:20 for reading , writing , speaking and listening respectively ( see chapter 14 ) .

We have striven to avoid statements of attainment that require assessment which might have undesirable effects in the classroom , for example the use of language exercises out of context or other activities of an arid kind .
we have striven to avoid statements of attainment that require [evaluation] which might have undesirable effects in the classroom , for example the use of language exercises out of context or other activities of an arid kind .

Our guiding principle is that pupils with special educational needs should , as far as possible , have the opportunity to experience the full range of the English curriculum , but we make some broad recommendations for modifications to attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements which we feel may nevertheless be necessary .
our guiding principle is that pupils with special educational needs should , as far as possible , have the opportunity to experience the full range of the english curriculum , but we make some broad recommendations for modifications to attainment targets , programmes of study and [evaluation] arrangements which we feel may nevertheless be necessary .

He seems to take assessment of wealth to be unproblematic .
he seems to take [evaluation] of wealth to be unproblematic .

To the objectors , Barnes 's decision justified our persistent assertion that the Chernobyl accident was central to any assessment of nuclear power in Britain .
to the objectors , barnes 's decision justified our persistent assertion that the chernobyl accident was central to any [evaluation] of nuclear power in britain .

This is a crude chemical assessment of the protein level of a feed .
this is a crude chemical [evaluation] of the protein level of a feed .

There might indeed be truth in that assessment , but it would be far from the whole truth .
there might indeed be truth in that [evaluation] , but it would be far from the whole truth .

Fairly typical was the assessment of both works as ‘ picturesque , but at the same time restless , and verging occasionally on the sentimental ’ .
fairly typical was the [evaluation] of both works as ‘ picturesque , but at the same time restless , and verging occasionally on the sentimental ’ .

This trend presents anxieties to environmentalists since maintenance schemes have traditionally escaped not only all cost-benefit assessment , but also , in many cases , the careful integration of conservation principles .
this trend presents anxieties to environmentalists since maintenance schemes have traditionally escaped not only all cost-benefit [evaluation] , but also , in many cases , the careful integration of conservation principles .

Some form of pupil assessment , intelligible to everyone and as far as possible uniform throughout the country , is held to be essential since it is through such public assessment that what is taught and learned at school is most clearly related to the world outside school .
some form of pupil [evaluation] , intelligible to everyone and as far as possible uniform throughout the country , is held to be essential since it is through such public [evaluation] that what is taught and learned at school is most clearly related to the world outside school .

Some form of public assessment , then , has to be accepted .
some form of public [evaluation] , then , has to be accepted .

We need a system of assessment that will encourage , not inhibit , the development of the imagination , and the new emphasis on practical skills as of equal importance with scholarship and learning .
we need a system of [evaluation] that will encourage , not inhibit , the development of the imagination , and the new emphasis on practical skills as of equal importance with scholarship and learning .

It may still be objected that , though pupils at school must be in some way ranked in order of merit , the only way to do this that would not be restrictive is by in-school assessment .
it may still be objected that , though pupils at school must be in some way ranked in order of merit , the only way to do this that would not be restrictive is by in-school [evaluation] .

There are two related objections to such a system of assessment .
there are two related objections to such a system of [evaluation] .

The criterion-basis of the new examination seemed to open up the possibility of an assessment system that would be public , open , and uniform , yet applicable to virtually all pupils in school , whatever their ability .
the criterion-basis of the new examination seemed to open up the possibility of an [evaluation] system that would be public , open , and uniform , yet applicable to virtually all pupils in school , whatever their ability .

This is a difficulty shared by all course-work assessment schemes at whatever level .
this is a difficulty shared by all course-work [evaluation] schemes at whatever level .

It is such considerations of equity and judgement that make the course-work component in examinations suspect , however much its assessment may be regulated by published sets of criteria .
it is such considerations of equity and judgement that make the course-work component in examinations suspect , however much its [evaluation] may be regulated by published sets of criteria .

In this second document , then , the Secretary of State showed himself aware of some of the differing demands : breadth with no sacrifice of depth ; practical content that will not displace the theoretical ; the maintenance , even the raising , of ‘ standards ’ , with a welcome none the less for those who might have approached learning and assessment in a new way .
in this second document , then , the secretary of state showed himself aware of some of the differing demands : breadth with no sacrifice of depth ; practical content that will not displace the theoretical ; the maintenance , even the raising , of ‘ standards ’ , with a welcome none the less for those who might have approached learning and [evaluation] in a new way .

While good co-operation from the nursing and medical practitioners speeds up the rehabilitation process , only the chartered or fully qualified physiotherapist with specialist training in the treatment of hemiplegic patients is equipped to provide a total programme of rehabilitation , based on an individual assessment of the patient 's limitations and potential .
while good co-operation from the nursing and medical practitioners speeds up the rehabilitation process , only the chartered or fully qualified physiotherapist with specialist training in the treatment of hemiplegic patients is equipped to provide a total programme of rehabilitation , based on an individual [evaluation] of the patient 's limitations and potential .

It was where physical prowess was under constant assessment and where a boy 's self-respect could be built up or crushed .
it was where physical prowess was under constant [evaluation] and where a boy 's self-respect could be built up or crushed .

The matter is raised here as one of principle , since individual decisions must rest with the adoption agency , and ultimately the courts , based upon an assessment of the suitability of the couple involved .
the matter is raised here as one of principle , since individual decisions must rest with the adoption agency , and ultimately the courts , based upon an [evaluation] of the suitability of the couple involved .

Clearly , much room is left for the discretion of the doctor , and this is as it should be , since the assessment of the patient 's prognosis is one of his distinct skills .
clearly , much room is left for the discretion of the doctor , and this is as it should be , since the [evaluation] of the patient 's prognosis is one of his distinct skills .

It is a report and valuation for mortgage and insurance assessment which is usually done in half an hour and consists of a general look at the property to see that it actually exists as described , and is not in a state of collapse or major disrepair .
it is a report and valuation for mortgage and insurance [evaluation] which is usually done in half an hour and consists of a general look at the property to see that it actually exists as described , and is not in a state of collapse or major disrepair .

10 % of house-buyers opt for a full structural survey ; this is a more detailed report based on a more exhaustive investigation and technical examination of the property — it lists the defects and includes an assessment of any remedial works which may need to be undertaken immediately and in the foreseeable future .
10 % of house-buyers opt for a full structural survey ; this is a more detailed report based on a more exhaustive investigation and technical examination of the property — it lists the defects and includes an [evaluation] of any remedial works which may need to be undertaken immediately and in the foreseeable future .

The Building Research Establishment , in attempting to assess the consequences of cracking , published an assessment of visible damage to walls and plaster .
the building research establishment , in attempting to assess the consequences of cracking , published an [evaluation] of visible damage to walls and plaster .

It is therefore necessary when conducting a survey of a flat to examine the lease to see what each owner is liable to pay for the upkeep of the building as a whole , to cross-question the managing agents on foreseeable charges , and to make some assessment of the state of the structure as a whole by looking in the roof space , checking for cracks in halls , staircases , basements and external walls .
it is therefore necessary when conducting a survey of a flat to examine the lease to see what each owner is liable to pay for the upkeep of the building as a whole , to cross-question the managing agents on foreseeable charges , and to make some [evaluation] of the state of the structure as a whole by looking in the roof space , checking for cracks in halls , staircases , basements and external walls .

Once you have chosen the approximate area in which you want to live and the area that fits your first criteria of need , want and mobility you must make a deeper assessment :
once you have chosen the approximate area in which you want to live and the area that fits your first criteria of need , want and mobility you must make a deeper [evaluation] :

Before you go to the expense of a professional survey , though , it is worth making a proper assessment yourself .
before you go to the expense of a professional survey , though , it is worth making a proper [evaluation] yourself .

For the purposes of tax assessment there are various types of income .
for the purposes of tax [evaluation] there are various types of income .

Once you are certain of your entitlements you can make a proper assessment of your financial situation .
once you are certain of your entitlements you can make a proper [evaluation] of your financial situation .

Overall assessment : Full marks for background , education , appearance .
overall [evaluation] : full marks for background , education , appearance .

Overall assessment : Terminally twittish to the point of tragedy . All in all , a sad case
overall [evaluation] : terminally twittish to the point of tragedy . all in all , a sad case

Overall assessment : Fair do 's , Peter gets a bit garbled and he ca n't handle telly but he 's a thoroughly decent and honest chap .
overall [evaluation] : fair do 's , peter gets a bit garbled and he ca n't handle telly but he 's a thoroughly decent and honest chap .

Not only are personal data not protected if a Cabinet Minister certifies that exemption is required ‘ for the purpose of safeguarding national security ’ ( a rather vague and wide catch-all phrase ) but there are other exemptions where the protection afforded by the Act is held to be ‘ likely to prejudice ’ the prevention or detection of crime , the apprehension or prosecution of offenders , or the assessment or collection of any tax or duty .
not only are personal data not protected if a cabinet minister certifies that exemption is required ‘ for the purpose of safeguarding national security ’ ( a rather vague and wide catch-all phrase ) but there are other exemptions where the protection afforded by the act is held to be ‘ likely to prejudice ’ the prevention or detection of crime , the apprehension or prosecution of offenders , or the [evaluation] or collection of any tax or duty .

When you have made an initial assessment of your strengths and weaknesses you will find it easier to recognize work for which you are genuinely suited .
when you have made an initial [evaluation] of your strengths and weaknesses you will find it easier to recognize work for which you are genuinely suited .

If you have already taken the trouble to make a searching assessment of yourself as a candidate this should not be impossibly difficult .
if you have already taken the trouble to make a searching [evaluation] of yourself as a candidate this should not be impossibly difficult .

Explain that you would need time to make a thorough assessment of the situation and would be aware of the dangers of treading on other people 's toes .
explain that you would need time to make a thorough [evaluation] of the situation and would be aware of the dangers of treading on other people 's toes .

In any social situation connected with work , even if you are unaware of any assessment taking place , it is only common sense to limit your intake of alcohol .
in any social situation connected with work , even if you are unaware of any [evaluation] taking place , it is only common sense to limit your intake of alcohol .

Staff is selected by hunches and instinct rather than a thorough assessment of candidates ' abilities and qualities by an interviewer with a clear picture of the job which is to be filled .
staff is selected by hunches and instinct rather than a thorough [evaluation] of candidates ' abilities and qualities by an interviewer with a clear picture of the job which is to be filled .

When the more straightforward side of the questioning has been dealt with it is usual for the interviewer to move on to more difficult areas of assessment — motivation , enthusiasm , ability to fit in with existing staff , flexibility , readiness to travel if necessary , stability of home background , etc .
when the more straightforward side of the questioning has been dealt with it is usual for the interviewer to move on to more difficult areas of [evaluation] — motivation , enthusiasm , ability to fit in with existing staff , flexibility , readiness to travel if necessary , stability of home background , etc .

Immediate post-interview assessment
immediate post-interview [evaluation]

In the final analysis you will have to make a decision that should be based on the most objective assessment you can make but relying to a certain extent on your own instinct and intuition .
in the final analysis you will have to make a decision that should be based on the most objective [evaluation] you can make but relying to a certain extent on your own instinct and intuition .

After six months , when the new employee has had a chance to settle in and learn the ropes , make a thorough and honest assessment of how well she/he is fulfilling the requirements .
after six months , when the new employee has had a chance to settle in and learn the ropes , make a thorough and honest [evaluation] of how well she/he is fulfilling the requirements .

Compare your new assessment with your summary at the time of the interview .
compare your new [evaluation] with your summary at the time of the interview .

The six-month assessment will at least allow you to learn from your mistakes by pinpointing which of the pitfalls mentioned during this section you may have fallen into .
the six-month [evaluation] will at least allow you to learn from your mistakes by pinpointing which of the pitfalls mentioned during this section you may have fallen into .

Although market researcher Market Assessment suggests charge card usage could increase by 43 per cent by 1995 , charge card companies , particularly American Express , have suffered from poor publicity in recent months as retailers spurn their cards and their associated high margins .
although market researcher market [evaluation] suggests charge card usage could increase by 43 per cent by 1995 , charge card companies , particularly american express , have suffered from poor publicity in recent months as retailers spurn their cards and their associated high margins .

Both American Express and Diners Club have lost ground to Mastercard Gold , which increased its share of the market by about 38 per cent in 1990 ( although from a small base ) and now has 19 per cent of the cards in issue by volume , compared with American Express ' 57 per cent and Diners Club 's 13 per cent , says Market Assessment .
both american express and diners club have lost ground to mastercard gold , which increased its share of the market by about 38 per cent in 1990 ( although from a small base ) and now has 19 per cent of the cards in issue by volume , compared with american express ' 57 per cent and diners club 's 13 per cent , says market [evaluation] .

An assessment of their monopoly power may also lead them to the conclusion that a substantial rise in their profit margin and consequent restriction of demand may increase their profit .
an [evaluation] of their monopoly power may also lead them to the conclusion that a substantial rise in their profit margin and consequent restriction of demand may increase their profit .

The Library Association Working Party on Training used a simple diagrammatic representation of a training cycle , as follows : Within the wider context of this training cycle , the following areas were considered : identification of needs , planning of programmes , and assessment of the effectiveness of training .
the library association working party on training used a simple diagrammatic representation of a training cycle , as follows : within the wider context of this training cycle , the following areas were considered : identification of needs , planning of programmes , and [evaluation] of the effectiveness of training .

Amongst the group with no training officer , evidence or specific mention of a training plan , based on assessment of needs of individuals and organizations was rare : the following comments were all made by authorities with training officers :
amongst the group with no training officer , evidence or specific mention of a training plan , based on [evaluation] of needs of individuals and organizations was rare : the following comments were all made by authorities with training officers :

‘ Assessment of effectiveness is not a ‘ one-off ’ activity at the end of a training programme but is an integral part of the training system , with assessment of effectiveness being related back to original training needs and used in the compilation of future programmes .
‘ [evaluation] of effectiveness is not a ‘ one-off ’ activity at the end of a training programme but is an integral part of the training system , with [evaluation] of effectiveness being related back to original training needs and used in the compilation of future programmes .

This is not highly encouraging , and perhaps it is not surprising that although the need for formal systematic planning was noted in our sample , and the concept of appraisal was mentioned by a small number of respondents , evaluation was rarely described in any depth , although 62% of the programmes described by the data sheets indicated that an assessment procedure was employed .
this is not highly encouraging , and perhaps it is not surprising that although the need for formal systematic planning was noted in our sample , and the concept of appraisal was mentioned by a small number of respondents , evaluation was rarely described in any depth , although 62% of the programmes described by the data sheets indicated that an [evaluation] procedure was employed .

Thus , some type of course assessment if not programme evaluation was carried out in the majority of cases .
thus , some type of course [evaluation] if not programme evaluation was carried out in the majority of cases .

‘ Some writers divide assessment of training effectiveness into two distinct processes , evaluation and validation .
‘ some writers divide [evaluation] of training effectiveness into two distinct processes , evaluation and validation .

Terminology in this field tends to be somewhat confused and it is more helpful to regard the assessment of training as one integrated process , while recognising that the facets described as evaluation and validation are contained within the general concept .
terminology in this field tends to be somewhat confused and it is more helpful to regard the [evaluation] of training as one integrated process , while recognising that the facets described as evaluation and validation are contained within the general concept .

While the majority of individual courses described by the data sheets were assessed , assessment of effectiveness of overall programmes , in the sense of the needs of the individual and the organization being identified and considered , was much less in evidence .
while the majority of individual courses described by the data sheets were assessed , [evaluation] of effectiveness of overall programmes , in the sense of the needs of the individual and the organization being identified and considered , was much less in evidence .

Currently , external course assessment is carried out either by the organization providing the course , or by individual users for the benefit of their own authorities .
currently , external course [evaluation] is carried out either by the organization providing the course , or by individual users for the benefit of their own authorities .

However , it is inefficient from a user 's point of view to leave course assessment to suppliers ( who will not necessarily be assessing the same thing as users ) , and inappropriate to expect individual users to be able to evaluate courses within any framework other than their own needs .
however , it is inefficient from a user 's point of view to leave course [evaluation] to suppliers ( who will not necessarily be assessing the same thing as users ) , and inappropriate to expect individual users to be able to evaluate courses within any framework other than their own needs .

And we have counselled many women who were both mentally bright and physically beautiful , whose personal assessment was that they were stupid and ugly .
and we have counselled many women who were both mentally bright and physically beautiful , whose personal [evaluation] was that they were stupid and ugly .

It is time to take a realistic assessment of your partner .
it is time to take a realistic [evaluation] of your partner .

All the quality papers led with an assessment of Too Long a Winter , and marvelled at the astonishing life led by this old lady with the gleaming white hair in that frozen lonely Yorkshire dale .
all the quality papers led with an [evaluation] of too long a winter , and marvelled at the astonishing life led by this old lady with the gleaming white hair in that frozen lonely yorkshire dale .

Health statistics tend to relate to large psychiatric hospitals which include younger patients and often it is not possible to distinguish costs for acute or assessment beds or for outpatient or day hospital attendances .
health statistics tend to relate to large psychiatric hospitals which include younger patients and often it is not possible to distinguish costs for acute or [evaluation] beds or for outpatient or day hospital attendances .

Any time spent with day hospital patients , on domiciliary visits , or work related to patients living at home , or acute or assessment patients , would need to be excluded .
any time spent with day hospital patients , on domiciliary visits , or work related to patients living at home , or acute or [evaluation] patients , would need to be excluded .

For example Bergmann et al , 1978 found that 38 per cent of a sample of 83 patients with organic mental disorder referred to a day hospital assessment unit lived alone ; and the authors concluded , after following up the sample for 12 months , that those who lived alone were least likely to be maintained at home for that period of time even with substantial support from social services , and recommended that resources should be concentrated on those who lived with their families .
for example bergmann et al , 1978 found that 38 per cent of a sample of 83 patients with organic mental disorder referred to a day hospital [evaluation] unit lived alone ; and the authors concluded , after following up the sample for 12 months , that those who lived alone were least likely to be maintained at home for that period of time even with substantial support from social services , and recommended that resources should be concentrated on those who lived with their families .

For example in Newcastle , Foster et al , 1976 , had shown , from an assessment of a sample of elderly people living in the community , that even though dementia sufferers received more social and health services support than other groups , nonetheless they still had greater unmet needs than other groups of dependent elderly people .
for example in newcastle , foster et al , 1976 , had shown , from an [evaluation] of a sample of elderly people living in the community , that even though dementia sufferers received more social and health services support than other groups , nonetheless they still had greater unmet needs than other groups of dependent elderly people .

The two areas did differ in the level of statutory service provision ; in Ipswich , home help input was available only two or three days a week for up to one and a half hours at a time , and a financial assessment and payment for home help had recently been introduced .
the two areas did differ in the level of statutory service provision ; in ipswich , home help input was available only two or three days a week for up to one and a half hours at a time , and a financial [evaluation] and payment for home help had recently been introduced .

The development officers also prepared forms for their own purposes : assessment forms , case records , and monthly action report forms for discussion with their supervisor .
the development officers also prepared forms for their own purposes : [evaluation] forms , case records , and monthly action report forms for discussion with their supervisor .

Referral and Assessment
referral and [evaluation]

On receipt of a referral the development officer instituted her assessment procedure .
on receipt of a referral the development officer instituted her [evaluation] procedure .

These she later filled in on an assessment form , She also contacted and talked to the client 's nearest relatives or other informal carers .
these she later filled in on an [evaluation] form , she also contacted and talked to the client 's nearest relatives or other informal carers .

The only parts of the Home Support Project which were not clearly understood at first were ( a ) its method of obtaining clients ( it was sometimes thought that any dementia sufferer in the borough could be referred directly to the development officer ) , and ( b ) the fact that the development officers could not step in immediately the psychogeriatrician referred a client to the project , but had to wait until the research assessment had been carried out ( which would confirm the client 's eligibility for the project service ) .
the only parts of the home support project which were not clearly understood at first were ( a ) its method of obtaining clients ( it was sometimes thought that any dementia sufferer in the borough could be referred directly to the development officer ) , and ( b ) the fact that the development officers could not step in immediately the psychogeriatrician referred a client to the project , but had to wait until the research [evaluation] had been carried out ( which would confirm the client 's eligibility for the project service ) .

Table 4.6 takes all those who were able to give an answer at both first and second assessments ( third assessment is omitted as numbers able to give an answer on all three occasions were very small ) , and compares the action and control samples on : the number who admitted to worrying in the past month ; said they had been sad or depressed ; said they had often been lonely ; and admitted to being not very or not at all happy ( for analysis of all items in the depression scale used in the interviews see Lindesay & Murphy , 1988 ) .
table 4.6 takes all those who were able to give an answer at both first and second assessments ( third [evaluation] is omitted as numbers able to give an answer on all three occasions were very small ) , and compares the action and control samples on : the number who admitted to worrying in the past month ; said they had been sad or depressed ; said they had often been lonely ; and admitted to being not very or not at all happy ( for analysis of all items in the depression scale used in the interviews see lindesay & murphy , 1988 ) .

One can have more confidence , however , in the assessment of various activities of daily living .
one can have more confidence , however , in the [evaluation] of various activities of daily living .

Even at first assessment the difficulties faced by these dementia sufferers are apparent : two-thirds could not identify three coins , three out of five could not name three or four parts of a watch , and one half could not tell the time or correctly select a medicine bottle .
even at first [evaluation] the difficulties faced by these dementia sufferers are apparent : two-thirds could not identify three coins , three out of five could not name three or four parts of a watch , and one half could not tell the time or correctly select a medicine bottle .

Conversely slightly more of the action sample were receiving meals-on-wheels by the time of the second assessment but this is probably because more of the control sample were out receiving day care and therefore were less likely to require them .
conversely slightly more of the action sample were receiving meals-on-wheels by the time of the second [evaluation] but this is probably because more of the control sample were out receiving day care and therefore were less likely to require them .

By the time of the second or third assessment , if people are still at home the typical situation involves a mixture of two or more services , such as home help , meals-on-wheels , nursing , day care , and so on .
by the time of the second or third [evaluation] , if people are still at home the typical situation involves a mixture of two or more services , such as home help , meals-on-wheels , nursing , day care , and so on .

The table shows , firstly , that there was a difference between Ipswich and Newham ; at each assessment period Newham Services were costing more .
the table shows , firstly , that there was a difference between ipswich and newham ; at each [evaluation] period newham services were costing more .

Secondly Table 6.1 shows that community service costs increased markedly between first and second assessment ( as one would expect , given that referral to the psychogeriatric service , even without the operation of the Home Support Project , is usually the signal for an assessment of home care needs ) .
secondly table 6.1 shows that community service costs increased markedly between first and second [evaluation] ( as one would expect , given that referral to the psychogeriatric service , even without the operation of the home support project , is usually the signal for an [evaluation] of home care needs ) .

In Newham the cost of services continued to rise slightly to the time of the third assessment , but in Ipswich they dropped back a little .
in newham the cost of services continued to rise slightly to the time of the third [evaluation] , but in ipswich they dropped back a little .

This was due to the fact that in Ipswich more of the heavy consumers of community services had died or gone into institutional care by the time of the third assessment , leaving a smaller proportion of heavily dependent people than in Newham .
this was due to the fact that in ipswich more of the heavy consumers of community services had died or gone into institutional care by the time of the third [evaluation] , leaving a smaller proportion of heavily dependent people than in newham .

In Tables 6.2 and 6.3 the differences between the two groups are all in the expected direction , with the scale of the difference between the less costly and more costly being very similar for both variables ; some of the differences are large enough to be statistically significant , for example that between those who lived with others or alone in Newham at second assessment ( significant at the one per cent level ) .
in tables 6.2 and 6.3 the differences between the two groups are all in the expected direction , with the scale of the difference between the less costly and more costly being very similar for both variables ; some of the differences are large enough to be statistically significant , for example that between those who lived with others or alone in newham at second [evaluation] ( significant at the one per cent level ) .

The cost of community care for action sample clients is of course higher than for people in the control samples because the cost of support worker time plus a proportion of the time of the development officers was included in the assessment of community service costs at the time of second and third assessments .
the cost of community care for action sample clients is of course higher than for people in the control samples because the cost of support worker time plus a proportion of the time of the development officers was included in the [evaluation] of community service costs at the time of second and third assessments .

But in the action samples the costs increased six-fold in Ipswich and three-fold in Newham between referral and third assessment , whereas in the control samples they only doubled in both Ipswich and Newham .
but in the action samples the costs increased six-fold in ipswich and three-fold in newham between referral and third [evaluation] , whereas in the control samples they only doubled in both ipswich and newham .

The three whose costs were unexpectedly low at second assessment were exceptional cases for the reasons stated at the foot of the table .
the three whose costs were unexpectedly low at second [evaluation] were exceptional cases for the reasons stated at the foot of the table .

The sum saved is based on a calculation of the average community service costs of all relevant clients at six month and/or 12 month assessment .
the sum saved is based on a calculation of the average community service costs of all relevant clients at six month and/or 12 month [evaluation] .

Dr Jean Valnet , a French doctor and ex-army surgeon , has contributed most to the medical assessment and acceptance of the treatment .
dr jean valnet , a french doctor and ex-army surgeon , has contributed most to the medical [evaluation] and acceptance of the treatment .

The assessment of the value of the occupation of property is made by an officer of the Civil Service — the Valuation Officer .
the [evaluation] of the value of the occupation of property is made by an officer of the civil service — the valuation officer .

The rate is the net amount required by the local authority to meet the estimated expenditure and is levied on the occupiers of all properties in the valuation list according to the assessment of each property .
the rate is the net amount required by the local authority to meet the estimated expenditure and is levied on the occupiers of all properties in the valuation list according to the [evaluation] of each property .

The assessment tools of most professionals concentrate on the degree of impairment rather than the degree of potential .
the [evaluation] tools of most professionals concentrate on the degree of impairment rather than the degree of potential .

’ Long delays in the supply of equipment are commonplace , and poor assessment frequently leads to inappropriate or inadequate aids being supplied .
’ long delays in the supply of equipment are commonplace , and poor [evaluation] frequently leads to inappropriate or inadequate aids being supplied .

In the future , admission to nursing or residential care will be conditional on assessment , and with local authorities becoming responsible for the costs of residents requiring public support , such admissions will come under critical financial scrutiny .
in the future , admission to nursing or residential care will be conditional on [evaluation] , and with local authorities becoming responsible for the costs of residents requiring public support , such admissions will come under critical financial scrutiny .

What we see is a fleeing away from the central issue of judgement and assessment .
what we see is a fleeing away from the central issue of judgement and [evaluation] .

When the Civil Service proceeded to the first comprehensive retirement programme in the 1850s , the justification for imposing the cowardly administrative convenience of an age barrier was how invidious it would have been to attempt any form of assessment .
when the civil service proceeded to the first comprehensive retirement programme in the 1850s , the justification for imposing the cowardly administrative convenience of an age barrier was how invidious it would have been to attempt any form of [evaluation] .

What is necessary is its replacement by formats of review and assessment including , if appropriate , medical and physical tests , but irrespective of age .
what is necessary is its replacement by formats of review and [evaluation] including , if appropriate , medical and physical tests , but irrespective of age .

As they were demolished , more refined and juster modes of recruitment , selection and assessment had to be developed .
as they were demolished , more refined and juster modes of recruitment , selection and [evaluation] had to be developed .

Of the others — and this is no more than reportage of answers to the question - the ambulance services emerge reasonably well , in that they allow service by right of assessment .
of the others — and this is no more than reportage of answers to the question - the ambulance services emerge reasonably well , in that they allow service by right of [evaluation] .

In practical terms , the replacement theory could well be utilised : it would seem useless to go to the insurance companies merely waving a banner or principle ; if methods of assessment , such as medical tests , were introduced , insurers might find them more acceptable .
in practical terms , the replacement theory could well be utilised : it would seem useless to go to the insurance companies merely waving a banner or principle ; if methods of [evaluation] , such as medical tests , were introduced , insurers might find them more acceptable .

the establishment of forms of fixed terms of appointment , assessment , review etc which obviate the need to use age as a convenient tool ;
the establishment of forms of fixed terms of appointment , [evaluation] , review etc which obviate the need to use age as a convenient tool ;

the establishment of fixed terms of appointment , assessment , review etc which obviate the need to use age as a predetermined limit ;
the establishment of fixed terms of appointment , [evaluation] , review etc which obviate the need to use age as a predetermined limit ;

Murrie prepared for Brook 's return an assessment of the factors contributing to the overloading of Mr Attlee 's engine room .
murrie prepared for brook 's return an [evaluation] of the factors contributing to the overloading of mr attlee 's engine room .

Is that a fair assessment of it ?
is that a fair [evaluation] of it ?

On the intelligence assessment of possible trouble with the Argentines in the South Atlantic , you say the intelligence assessments were it might boil up in … August … 1982 .
on the intelligence [evaluation] of possible trouble with the argentines in the south atlantic , you say the intelligence assessments were it might boil up in … august … 1982 .

The Franks Report was critical of the operation of the Joint Intelligence Committee and its assessment machinery .
the franks report was critical of the operation of the joint intelligence committee and its [evaluation] machinery .

As we have seen only the papers relevant to the subject of our review , we are not able to judge how the assessment machinery deals with areas of higher priority , but we believe that , in dealing with Argentina and the Falkland Islands , it was too passive in operation to respond quickly and critically to a rapidly changing situation which demanded urgent attention .
as we have seen only the papers relevant to the subject of our review , we are not able to judge how the [evaluation] machinery deals with areas of higher priority , but we believe that , in dealing with argentina and the falkland islands , it was too passive in operation to respond quickly and critically to a rapidly changing situation which demanded urgent attention .

We consider that the assessment machinery should be reviewed .
we consider that the [evaluation] machinery should be reviewed .

Famous too was Chapman 's assessment of talent in young players , whom he would watch after reading weekly reports from his four scouts .
famous too was chapman 's [evaluation] of talent in young players , whom he would watch after reading weekly reports from his four scouts .

Chapman 's accurate assessment of Male 's qualities was shown too when he switched him from wing-half to full-back .
chapman 's accurate [evaluation] of male 's qualities was shown too when he switched him from wing-half to full-back .

But despite their limitations , circulation measures can provide librarians with a good deal of valuable information for the assessment of stock and user needs , and the promoters of automated circulation systems have been quick to point out the facilities such systems offer for a closer analysis of detail .
but despite their limitations , circulation measures can provide librarians with a good deal of valuable information for the [evaluation] of stock and user needs , and the promoters of automated circulation systems have been quick to point out the facilities such systems offer for a closer analysis of detail .

‘ Book evaluation ’ relates to the assessment or appraisal of material .
‘ book evaluation ’ relates to the [evaluation] or appraisal of material .

The interest and motivation of the reader will normally overcome any deficiencies in the writing , and the librarian need not waste time attempting stylistic assessment .
the interest and motivation of the reader will normally overcome any deficiencies in the writing , and the librarian need not waste time attempting stylistic [evaluation] .

An important criticism of Slote 's and Trueswell 's theories is put forward by Taylor and Urquhart in their research study Management and assessment of stock control in academic libraries in which they claim that the main predictor of future use in a research collection is not the frequency of past use but the imprint date of items in the collection .
an important criticism of slote 's and trueswell 's theories is put forward by taylor and urquhart in their research study management and [evaluation] of stock control in academic libraries in which they claim that the main predictor of future use in a research collection is not the frequency of past use but the imprint date of items in the collection .

The obligatory consultation period for prior approval from National Park Authorities for agricultural proposals attracting grant aid in National Parks should be increased from 1 month to a maximum of 3 months in order to give NPAs a more reasonable time for an assessment of the proposal 's implications and to take specialist advice .
the obligatory consultation period for prior approval from national park authorities for agricultural proposals attracting grant aid in national parks should be increased from 1 month to a maximum of 3 months in order to give npas a more reasonable time for an [evaluation] of the proposal 's implications and to take specialist advice .

As a result of workshops at a Westminster conference ( described in Chapter 2 ) , wide-ranging recommendations for bureau development were put together for further assessment and implementation .
as a result of workshops at a westminster conference ( described in chapter 2 ) , wide-ranging recommendations for bureau development were put together for further [evaluation] and implementation .

Management committees are being asked to take more responsibility for the shaping of their bureaux by participating in the planning and assessment processes .
management committees are being asked to take more responsibility for the shaping of their bureaux by participating in the planning and [evaluation] processes .

Finally , we have seen in humans that the assessment of specific therapies is always complicated by the presence of the placebo response .
finally , we have seen in humans that the [evaluation] of specific therapies is always complicated by the presence of the placebo response .

In summary , the assessment of pain in babies and animals is so much more difficult than in adult humans that we must face the likelihood that we often get it wrong .
in summary , the [evaluation] of pain in babies and animals is so much more difficult than in adult humans that we must face the likelihood that we often get it wrong .

If the problem is serious or you feel you can not be confident of an impartial assessment of your complaint from the key men in the corporate hierarchy , you will probably need to turn elsewhere .
if the problem is serious or you feel you can not be confident of an impartial [evaluation] of your complaint from the key men in the corporate hierarchy , you will probably need to turn elsewhere .

Assessment methods range from the formal and sophisticated to the haphazard .
[evaluation] methods range from the formal and sophisticated to the haphazard .

It may be extremely hard for your employer to justify a poor grading at assessment time when earlier in the year you received a letter from the chairman specifically thanking and praising you for your efforts .
it may be extremely hard for your employer to justify a poor grading at [evaluation] time when earlier in the year you received a letter from the chairman specifically thanking and praising you for your efforts .

Yet while the ultimate decision on your future involves a fair assessment of the industrial realities rather than a precise medical diagnosis , the quotation above shows the importance of seeking a doctor 's prognosis .
yet while the ultimate decision on your future involves a fair [evaluation] of the industrial realities rather than a precise medical diagnosis , the quotation above shows the importance of seeking a doctor 's prognosis .

While an industrial tribunal may err if it misinterprets these guidelines , the Employment Appeal Tribunal has emphasised that , for all the potential complexity , the assessment of compensation is inevitably a rough-and-ready exercise .
while an industrial tribunal may err if it misinterprets these guidelines , the employment appeal tribunal has emphasised that , for all the potential complexity , the [evaluation] of compensation is inevitably a rough-and-ready exercise .

Similarly , your employer , whether out of a genuine spirit of goodwill , a hard-headed assessment of the damage that a court case might do or a combination of the two , may decide that the best course is to seek an amicable parting of the ways .
similarly , your employer , whether out of a genuine spirit of goodwill , a hard-headed [evaluation] of the damage that a court case might do or a combination of the two , may decide that the best course is to seek an amicable parting of the ways .

You should brief your adviser fully and seek his assessment of the pros and cons of your intended course before implementing it .
you should brief your adviser fully and seek his [evaluation] of the pros and cons of your intended course before implementing it .

This new assessment of his home marked an important casting off , a kind of liberation , and if in later years Ottery remained symbolically important to Coleridge , that was only because his recollections of the shaping years of childhood all seemed to gather at the town .
this new [evaluation] of his home marked an important casting off , a kind of liberation , and if in later years ottery remained symbolically important to coleridge , that was only because his recollections of the shaping years of childhood all seemed to gather at the town .

The aim of this conference is to provide a forum for agrochemical producers , risk assessment professionals , regulators , academics and all those with an interest in the safe and effective use of agrochemicals .
the aim of this conference is to provide a forum for agrochemical producers , risk [evaluation] professionals , regulators , academics and all those with an interest in the safe and effective use of agrochemicals .

Finally there may be a role for either haemodialysis or continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis , and cadaveric renal transplantation must not be forgotten , although assessment for such treatment can only be undertaken at a few specialist centres .
finally there may be a role for either haemodialysis or continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis , and cadaveric renal transplantation must not be forgotten , although [evaluation] for such treatment can only be undertaken at a few specialist centres .

Home monitoring is now possible using test strips either in conjunction with a meter or simply using visual assessment .
home monitoring is now possible using test strips either in conjunction with a meter or simply using visual [evaluation] .

The biggest problem with the diabetic clinic is that time tends to be very limited and perhaps it is best regarded as a place for assessment and the identification of problems , with a little time for education .
the biggest problem with the diabetic clinic is that time tends to be very limited and perhaps it is best regarded as a place for [evaluation] and the identification of problems , with a little time for education .

Sedimentological details have been described by Tunbridge ( 1983 ) , but the reservoir potential of these and other arenaceous beds requires further assessment .
sedimentological details have been described by tunbridge ( 1983 ) , but the reservoir potential of these and other arenaceous beds requires further [evaluation] .

At this high level , it was only possible to make a broad assessment of these requirements , and further ideas were developed as the study progressed to lower levels of detail .
at this high level , it was only possible to make a broad [evaluation] of these requirements , and further ideas were developed as the study progressed to lower levels of detail .

There are certain obvious differences between the first two models , the most significant being the basis of their construction , ie the first is demand driven , relies on an accurate assessment of costs , and is not concerned with financial constraints ; the second is constrained at the outset by the finance that is available , restricting resource levels regardless of the actual needs of Colleges .
there are certain obvious differences between the first two models , the most significant being the basis of their construction , ie the first is demand driven , relies on an accurate [evaluation] of costs , and is not concerned with financial constraints ; the second is constrained at the outset by the finance that is available , restricting resource levels regardless of the actual needs of colleges .

It may be possible to gain access to past records so that a realistic assessment can be made of achievable levels ; alternatively , in the absence of any historical data , utopian levels ( eg 100 % ) could be set initially , then modified if the auditing process highlights that they are unattainable .
it may be possible to gain access to past records so that a realistic [evaluation] can be made of achievable levels ; alternatively , in the absence of any historical data , utopian levels ( eg 100 % ) could be set initially , then modified if the auditing process highlights that they are unattainable .

Consequently the assessment was mainly a qualitative one carried out at a fairly high level , with little examination made of matters such as staff increases , equipment costs , technical feasibility , and so on .
consequently the [evaluation] was mainly a qualitative one carried out at a fairly high level , with little examination made of matters such as staff increases , equipment costs , technical feasibility , and so on .

In addition , experience has shown that it is equally important to make a provisional assessment of factors such as development and staffing costs , and the technical feasibility of pursuing any proposed computer initiatives .
in addition , experience has shown that it is equally important to make a provisional [evaluation] of factors such as development and staffing costs , and the technical feasibility of pursuing any proposed computer initiatives .

There has been relatively little formal assessment of the efficiency of alternative health care programmes or treatments in the United Kingdom ( Ludbrook & Mooney , 1983 ; Drummond & Hutton , 1987 ) .
there has been relatively little formal [evaluation] of the efficiency of alternative health care programmes or treatments in the united kingdom ( ludbrook & mooney , 1983 ; drummond & hutton , 1987 ) .

in what ways are the White Paper proposals likely to encourage assessment of efficiency ;
in what ways are the white paper proposals likely to encourage [evaluation] of efficiency ;

First , assessment of efficiency explicitly requires consideration of both the resource use and the improvements in health obtained from the use of health care interventions .
first , [evaluation] of efficiency explicitly requires consideration of both the resource use and the improvements in health obtained from the use of health care interventions .

Secondly , assessment of efficiency implies a wide consideration of the costs of health care programmes .
secondly , [evaluation] of efficiency implies a wide consideration of the costs of health care programmes .

Impact of the White Paper proposals on the assessment of efficiency
impact of the white paper proposals on the [evaluation] of efficiency

Indeed , in situations where Health Authorities have had easy access to the skills of economists , as through the York Health Economics Consortium ( University of York , 1990 ) , demand has been high , suggesting that the appropriate skills for the assessment of efficiency have been lacking in the past .
indeed , in situations where health authorities have had easy access to the skills of economists , as through the york health economics consortium ( university of york , 1990 ) , demand has been high , suggesting that the appropriate skills for the [evaluation] of efficiency have been lacking in the past .

Even less is known about the assessment of efficiency in family practitioner services .
even less is known about the [evaluation] of efficiency in family practitioner services .

Given the current arrangements in primary and secondary care , it is hardly surprising that there has been so little assessment of efficiency to date .
given the current arrangements in primary and secondary care , it is hardly surprising that there has been so little [evaluation] of efficiency to date .

The next sections of the paper examine a number of the key proposals in relation to the impact they may have on the assessment of efficiency .
the next sections of the paper examine a number of the key proposals in relation to the impact they may have on the [evaluation] of efficiency .

Although the precise management arrangements for each type of contract will differ , the contracting procedure will incorporate several key steps , many of which offer the opportunity for assessment of efficiency .
although the precise management arrangements for each type of contract will differ , the contracting procedure will incorporate several key steps , many of which offer the opportunity for [evaluation] of efficiency .

In essence , this requires assessment of whether the extra benefits exceed the higher costs .
in essence , this requires [evaluation] of whether the extra benefits exceed the higher costs .

Economic evaluation , with its explicit assessment of costs and health improvement , is again well placed to offer essential data to inform these choices .
economic evaluation , with its explicit [evaluation] of costs and health improvement , is again well placed to offer essential data to inform these choices .

In addition , it provides the logical level at which to undertake quality assessment , audit and utilisation review activities .
in addition , it provides the logical level at which to undertake quality [evaluation] , audit and utilisation review activities .

The range of managerial roles — always varied — will tend to polarise around ‘ purchasers ’ and ‘ suppliers ’ ; a consequence for management developers is the need to pay more attention to recruitment , assessment and career guidance in the new decade .
the range of managerial roles — always varied — will tend to polarise around ‘ purchasers ’ and ‘ suppliers ’ ; a consequence for management developers is the need to pay more attention to recruitment , [evaluation] and career guidance in the new decade .

’ The Board made it clear that ‘ if a School Board is resolved upon , the arrangement by which the Company now pay rates upon their cottage property will be terminated , and that the rates will have to be paid by the tenants themselves : On the other hand , if the Board is not decided upon , the Company will combine with the remaining £4,000 of assessment in the Parish with a view of providing a small Infant School at Old Bradwell .
’ the board made it clear that ‘ if a school board is resolved upon , the arrangement by which the company now pay rates upon their cottage property will be terminated , and that the rates will have to be paid by the tenants themselves : on the other hand , if the board is not decided upon , the company will combine with the remaining £4,000 of [evaluation] in the parish with a view of providing a small infant school at old bradwell .

This one focuses particularly on ‘ the development and implementation of curriculum and assessment policies at national , municipal and school levels and on the degree of professional , parental , pupil and community involvement in decision-making about education ’ .
this one focuses particularly on ‘ the development and implementation of curriculum and [evaluation] policies at national , municipal and school levels and on the degree of professional , parental , pupil and community involvement in decision-making about education ’ .

Nor does the low profile of central documentation seem to be balanced by particularly energetic assessment procedures at school level :
nor does the low profile of central documentation seem to be balanced by particularly energetic [evaluation] procedures at school level :

In the foreseeable future we are unlikely to achieve an average class size of 18 , or a stable class group over the primary/secondary range , or a single class teacher linking both primary and secondary phases , or a more relaxed attitude towards assessment .
in the foreseeable future we are unlikely to achieve an average class size of 18 , or a stable class group over the primary/secondary range , or a single class teacher linking both primary and secondary phases , or a more relaxed attitude towards [evaluation] .

Many of these problems are concentrated upon the area of assessment .
many of these problems are concentrated upon the area of [evaluation] .

What an international perspective can add is a sense of the contradictions or points of stress in the new structures : the attempt to shift the whole system by floods of detailed description and prescription and the consequent overloading of channels of communication ; the preoccupation with assessment to the point where it may overwhelm the teaching ; the ambivalent character of statutory syllabuses as being at once central regulation and individual entitlement ; the potentially disruptive and anomalous role of governing bodies which may act simply as local guardians of centrally determined norms , but may also be educated to accept more subtle and flexible views of what schools can and should do , and may develop the political clout to do something about it .
what an international perspective can add is a sense of the contradictions or points of stress in the new structures : the attempt to shift the whole system by floods of detailed description and prescription and the consequent overloading of channels of communication ; the preoccupation with [evaluation] to the point where it may overwhelm the teaching ; the ambivalent character of statutory syllabuses as being at once central regulation and individual entitlement ; the potentially disruptive and anomalous role of governing bodies which may act simply as local guardians of centrally determined norms , but may also be educated to accept more subtle and flexible views of what schools can and should do , and may develop the political clout to do something about it .

The proposals for testing and assessment were more cautiously received .
the proposals for testing and [evaluation] were more cautiously received .

Schools Examination and Assessment Council
schools examination and [evaluation] council

To advise the Secretary of State on the practical considerations which should govern all assessment including testing of attainment at age ( approximately ) 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 within a national curriculum , including the marking scale or scales and kinds of assessment including testing to be used , the need to differentiate so that the assessment can promote learning across a range of abilities , the relative roles of informative and of diagnostic assessment , the uses to which the results of assessment should be put , the moderation requirements needed to secure credibility of assessments , and the publication and other services needed to support the system — with a view to securing assessment and testing arrangements which are simple to administer , understandable by all in and outside the education service , cost effective and supportive of learning in schools .
to advise the secretary of state on the practical considerations which should govern all [evaluation] including testing of attainment at age ( approximately ) 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 within a national curriculum , including the marking scale or scales and kinds of [evaluation] including testing to be used , the need to differentiate so that the [evaluation] can promote learning across a range of abilities , the relative roles of informative and of diagnostic [evaluation] , the uses to which the results of [evaluation] should be put , the moderation requirements needed to secure credibility of assessments , and the publication and other services needed to support the system — with a view to securing [evaluation] and testing arrangements which are simple to administer , understandable by all in and outside the education service , cost effective and supportive of learning in schools .

To advise on the possible staging of the introduction of assessment , including testing to reflect the need for the process to be manageable and for teachers to be adequately trained .
to advise on the possible staging of the introduction of [evaluation] , including testing to reflect the need for the process to be manageable and for teachers to be adequately trained .

They argued that the basis of the national assessment system should be essentially formative , that is designed to contribute to learning and not simply summative , by which is meant the simple recording of acquired knowledge or skill .
they argued that the basis of the national [evaluation] system should be essentially formative , that is designed to contribute to learning and not simply summative , by which is meant the simple recording of acquired knowledge or skill .

They also emphasised that all assessment information about an individual should be treated as confidential , and confined to those with a clear ‘ need to know ’ .
they also emphasised that all [evaluation] information about an individual should be treated as confidential , and confined to those with a clear ‘ need to know ’ .

These are to be called Standard Assessment Tasks ( SATs ) .
these are to be called standard [evaluation] tasks ( sats ) .

Only on the question of how assessment results should be presented in the light of socio-economic circumstances did the report lack credibility .
only on the question of how [evaluation] results should be presented in the light of socio-economic circumstances did the report lack credibility .

to keep all aspects of examinations and assessment under review
to keep all aspects of examinations and [evaluation] under review

to advise the Secretary of State on such matters concerned with examinations and assessment as he may refer to it or as it may see fit
to advise the secretary of state on such matters concerned with examinations and [evaluation] as he may refer to it or as it may see fit

to advise the Secretary of State on , and if so requested by him , assist him to carry out , programmes of research and development for purposes conflicted with examinations and assessment
to advise the secretary of state on , and if so requested by him , assist him to carry out , programmes of research and development for purposes conflicted with examinations and [evaluation]

to publish and disseminate … information relating to examinations and assessment
to publish and disseminate … information relating to examinations and [evaluation]

to make arrangements with appropriate bodies for the moderation of assessments made in pursuance of assessment arrangements
to make arrangements with appropriate bodies for the moderation of assessments made in pursuance of [evaluation] arrangements

It is of course possible to attempt to meet the second objection through the construction of checks and balances , principally through the National Curriculum Council and the Schools Examination and Assessment Council .
it is of course possible to attempt to meet the second objection through the construction of checks and balances , principally through the national curriculum council and the schools examination and [evaluation] council .

In the 1970s , Sir Alec set us laughing at some of the items in the Educational Assessment Program in the state of Michigan :
in the 1970s , sir alec set us laughing at some of the items in the educational [evaluation] program in the state of michigan :

Newsam who wrote the piece before the National Curriculum and its assessment procedures were planned ended the piece by remarking with irony ‘ As with any good joke , a child can understand the fable .
newsam who wrote the piece before the national curriculum and its [evaluation] procedures were planned ended the piece by remarking with irony ‘ as with any good joke , a child can understand the fable .

It is in the field of assessment that the new arrangements are likely to pose the most difficulties for teachers and distract them from their first task of finding their way into ‘ the very queer and tortuous passages of children 's minds ’ .
it is in the field of [evaluation] that the new arrangements are likely to pose the most difficulties for teachers and distract them from their first task of finding their way into ‘ the very queer and tortuous passages of children 's minds ’ .

Equally it seems nonsense to anticipate the recording of that volume and complexity of assessment for each child during lesson time .
equally it seems nonsense to anticipate the recording of that volume and complexity of [evaluation] for each child during lesson time .

So , simply in its volume the assessment system itself represents a burden for primary school teachers .
so , simply in its volume the [evaluation] system itself represents a burden for primary school teachers .

If there is an overcrowding of the scope of the curriculum , however , it is more than matched , as we have seen in the primary illustrations , by the prospective assessment system .
if there is an overcrowding of the scope of the curriculum , however , it is more than matched , as we have seen in the primary illustrations , by the prospective [evaluation] system .

The national assessment system will serve several purposes .
the national [evaluation] system will serve several purposes .

Helpful for professional development , in that the process of carrying out systematic assessment , — recording attainment and moderating the outcomes and discussion with other teachers will provide a valuable basis for teachers to evaluate their own work and to gain access to new thinking .
helpful for professional development , in that the process of carrying out systematic [evaluation] , — recording attainment and moderating the outcomes and discussion with other teachers will provide a valuable basis for teachers to evaluate their own work and to gain access to new thinking .

Testing of children has always legitimately had separate purposes : diagnostic — to enable the teacher to calibrate their own assessment of a child 's difficulty and judge the next best line for development ; setting of tests to establish mastery of a particular piece of learning when of concept , skill or information ; and standardised to set one 's own information against some comparators .
testing of children has always legitimately had separate purposes : diagnostic — to enable the teacher to calibrate their own [evaluation] of a child 's difficulty and judge the next best line for development ; setting of tests to establish mastery of a particular piece of learning when of concept , skill or information ; and standardised to set one 's own information against some comparators .

To this normal activity of teachers , however , the 1988 Education Act has added the competitive market aspects we have noted , the combination of which threatens to disturb and distort the normal observation and assessment techniques of the successful teacher .
to this normal activity of teachers , however , the 1988 education act has added the competitive market aspects we have noted , the combination of which threatens to disturb and distort the normal observation and [evaluation] techniques of the successful teacher .

There is one more point which demands notice in the design of assessment — namely its untried novelty .
there is one more point which demands notice in the design of [evaluation] — namely its untried novelty .

That quality , at least initially when combined with other innovation being imposed on the school system , is likely to lead to a distraction of the teachers ' time from the sort of effortless teaching strategies , hard won over decades , as they are drawn into the steep learning curve of the unfamiliar new language of the National Curriculum and its assessment .
that quality , at least initially when combined with other innovation being imposed on the school system , is likely to lead to a distraction of the teachers ' time from the sort of effortless teaching strategies , hard won over decades , as they are drawn into the steep learning curve of the unfamiliar new language of the national curriculum and its [evaluation] .

Clearly there will soon come a point where every practising teacher will become familiar with the ‘ newspeak ’ of attainment targets , statements of attainment , levels , keystages , programmes of study , standard assessment tasks , and profile components , with none of which any of us was familiar two short years ago .
clearly there will soon come a point where every practising teacher will become familiar with the ‘ newspeak ’ of attainment targets , statements of attainment , levels , keystages , programmes of study , standard [evaluation] tasks , and profile components , with none of which any of us was familiar two short years ago .

If the weight of the assessment detail were to lead to an understandable desire for simplification , there is another awful danger awaiting the child .
if the weight of the [evaluation] detail were to lead to an understandable desire for simplification , there is another awful danger awaiting the child .

Will this simplification , especially as the assessment system is to be discussed in terms of levels , lead to the child being labelled and known prematurely as a ‘ level one child ’ or a ‘ level two child ’ and so on ?
will this simplification , especially as the [evaluation] system is to be discussed in terms of levels , lead to the child being labelled and known prematurely as a ‘ level one child ’ or a ‘ level two child ’ and so on ?

It lay in the changed stance between teacher and learner and in the modification of techniques and strategies of the former , and increased motivation and precision of objectives in the latter — in short in the formative rather than summative stance of assessment and learning .
it lay in the changed stance between teacher and learner and in the modification of techniques and strategies of the former , and increased motivation and precision of objectives in the latter — in short in the formative rather than summative stance of [evaluation] and learning .

The child at whatever age needs stimulation and assessment , competition against self and against others in a carefully constructed and sensitively handled framework .
the child at whatever age needs stimulation and [evaluation] , competition against self and against others in a carefully constructed and sensitively handled framework .

There is still real concern about the nature of the assessment process , though now it has to do more with its extreme complexity than with the simplistic naïveté of the earlier proposals , and with the fundamental differences of approach that are emerging between the examiners and the curriculum planners .
there is still real concern about the nature of the [evaluation] process , though now it has to do more with its extreme complexity than with the simplistic naïveté of the earlier proposals , and with the fundamental differences of approach that are emerging between the examiners and the curriculum planners .

Here , in primary legislation , the essentials are prescribed : the three core subjects of mathematics , English and science ; the seven foundation subjects ( history , geography , technology , music , art , physical education and - in secondary schools — a modern foreign language ) ; the ‘ basic , subject , religious education ; the mechanisms of programmes of study , attainment targets and keystage assessment by means of which the objectives of breadth , balance and quality were to be achieved .
here , in primary legislation , the essentials are prescribed : the three core subjects of mathematics , english and science ; the seven foundation subjects ( history , geography , technology , music , art , physical education and - in secondary schools — a modern foreign language ) ; the ‘ basic , subject , religious education ; the mechanisms of programmes of study , attainment targets and keystage [evaluation] by means of which the objectives of breadth , balance and quality were to be achieved .

The need to think in these terms , and to build in systematic and continuous assessment of progress , is an unexpected by-product of the legislation , and probably a bonus .
the need to think in these terms , and to build in systematic and continuous [evaluation] of progress , is an unexpected by-product of the legislation , and probably a bonus .

We do not as yet have full details of the standard assessment tasks which will be used at the ages of seven and eleven and subsequently ; if they do not provide a means of screening for learning difficulty , and identifying the nature of the difficulty , a significant opportunity will have been missed .
we do not as yet have full details of the standard [evaluation] tasks which will be used at the ages of seven and eleven and subsequently ; if they do not provide a means of screening for learning difficulty , and identifying the nature of the difficulty , a significant opportunity will have been missed .

Anticipating the detail of the National Curriculum and assessment arrangements is unlikely to be helpful , as Circular 5/89 revealingly points out .
anticipating the detail of the national curriculum and [evaluation] arrangements is unlikely to be helpful , as circular 5/89 revealingly points out .

It will be essential to establish whole-school assessment and recording procedures .
it will be essential to establish whole-school [evaluation] and recording procedures .

Education is not a production line , teachers are not operatives , and assessment is more than quality control .
education is not a production line , teachers are not operatives , and [evaluation] is more than quality control .

It is , after all , about sequence , pattern , linear movement and periodic assessment .
it is , after all , about sequence , pattern , linear movement and periodic [evaluation] .

To do this the head needs to lead the staff to address four issues in practical , original ways : ‘ continuity ’ , ‘ balance ’ , ‘ subject specialism or integration ’ , and ‘ assessment ’ .
to do this the head needs to lead the staff to address four issues in practical , original ways : ‘ continuity ’ , ‘ balance ’ , ‘ subject specialism or integration ’ , and ‘ [evaluation] ’ .

Assessment and evaluation
[evaluation] and evaluation

There is a real danger that the language of the assessment process is too vague .
there is a real danger that the language of the [evaluation] process is too vague .

But they must first study a variety of assessment procedures , try them out , and research the outcomes rigorously .
but they must first study a variety of [evaluation] procedures , try them out , and research the outcomes rigorously .

There is the possibility that behaviourist principles will define the programmes of work and assessment targets even more closely .
there is the possibility that behaviourist principles will define the programmes of work and [evaluation] targets even more closely .

It means tougher evaluation and assessment .
it means tougher evaluation and [evaluation] .

Much rests on cross-curricular elements , but unless enmeshed as an integral part of the overall curriculum , assessment and testing systems which will give them parity of esteem with other elements , they are likely to be ignored , or to remain peripheral .
much rests on cross-curricular elements , but unless enmeshed as an integral part of the overall curriculum , [evaluation] and testing systems which will give them parity of esteem with other elements , they are likely to be ignored , or to remain peripheral .

Secondly , frequent testing and the enormous pressure of parents and pupils to succeed will almost certainly have the effect of focusing attention on assessment targets , at the expense of other activities to an even greater degree than has occurred in the past .
secondly , frequent testing and the enormous pressure of parents and pupils to succeed will almost certainly have the effect of focusing attention on [evaluation] targets , at the expense of other activities to an even greater degree than has occurred in the past .

The safeguard for cross-curricular elements is , ironically , to ensure that they are fully incorporated into schemes of assessment .
the safeguard for cross-curricular elements is , ironically , to ensure that they are fully incorporated into schemes of [evaluation] .

And we are very doubtful about our ability to incorporate our ideas into a crowded programme in our ten-column curriculum with powerful constraints imposed by a heavy schedule of testing and assessment .
and we are very doubtful about our ability to incorporate our ideas into a crowded programme in our ten-column curriculum with powerful constraints imposed by a heavy schedule of testing and [evaluation] .

It gives us more than enough space and time to do what we want , even given the pressures of frequent assessment .
it gives us more than enough space and time to do what we want , even given the pressures of frequent [evaluation] .

Then there is the lender 's assessment of the risk it is taking .
then there is the lender 's [evaluation] of the risk it is taking .

The self employed may claim income tax relief as an allowance in their income tax assessment .
the self employed may claim income tax relief as an allowance in their income tax [evaluation] .

On the whole , it can be said that Coleman , in the circumstances , served the College , the profession and the country , well and that a balanced assessment , tending neither to adulation nor to denigration , is indicated .
on the whole , it can be said that coleman , in the circumstances , served the college , the profession and the country , well and that a balanced [evaluation] , tending neither to adulation nor to denigration , is indicated .

Some employers sponsor students by paying fees and maintenance ; there is widespread employer involvement in various forms of sandwich courses and work placements including , in some cases , co-operation in student assessment ; there are endowed chairs at universities and polytechnics ; there are sponsored courses sometimes with a single client as customer for the whole student cohort ; employers sit on various boards and committees concerned with activities from course unit level to governing body ; employers use academics as consultants and engage academic departments to do research for them ; there are sponsored research and collaborative projects ; and curriculum material is available at all levels — usually for free — from industrial and commercial bodies .
some employers sponsor students by paying fees and maintenance ; there is widespread employer involvement in various forms of sandwich courses and work placements including , in some cases , co-operation in student [evaluation] ; there are endowed chairs at universities and polytechnics ; there are sponsored courses sometimes with a single client as customer for the whole student cohort ; employers sit on various boards and committees concerned with activities from course unit level to governing body ; employers use academics as consultants and engage academic departments to do research for them ; there are sponsored research and collaborative projects ; and curriculum material is available at all levels — usually for free — from industrial and commercial bodies .

One of the more encouraging features of the modern international corporation or organisation is the careful consideration of its mission followed by an assessment of its broad social and economic role as an extension of basic mission .
one of the more encouraging features of the modern international corporation or organisation is the careful consideration of its mission followed by an [evaluation] of its broad social and economic role as an extension of basic mission .

The area of assessment of experience and performance is especially pertinent to partnerships .
the area of [evaluation] of experience and performance is especially pertinent to partnerships .

It is the realisation of this that has led to sensory methods of assessment being developed .
it is the realisation of this that has led to sensory methods of [evaluation] being developed .

Odour assessment has developed therefore using sensory methods of analysis , that is measuring human responses to them .
odour [evaluation] has developed therefore using sensory methods of analysis , that is measuring human responses to them .

The assessment of whether an odour problem amounts to a statutory nuisance within s.92 of the Public Health Act 1936 is a most difficult decision and then to justify that decision before a court equally so .
the [evaluation] of whether an odour problem amounts to a statutory nuisance within s.92 of the public health act 1936 is a most difficult decision and then to justify that decision before a court equally so .

Managers , for example , often assume they have all the relevant information required to conduct an adequate assessment of the need for change .
managers , for example , often assume they have all the relevant information required to conduct an adequate [evaluation] of the need for change .

Flynn 's ( 1983 ) assessment of developing relationships in planning is cautious .
flynn 's ( 1983 ) [evaluation] of developing relationships in planning is cautious .

The theories themselves seem partly to blame for this inaccurate assessment .
the theories themselves seem partly to blame for this inaccurate [evaluation] .

The increased powers of the Secretary of State over a centrally directed system of curriculum and assessment and , indeed , over teachers ' conditions of service , make it ‘ safe ’ for the government to increase the managerial responsibilities of schools .
the increased powers of the secretary of state over a centrally directed system of curriculum and [evaluation] and , indeed , over teachers ' conditions of service , make it ‘ safe ’ for the government to increase the managerial responsibilities of schools .

Regular governor ‘ teach-ins ’ , jargon-free and clearly presented , should encourage discussion and greater understanding of topics such as the National Curriculum , programmes of study , new testing and assessment procedures , pastoral care and the provisions available to special-needs pupils .
regular governor ‘ teach-ins ’ , jargon-free and clearly presented , should encourage discussion and greater understanding of topics such as the national curriculum , programmes of study , new testing and [evaluation] procedures , pastoral care and the provisions available to special-needs pupils .

Additionally , the monitoring of expenditure , the assessment of educational outcomes and the achievement of value for money are essential functions which have been strengthened by statute and are clearly the role of local government .
additionally , the monitoring of expenditure , the [evaluation] of educational outcomes and the achievement of value for money are essential functions which have been strengthened by statute and are clearly the role of local government .

Secretary of State John McGregor has suggested that in addition , they should be actively involved in administering the Standard Assessment Tests ( SATs ) associated with the National Curriculum .
secretary of state john mcgregor has suggested that in addition , they should be actively involved in administering the standard [evaluation] tests ( sats ) associated with the national curriculum .

Other measures include teacher appraisal , the National Curriculum , open enrolment , standardised assessment tasks .
other measures include teacher appraisal , the national curriculum , open enrolment , standardised [evaluation] tasks .

The Commission has to base its legal assessment on the aspects of competition in a substantial part of the Common Market .
the commission has to base its legal [evaluation] on the aspects of competition in a substantial part of the common market .

‘ What to do ? ’ This involves a criticality assessment of the problem as well , to decide if actions/measures are required immediately or they can be deferred .
‘ what to do ? ’ this involves a criticality [evaluation] of the problem as well , to decide if actions/measures are required immediately or they can be deferred .

During such time-constrained investigations rapid assessment is required of the impact of proposed maintenance actions .
during such time-constrained investigations rapid [evaluation] is required of the impact of proposed maintenance actions .

Credit assessment — judging the profitable amount of credit to give , in what form and who to give it to — acquired new significance with the social changes that came with and after the First World War , and the even greater upheaval with the much bigger population after the Second .
credit [evaluation] — judging the profitable amount of credit to give , in what form and who to give it to — acquired new significance with the social changes that came with and after the first world war , and the even greater upheaval with the much bigger population after the second .

The report , entitled Assessment of Constraints on Space Shuttle Launch Rates , also notes that additions to the maintenance system and equipment will be needed to bring down ‘ turnaround ’ time — the period from landing to readiness for the next flight .
the report , entitled [evaluation] of constraints on space shuttle launch rates , also notes that additions to the maintenance system and equipment will be needed to bring down ‘ turnaround ’ time — the period from landing to readiness for the next flight .

Runcom has probably made more original contributions to more branches of the subject than any other geophysicist ; but if history judges his work on that basis alone , it will come up with an incomplete assessment .
runcom has probably made more original contributions to more branches of the subject than any other geophysicist ; but if history judges his work on that basis alone , it will come up with an incomplete [evaluation] .

Dose assessment : The account of dose calculation contained in Urquhart 's article does not allow the method he used to be completely understood , and it has proved to be impossible to obtain the ‘ fuller version ’ of the article , either from the Journal of Nuclear Information .
dose [evaluation] : the account of dose calculation contained in urquhart 's article does not allow the method he used to be completely understood , and it has proved to be impossible to obtain the ‘ fuller version ’ of the article , either from the journal of nuclear information .

In due course , when all available information on the releases of polonium-210 and other nuclides not so far incorporated in the analysis has been assimilated , the board will publish a revised assessment of the radiological implications of environmental releases from the Windscale fire .
in due course , when all available information on the releases of polonium-210 and other nuclides not so far incorporated in the analysis has been assimilated , the board will publish a revised [evaluation] of the radiological implications of environmental releases from the windscale fire .

Lester Lave , an acknowledged master of cancer risk assessment , earns the commendation : ‘ Deepsix him ’ .
lester lave , an acknowledged master of cancer risk [evaluation] , earns the commendation : ‘ deepsix him ’ .

The Royal Society has produced a report ( Risk Assessment ) that firmly knocks on the head the asinine logic of Rothschild and the other one-dimensional men .
the royal society has produced a report ( risk [evaluation] ) that firmly knocks on the head the asinine logic of rothschild and the other one-dimensional men .

Royal Society 's study group report on risk assessment is a tough read ; For example , ‘ At the administrative level , there is a need to acknowledge the validity of public perceptions , while at the same time purveying the fullest information on objective risk estimates , not least because these data form a major component of the public 's perceptions , ’ But it concentrates the mind and , of course , it deals with every activity of man .
royal society 's study group report on risk [evaluation] is a tough read ; for example , ‘ at the administrative level , there is a need to acknowledge the validity of public perceptions , while at the same time purveying the fullest information on objective risk estimates , not least because these data form a major component of the public 's perceptions , ’ but it concentrates the mind and , of course , it deals with every activity of man .

Congress 's Office of Technology Assessment asked America 's 500 largest companies , plus several utilities and unions , to report whether they monitored workers or screened applicants .
congress 's office of technology [evaluation] asked america 's 500 largest companies , plus several utilities and unions , to report whether they monitored workers or screened applicants .

The footnotes run to one-fifth of the main text , and can be read on their own , Byzantine , merit for insight into ‘ The decreasing number of standing columns at Persepolis ’ or ‘ disapproval of the assessment of earthquake intensities from a helicopter ’ .
the footnotes run to one-fifth of the main text , and can be read on their own , byzantine , merit for insight into ‘ the decreasing number of standing columns at persepolis ’ or ‘ disapproval of the [evaluation] of earthquake intensities from a helicopter ’ .

My own assessment is that as a country we are being daft about candle ends .
my own [evaluation] is that as a country we are being daft about candle ends .

The report notes that ’ the introduction of counter-measures following a nuclear accident ’ are still ‘ based on the reduction of individual risk ’ , rather than on any assessment of the overall impact on the population as a whole .
the report notes that ’ the introduction of counter-measures following a nuclear accident ’ are still ‘ based on the reduction of individual risk ’ , rather than on any [evaluation] of the overall impact on the population as a whole .

Last week the inquiry 's inspector , Sir Frank Layfield , criticised the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate , the government 's watchdog that will license the station for delays in providing a full assessment of the Central Electricity Generating Board 's pre-construction safety report .
last week the inquiry 's inspector , sir frank layfield , criticised the nuclear installations inspectorate , the government 's watchdog that will license the station for delays in providing a full [evaluation] of the central electricity generating board 's pre-construction safety report .

Irvin and Martin 's assessment techniques have been in great demand abroad , even as the British science establishment closes ranks against it .
irvin and martin 's [evaluation] techniques have been in great demand abroad , even as the british science establishment closes ranks against it .

The brief descriptions of gasifier types , including the modern , fluidised bed gasifier , and the shaft power and direct heat systems are clear , although there is little comparative assessment of the different gasifier designs .
the brief descriptions of gasifier types , including the modern , fluidised bed gasifier , and the shaft power and direct heat systems are clear , although there is little comparative [evaluation] of the different gasifier designs .

The new ingredient in the assessment of how many deaths the Windscale cloud caused is the radioactive isotope , polonium 210 .
the new ingredient in the [evaluation] of how many deaths the windscale cloud caused is the radioactive isotope , polonium 210 .

He and his six colleagues undertook an ‘ extraordinary experiment in assessment of social risk ’ that had considerable impact on the national debate .
he and his six colleagues undertook an ‘ extraordinary experiment in [evaluation] of social risk ’ that had considerable impact on the national debate .

Secondly , although acupuncture does not tit readily into the currently available clinical trial models , there is no reason why such therapies can not be assessed within the context of clinical trials , by developing new trial methods to facilitate this assessment .
secondly , although acupuncture does not tit readily into the currently available clinical trial models , there is no reason why such therapies can not be assessed within the context of clinical trials , by developing new trial methods to facilitate this [evaluation] .

We feel obliged to respond to your very critical and ill-informed review of the three school science survey reports produced by the Assessment of Performance Unit ( Forum , 10 February , p 391 ) .
we feel obliged to respond to your very critical and ill-informed review of the three school science survey reports produced by the [evaluation] of performance unit ( forum , 10 february , p 391 ) .

One day in 1905 , George Bernard Shaw visited Professor Almroth Wright 's laboratory at St Mary 's Hospital , London , to see the great bacteriologist 's work on phagocytosis and the assessment of immunity by his ‘ opsonic index ’ ( a primitive measure of antibodies ) .
one day in 1905 , george bernard shaw visited professor almroth wright 's laboratory at st mary 's hospital , london , to see the great bacteriologist 's work on phagocytosis and the [evaluation] of immunity by his ‘ opsonic index ’ ( a primitive measure of antibodies ) .

It gave a generally favourable assessment of the performance of British weapons .
it gave a generally favourable [evaluation] of the performance of british weapons .

Other reviewers have commented on the harrowing realism of Madness on trial ( 11 April ) , which portrayed Mary , a schizophrenic who had murdered her mother , and followed her trial and psychiatric assessment .
other reviewers have commented on the harrowing realism of madness on trial ( 11 april ) , which portrayed mary , a schizophrenic who had murdered her mother , and followed her trial and psychiatric [evaluation] .

As this programme made awfully clear , the atmosphere was not conducive of dispassionate assessment .
as this programme made awfully clear , the atmosphere was not conducive of dispassionate [evaluation] .

In the 1970s the United States led the world in setting up standards of risk assessment , and establishing suitable levels of containment for laboratory buildings and equipment .
in the 1970s the united states led the world in setting up standards of risk [evaluation] , and establishing suitable levels of containment for laboratory buildings and equipment .

For a careful and sober assessment of most of these controversies and a fair statement of both sides there is already Michael Ruse 's Darwinism Defended .
for a careful and sober [evaluation] of most of these controversies and a fair statement of both sides there is already michael ruse 's darwinism defended .

It bore the stamp of a charlatan ; apart from the hint that the fuel was lithium-6 , there was nothing at all to facilitate independent assessment of his ideas and results .
it bore the stamp of a charlatan ; apart from the hint that the fuel was lithium-6 , there was nothing at all to facilitate independent [evaluation] of his ideas and results .

These include the selection of subjects and their emphasis , the way teachers are trained , how materials are written and presented , the content and conduct of assessment procedures and a host of other key decisions .
these include the selection of subjects and their emphasis , the way teachers are trained , how materials are written and presented , the content and conduct of [evaluation] procedures and a host of other key decisions .

There is no reason why Tanzania should not combine an examination , which is based on the things we teach , with a teacher and pupil assessment of work done for the school and community .
there is no reason why tanzania should not combine an examination , which is based on the things we teach , with a teacher and pupil [evaluation] of work done for the school and community .

Curriculum planners would all agree that it is necessary to establish strong and efficient links between the machinery for curriculum development and public assessment .
curriculum planners would all agree that it is necessary to establish strong and efficient links between the machinery for curriculum development and public [evaluation] .

Of deep concern , also , is the fact that in many countries machinery and criteria for final assessment of primary school children ( with all the feedback that this brings into the school curriculum ) are still dominated by the requirements of selection for Secondary School despite the obvious truth of Nyerere 's statement that those capable of further education will readily identify themselves .
of deep concern , also , is the fact that in many countries machinery and criteria for final [evaluation] of primary school children ( with all the feedback that this brings into the school curriculum ) are still dominated by the requirements of selection for secondary school despite the obvious truth of nyerere 's statement that those capable of further education will readily identify themselves .

These issues are discussed later in greater detail , but even at this point they must be raised and current policies and machinery for assessment and selection set alongside those for curriculum planning and development described earlier in this chapter .
these issues are discussed later in greater detail , but even at this point they must be raised and current policies and machinery for [evaluation] and selection set alongside those for curriculum planning and development described earlier in this chapter .

Currently in some areas , concern is breeding action towards designing better methods of testing and , more fundamentally , towards a shift in policy which places greater emphasis on regional and school-based methods of assessment .
currently in some areas , concern is breeding action towards designing better methods of testing and , more fundamentally , towards a shift in policy which places greater emphasis on regional and school-based methods of [evaluation] .

The assessment of standards of work was difficult .
the [evaluation] of standards of work was difficult .

Each contribution , from whatever source , is capable of assessment in terms of units of goodness , and when that goodness is accepted as such by a large majority , it can be enshrined in the Created God .
each contribution , from whatever source , is capable of [evaluation] in terms of units of goodness , and when that goodness is accepted as such by a large majority , it can be enshrined in the created god .

To forestall any immediate and hasty rejection of the foregoing method of assessment of the value of human virtue by the reader , he is reminded that there is at present no rational way in which this can be done .
to forestall any immediate and hasty rejection of the foregoing method of [evaluation] of the value of human virtue by the reader , he is reminded that there is at present no rational way in which this can be done .

Therefore , if the acceptance of the Created God is to be considered , and as the doctrine has already produced the original unit of goodness defined in evolutionary terms , and further , as some form of assessment may ultimately be wanted , there is a case for its acceptance .
therefore , if the acceptance of the created god is to be considered , and as the doctrine has already produced the original unit of goodness defined in evolutionary terms , and further , as some form of [evaluation] may ultimately be wanted , there is a case for its acceptance .

120–9 , for an interesting assessment of Madeleine L'Engle . )
120–9 , for an interesting [evaluation] of madeleine l'engle . )

It places emphasis on external evaluation and it undervalues the individual young reader 's assessment .
it places emphasis on external evaluation and it undervalues the individual young reader 's [evaluation] .

So much for the adult assessment of the total output of Enid Blyton .
so much for the adult [evaluation] of the total output of enid blyton .

Fortunately , the later committees approached the matter differently , seeing educational policy as an instrument to reflect change in the social structure and to influence the future development and improvement of the profession through scholarship and the assessment of academic and vocational attitudes .
fortunately , the later committees approached the matter differently , seeing educational policy as an instrument to reflect change in the social structure and to influence the future development and improvement of the profession through scholarship and the [evaluation] of academic and vocational attitudes .

Job costing , fee assessment , cash-flow forecasting and staff motivation are only a few of the requirements of a successful practice manager .
job costing , fee [evaluation] , cash-flow forecasting and staff motivation are only a few of the requirements of a successful practice manager .

Regular assessment of an individual 's progress and training requirements is important , and should be linked with job analysis and promotion prospects .
regular [evaluation] of an individual 's progress and training requirements is important , and should be linked with job analysis and promotion prospects .

Partnerships are assessed for tax on the ‘ preceding ’ year principle under which the profits of the accounting year ending during the last tax year form the basis of this year 's assessment .
partnerships are assessed for tax on the ‘ preceding ’ year principle under which the profits of the accounting year ending during the last tax year form the basis of this year 's [evaluation] .

Binocular vision , or some other sense with accurate three-dimensional assessment , is essential for catching prey or performing acrobatic feats among the trees .
binocular vision , or some other sense with accurate three-dimensional [evaluation] , is essential for catching prey or performing acrobatic feats among the trees .

Watkins himself was the first to attempt some sort of statistical assessment .
watkins himself was the first to attempt some sort of statistical [evaluation] .

It 's difficult to offer a fair assessment of the Interludes from Wolfgang Fortner 's opera Blutchochzeit ( ‘ Blood-Wedding ’ ) , which forms the other work on this disc .
it 's difficult to offer a fair [evaluation] of the interludes from wolfgang fortner 's opera blutchochzeit ( ‘ blood-wedding ’ ) , which forms the other work on this disc .

Proven techniques exist for quantitative assessment of risks .
proven techniques exist for quantitative [evaluation] of risks .

This patient was put on a yeast-free diet , and given a second psychiatric assessment when her bowel symptoms had resolved .
this patient was put on a yeast-free diet , and given a second psychiatric [evaluation] when her bowel symptoms had resolved .

Before the diet her score on the psychiatric assessment was 20 — well over the critical score of 12 that indicates significant psychiatric disturbance .
before the diet her score on the psychiatric [evaluation] was 20 — well over the critical score of 12 that indicates significant psychiatric disturbance .

Investment audits or environmental impact assessment to assess the environmental impact of new projects .
investment audits or environmental impact [evaluation] to assess the environmental impact of new projects .

The proposed environmental impact assessment at the site will still take place for the new project and will include evaluation of high temperature and rotary kiln incineration , as well as new technologies .
the proposed environmental impact [evaluation] at the site will still take place for the new project and will include evaluation of high temperature and rotary kiln incineration , as well as new technologies .

As well as addressing the role and responsibilities of public , authorities , industry , the workforce and the general public , the principles detail prevention activities , including planning , construction , monitoring and assessment and mention the rights of the public to information concerning hazardous installations .
as well as addressing the role and responsibilities of public , authorities , industry , the workforce and the general public , the principles detail prevention activities , including planning , construction , monitoring and [evaluation] and mention the rights of the public to information concerning hazardous installations .

Risk assessment .
risk [evaluation] .

The Commonwealth Institute , London , is the venue for a conference on Risk assessment of hazardous substances — chemical and microbiological on 19–20 May 1992 .
the commonwealth institute , london , is the venue for a conference on risk [evaluation] of hazardous substances — chemical and microbiological on 19–20 may 1992 .

In particular , when it comes to the assessment of efficacy , there is often no single physicochemical parameter that is adequate to predict clinical performance .
in particular , when it comes to the [evaluation] of efficacy , there is often no single physicochemical parameter that is adequate to predict clinical performance .

Among his observations is the following assessment of the sexual cunning of the tom-cat : ‘ As the females when they have kittened no longer seek the company of the males , these last , to obtain once more their companionship , practise a curious artifice .
among his observations is the following [evaluation] of the sexual cunning of the tom-cat : ‘ as the females when they have kittened no longer seek the company of the males , these last , to obtain once more their companionship , practise a curious artifice .

No accurate assessment of the amount of heathland is available , although a survey by West Sussex County Council showed 1,500 hectares of heath in that administrative county .
no accurate [evaluation] of the amount of heathland is available , although a survey by west sussex county council showed 1,500 hectares of heath in that administrative county .

All registered students on taught courses are assigned to studies advisers who guide in matters affecting course content , assessment and progress . Students are encouraged to talk to their advisers about their work and progress and to seek assistance , if required , with study or examination skills ;
all registered students on taught courses are assigned to studies advisers who guide in matters affecting course content , [evaluation] and progress . students are encouraged to talk to their advisers about their work and progress and to seek assistance , if required , with study or examination skills ;

Except when prevented by medical reasons or other sufficient cause , candidates who fail to present themselves for an examination , or to submit cumulative or other forms of assessment work by the due date , shall be deemed by the board of examiners to have failed in that examination or assessment .
except when prevented by medical reasons or other sufficient cause , candidates who fail to present themselves for an examination , or to submit cumulative or other forms of [evaluation] work by the due date , shall be deemed by the board of examiners to have failed in that examination or [evaluation] .

written medical evidence , or evidence of compassionate circumstances relevant to the performance of a candidate in cumulative or other forms of assessment must be presented to the course director or senior course tutor by the date on which the work was due to be submitted .
written medical evidence , or evidence of compassionate circumstances relevant to the performance of a candidate in cumulative or other forms of [evaluation] must be presented to the course director or senior course tutor by the date on which the work was due to be submitted .

Except where alternative arrangements have been approved by or on behalf of the Senate , a candidate 's written examination scripts and work on which cumulative and other forms of assessment have been based shall be preserved until the end of December following the date on which the candidate qualified , or was due to qualify , for an award .
except where alternative arrangements have been approved by or on behalf of the senate , a candidate 's written examination scripts and work on which cumulative and other forms of [evaluation] have been based shall be preserved until the end of december following the date on which the candidate qualified , or was due to qualify , for an award .

Work on which cumulative and other forms of assessment have been based may be returned to candidates on a written undertaking that it shall be given back , if required , at any time within one year from the examination .
work on which cumulative and other forms of [evaluation] have been based may be returned to candidates on a written undertaking that it shall be given back , if required , at any time within one year from the examination .

Curriculum Development and Assessment : Covers work in a number of curriculum areas , notably Science , European Studies , Citizenship , English , the Primary Curriculum .
curriculum development and [evaluation] : covers work in a number of curriculum areas , notably science , european studies , citizenship , english , the primary curriculum .

Human-Computer Interaction — Vision : Industrial computer vision systems ; performance assessment and adaptation ; Application toolkits ; Image processing .
human-computer interaction — vision : industrial computer vision systems ; performance [evaluation] and adaptation ; application toolkits ; image processing .

Modular Object-Oriented Notation : Examination and comparison of a number of methods for a range of application areas ; Identification of a set of ‘ criteria ’ for the assessment of methods .
modular object-oriented notation : examination and comparison of a number of methods for a range of application areas ; identification of a set of ‘ criteria ’ for the [evaluation] of methods .

Applied Ecology : major research programmes in pest management , monitoring and assessment of changes in ecological communities , the fate of pollutants including radionuclides in natural environments .
applied ecology : major research programmes in pest management , monitoring and [evaluation] of changes in ecological communities , the fate of pollutants including radionuclides in natural environments .

Design , analysis and product development of novel structural composites and materials ; Numerical and experimental studies of sandwich panels , cambered slabs and woven polypropylene cementitious composites ; Applications of software tools to structural analysis and design ; Hydraulics of open channel flow ; Experimental , in situ and numerical studies of flow resistance in channels with floodplains ; Highway engineering materials and construction methods ; Laboratory and in situ assessments of the performance of highway engineering aggregates and binders ; Assessment of highway construction materials at source , during production and construction processes and under working environments ; Geotechnics , laboratory and numerical assessment of bearing capacity of soils under curricular footings , enhancement of soil properties using man-made additives .
design , analysis and product development of novel structural composites and materials ; numerical and experimental studies of sandwich panels , cambered slabs and woven polypropylene cementitious composites ; applications of software tools to structural analysis and design ; hydraulics of open channel flow ; experimental , in situ and numerical studies of flow resistance in channels with floodplains ; highway engineering materials and construction methods ; laboratory and in situ assessments of the performance of highway engineering aggregates and binders ; [evaluation] of highway construction materials at source , during production and construction processes and under working environments ; geotechnics , laboratory and numerical [evaluation] of bearing capacity of soils under curricular footings , enhancement of soil properties using man-made additives .

Transport Studies : Transport systems planning and evaluation ; Development and application of expert systems in multi-modal transport ; Vehicle routing and navigation ; Discrete event studies within multi-modal transport ; Cost benefit analysis particularly in conjunction with road transport ; Cellular radio and freight distribution ; Integration of para-transit and public transport ; Community and public transport for the handicapped and elderly ; Socio-economic evaluation of road proposals ; Transport network analysis with respect to the Channel Tunnel ; Peripherality and the Single European Market ; Rural and urban accessibility studies of public transport ; Freight origin/destination patterns ; Modern urban transport technology assessment studies ; Co-ordinated public transport planning ; Personal mobility with particular emphasis on disabled people .
transport studies : transport systems planning and evaluation ; development and application of expert systems in multi-modal transport ; vehicle routing and navigation ; discrete event studies within multi-modal transport ; cost benefit analysis particularly in conjunction with road transport ; cellular radio and freight distribution ; integration of para-transit and public transport ; community and public transport for the handicapped and elderly ; socio-economic evaluation of road proposals ; transport network analysis with respect to the channel tunnel ; peripherality and the single european market ; rural and urban accessibility studies of public transport ; freight origin/destination patterns ; modern urban transport technology [evaluation] studies ; co-ordinated public transport planning ; personal mobility with particular emphasis on disabled people .

Continuing education ; Biofeedback in the treatment of physical disorders ; Electrotherapeutic modalities ; Exercise physiology ; Sports medicine ; Chronic cardiovascular and respiratory care ; Ergonomics ; Biomechanical engineering ; Community health ; Microcomputers and assessment in occupational therapy .
continuing education ; biofeedback in the treatment of physical disorders ; electrotherapeutic modalities ; exercise physiology ; sports medicine ; chronic cardiovascular and respiratory care ; ergonomics ; biomechanical engineering ; community health ; microcomputers and [evaluation] in occupational therapy .

Quantitative research involving issues in social and/or applied psychology ; Social and developmental psychology ; Intergroup conflict ( especially in Northern Ireland ) ; Mathematical models of perceptual processes and decision-making ; Statistical software ; Physiological psychology ; Experimental analysis of behaviour ; Behaviour modification ; Behavioural pharmacology ; Mother-child interaction ; Mental handicap ; Education assessment ; Intelligence ; Personality ; Educational achievement ; Development of mathematical ability ; Developmental aspects of mental and physical handicap ; Health psychology ; Menstruation and associated behaviour ; Behaviour genetics ; Comparative psychology ; Behavioural teratology of alcohol ; Fetal alcohol syndrome ; Fetal nutrition ; Biorhythms ; Gender and identity ; Anorexia and bulimia ; Ethnic relations ; Social skills training ; Analysis of professional interaction ; Lateral asymmetry ; Environmental psychology ; Metapsychology ; Developmental psychopathology ; Unemployment and development ; Quality assurance , performance indicators and professional competence .
quantitative research involving issues in social and/or applied psychology ; social and developmental psychology ; intergroup conflict ( especially in northern ireland ) ; mathematical models of perceptual processes and decision-making ; statistical software ; physiological psychology ; experimental analysis of behaviour ; behaviour modification ; behavioural pharmacology ; mother-child interaction ; mental handicap ; education [evaluation] ; intelligence ; personality ; educational achievement ; development of mathematical ability ; developmental aspects of mental and physical handicap ; health psychology ; menstruation and associated behaviour ; behaviour genetics ; comparative psychology ; behavioural teratology of alcohol ; fetal alcohol syndrome ; fetal nutrition ; biorhythms ; gender and identity ; anorexia and bulimia ; ethnic relations ; social skills training ; analysis of professional interaction ; lateral asymmetry ; environmental psychology ; metapsychology ; developmental psychopathology ; unemployment and development ; quality assurance , performance indicators and professional competence .

Teaching and Assessment
teaching and [evaluation]

Students generally will be examined on the taught elements of the courses by cumulative assessment or by written examinations , or a combination of the two .
students generally will be examined on the taught elements of the courses by cumulative [evaluation] or by written examinations , or a combination of the two .

After a full assessment , priorities of care can be determined from both the nurse 's and the patient 's perspective .
after a full [evaluation] , priorities of care can be determined from both the nurse 's and the patient 's perspective .

The planning of each patient 's care is dependent upon a comprehensive and accurate assessment .
the planning of each patient 's care is dependent upon a comprehensive and accurate [evaluation] .

This may be because no formal teaching sessions took place , and no specific assessment of skills occurred .
this may be because no formal teaching sessions took place , and no specific [evaluation] of skills occurred .

Yet it is often the students who have failed an assessment who receive most attention .
yet it is often the students who have failed an [evaluation] who receive most attention .

For example , she may be required to take an assessment of her nursing skills for examination purposes during the allocation , and may need extra help for this purpose .
for example , she may be required to take an [evaluation] of her nursing skills for examination purposes during the allocation , and may need extra help for this purpose .

The assessment should not trigger off frantic practising , but the ward sister can arrange for the student to have the relevant experience .
the [evaluation] should not trigger off frantic practising , but the ward sister can arrange for the student to have the relevant experience .

Where continuous assessment of clinical competence is used , the ward sister and student can outline their aims for the allocation .
where continuous [evaluation] of clinical competence is used , the ward sister and student can outline their aims for the allocation .

An assessment of progress is essential midway through the allocation .
an [evaluation] of progress is essential midway through the allocation .

It occurs when teaching programmes do not relate to the final assessment of learning .
it occurs when teaching programmes do not relate to the final [evaluation] of learning .

The third requirement ( that an objective should indicate the standard to be reached ) is probably the most difficult one to meet , for it embraces a whole range of problems and issues that are perhaps best dealt with under the heading of assessment .
the third requirement ( that an objective should indicate the standard to be reached ) is probably the most difficult one to meet , for it embraces a whole range of problems and issues that are perhaps best dealt with under the heading of [evaluation] .

In some nursing situations , establishing criteria for objective assessment involves procedures that are too technically complicated or too time consuming to be attempted .
in some nursing situations , establishing criteria for objective [evaluation] involves procedures that are too technically complicated or too time consuming to be attempted .

If this is doubted , try to write a set of objectives , including criteria for assessment , for the psychological care of an elderly middle class lady who has just had a colostomy performed .
if this is doubted , try to write a set of objectives , including criteria for [evaluation] , for the psychological care of an elderly middle class lady who has just had a colostomy performed .

Not only does this provide us with the content to be taught , but it also lays the foundation on which final assessment can be based ; however , before we can devise our objectives , two further collections of information are needed .
not only does this provide us with the content to be taught , but it also lays the foundation on which final [evaluation] can be based ; however , before we can devise our objectives , two further collections of information are needed .

They will also form the basis for assessment in step six .
they will also form the basis for [evaluation] in step six .

The systematic model of teaching illustrates how influential correctly used objectives can be on the whole teaching process from planning to assessment , and demonstrates the need for extreme care in choosing them .
the systematic model of teaching illustrates how influential correctly used objectives can be on the whole teaching process from planning to [evaluation] , and demonstrates the need for extreme care in choosing them .

The question often raised is ‘ should education be so dominated by assessment ?
the question often raised is ‘ should education be so dominated by [evaluation] ?

Setting intermediate goals and providing an assessment of them is another way that feedback can help the student adjust her learning .
setting intermediate goals and providing an [evaluation] of them is another way that feedback can help the student adjust her learning .

Assessment of any visual aid must be based on its ability to convey information , and therefore differing types of media are required for differing teaching methods .
[evaluation] of any visual aid must be based on its ability to convey information , and therefore differing types of media are required for differing teaching methods .

When one gives the learner feedback on her ability these skills provide a framework for assessment .
when one gives the learner feedback on her ability these skills provide a framework for [evaluation] .

In the final year of training , investigative projects can be given to learners as intermodular work , and the presentation of such projects can form part of their modular assessment . Some of the topics which might be suggested to learners are :
in the final year of training , investigative projects can be given to learners as intermodular work , and the presentation of such projects can form part of their modular [evaluation] . some of the topics which might be suggested to learners are :

Prepare assessment instrument based on objectives , and circulate for comments .
prepare [evaluation] instrument based on objectives , and circulate for comments .

This might include continuous assessment of the learner in the clinical area , with the expected level of competence defined in the objectives , appropriate to the learners ' stage of training .
this might include continuous [evaluation] of the learner in the clinical area , with the expected level of competence defined in the objectives , appropriate to the learners ' stage of training .

Would they have made a different assessment ?
would they have made a different [evaluation] ?

Visits are only as good as the preparation made before them . The exhibition or centre must be visited by teaching staff before the learners and an assessment made , which should include the following questions :
visits are only as good as the preparation made before them . the exhibition or centre must be visited by teaching staff before the learners and an [evaluation] made , which should include the following questions :

The University seeks to include in its courses activities which promote enterprising qualities in its students by encouraging them to take more responsibility for their own learning , setting their own goals and targets through personal assessment and career planning .
the university seeks to include in its courses activities which promote enterprising qualities in its students by encouraging them to take more responsibility for their own learning , setting their own goals and targets through personal [evaluation] and career planning .

This means two terms of taught work followed by a short third term for further personal development and final assessment .
this means two terms of taught work followed by a short third term for further personal development and final [evaluation] .

As part of their overall assessment , students will be required to select and undertake a substantial research project in their chosen area of professional practice .
as part of their overall [evaluation] , students will be required to select and undertake a substantial research project in their chosen area of professional practice .

The course 's wide range of activities and diversity of forms of assessment encourage students of Theatre Studies to develop flexible approaches to job seeking .
the course 's wide range of activities and diversity of forms of [evaluation] encourage students of theatre studies to develop flexible approaches to job seeking .

Sessions cover such topics as living on a pension , investments , income tax ; staying healthy and active in retirement ; assessment of local community services ; employment prospects for paid or voluntary work ; accommodation and the pros and cons of moving house after retirement .
sessions cover such topics as living on a pension , investments , income tax ; staying healthy and active in retirement ; [evaluation] of local community services ; employment prospects for paid or voluntary work ; accommodation and the pros and cons of moving house after retirement .

Some patients want no further contact with the would-be therapist after the initial assessment , or agree to see him only a few times .
some patients want no further contact with the would-be therapist after the initial [evaluation] , or agree to see him only a few times .

Assessment of the problems associated with the overdose , of the overdose itself , and of how the problems might be overcome .
[evaluation] of the problems associated with the overdose , of the overdose itself , and of how the problems might be overcome .

In a recent study of outpatient counselling of overdose patients , the average number of treatment sessions after the initial assessment was three , with a range of between one and eight sessions ( Hawton et al .
in a recent study of outpatient counselling of overdose patients , the average number of treatment sessions after the initial [evaluation] was three , with a range of between one and eight sessions ( hawton et al .

Once the therapist is confident of his assessment he can point out ways in which communication might be improved or how family members can support each other more .
once the therapist is confident of his [evaluation] he can point out ways in which communication might be improved or how family members can support each other more .

Depending on his assessment of the patient , the therapist may judge that he should be encouraged to use open access only as a last resort ; in other cases it has to be accepted that the patient and his relatives may benefit if they can use this facility often .
depending on his [evaluation] of the patient , the therapist may judge that he should be encouraged to use open access only as a last resort ; in other cases it has to be accepted that the patient and his relatives may benefit if they can use this facility often .

This chapter is devoted to the description of clinical cases in order to illustrate the practical use of the techniques of assessment and brief problem-orientated treatment that were described in Chapters 4 and 5 .
this chapter is devoted to the description of clinical cases in order to illustrate the practical use of the techniques of [evaluation] and brief problem-orientated treatment that were described in chapters 4 and 5 .

Similar principles were applied to the assessment of each case .
similar principles were applied to the [evaluation] of each case .

The final stage of assessment was the negotiation of a treatment contract , including which of the patient 's problems were going to be tackled and the practical arrangements for treatment sessions .
the final stage of [evaluation] was the negotiation of a treatment contract , including which of the patient 's problems were going to be tackled and the practical arrangements for treatment sessions .

The importance of fully involving the patient 's partner in assessment and subsequent treatment is very clear .
the importance of fully involving the patient 's partner in [evaluation] and subsequent treatment is very clear .

During the assessment Ann was interviewed .
during the [evaluation] ann was interviewed .

Immediately after the assessment interview the therapist telephoned their general practitioner , and informed him of his assessment and proposed management .
immediately after the [evaluation] interview the therapist telephoned their general practitioner , and informed him of his [evaluation] and proposed management .

These include patients whose coping resources are temporarily exhausted , those who require further assessment , and patients for whom the mobilization of additional help is necessary before they can begin to cope with their difficulties .
these include patients whose coping resources are temporarily exhausted , those who require further [evaluation] , and patients for whom the mobilization of additional help is necessary before they can begin to cope with their difficulties .

During the assessment interview Margaret claimed she took the overdose intending to go to sleep and never wake up again .
during the [evaluation] interview margaret claimed she took the overdose intending to go to sleep and never wake up again .

Usually , it is preferable if there are a few days of further careful assessment of the patient before such steps are taken .
usually , it is preferable if there are a few days of further careful [evaluation] of the patient before such steps are taken .

The main role of the therapist at this stage will be to listen and to further his assessment by careful questioning .
the main role of the therapist at this stage will be to listen and to further his [evaluation] by careful questioning .

After the initial period of assessment and support it should be possible to formulate a treatment plan .
after the initial period of [evaluation] and support it should be possible to formulate a treatment plan .

The necessity for careful assessment and clarification of the patient 's problems , and the therapeutic implications of such a procedure , have already been noted .
the necessity for careful [evaluation] and clarification of the patient 's problems , and the therapeutic implications of such a procedure , have already been noted .

Thus , the aim with most patients should be to move eventually from assessment and support into a problem-solving approach as described in Chapter 5 .
thus , the aim with most patients should be to move eventually from [evaluation] and support into a problem-solving approach as described in chapter 5 .

Secondly , it allows time for further interviews with relatives or friends in order to complete assessment of the patient 's problems and likely supportive relationships .
secondly , it allows time for further interviews with relatives or friends in order to complete [evaluation] of the patient 's problems and likely supportive relationships .

During the assessment interview David was very distressed .
during the [evaluation] interview david was very distressed .

Before suggesting methods of countering the development of tension , careful assessment of the antecedents to cutting should be carried out .
before suggesting methods of countering the development of tension , careful [evaluation] of the antecedents to cutting should be carried out .

Assessment has traditionally been regarded as the responsibility of psychiatrists , but in recent years the role of non-medically qualified personnel has been examined .
[evaluation] has traditionally been regarded as the responsibility of psychiatrists , but in recent years the role of non-medically qualified personnel has been examined .

It was therefore suggested that social workers should be involved in assessment of attempted suicide patients , the psychiatrist being available to deal with emergencies and for consultation with the social worker if necessary .
it was therefore suggested that social workers should be involved in [evaluation] of attempted suicide patients , the psychiatrist being available to deal with emergencies and for consultation with the social worker if necessary .

Doctors ( psychiatric and general practice trainees ) and nurses had been given special instruction in the assessment of deliberate self-poisoning patients .
doctors ( psychiatric and general practice trainees ) and nurses had been given special instruction in the [evaluation] of deliberate self-poisoning patients .

The adequacy of their assessment was investigated by having independent judges make ratings of transcripts from audio-tape recordings of their assessment interviews .
the adequacy of their [evaluation] was investigated by having independent judges make ratings of transcripts from audio-tape recordings of their [evaluation] interviews .

The study did not show any major differences between doctors and nurses , indicating that nurses who are specifically trained to assess attempted suicide patients and who work in a team where there is a psychiatrist available for consultation and supervision can be given responsibility for the initial assessment of these patients .
the study did not show any major differences between doctors and nurses , indicating that nurses who are specifically trained to assess attempted suicide patients and who work in a team where there is a psychiatrist available for consultation and supervision can be given responsibility for the initial [evaluation] of these patients .

Another departure from the Hill Report recommendation on psychiatric assessment has been developed in Cambridge ( Gardner et al .
another departure from the hill report recommendation on psychiatric [evaluation] has been developed in cambridge ( gardner et al .

In a prospective randomized trial , Gardner and colleagues compared medical teams ( junior physicians and general nurses ) with psychiatrists in terms of the type of treatment recommended after assessment , the diagnoses made , and rates of further self-harm or suicide .
in a prospective randomized trial , gardner and colleagues compared medical teams ( junior physicians and general nurses ) with psychiatrists in terms of the type of treatment recommended after [evaluation] , the diagnoses made , and rates of further self-harm or suicide .

The involvement of physicians in assessment is certainly an interesting development and one that requires further investigation in view of its possible limitations .
the involvement of physicians in [evaluation] is certainly an interesting development and one that requires further investigation in view of its possible limitations .

The role of general practitioners in the assessment of deliberate self-poisoning has so far received very little attention .
the role of general practitioners in the [evaluation] of deliberate self-poisoning has so far received very little attention .

The Department of Health guidelines ( 1984 ) have recognized the involvement of the general practitioner in the assessment of patients who harm themselves , although the vagueness of its recommendations has been criticized ( Kessel 1985 ) .
the department of health guidelines ( 1984 ) have recognized the involvement of the general practitioner in the [evaluation] of patients who harm themselves , although the vagueness of its recommendations has been criticized ( kessel 1985 ) .

Involvement of the same therapist in assessment and follow-up is likely to increase attendance rates ( Hawton et al .
involvement of the same therapist in [evaluation] and follow-up is likely to increase attendance rates ( hawton et al .

Training in assessment of patients
training in [evaluation] of patients

During training , particular attention should be paid to psychosocial assessment in view of the nature of the act and potential problems associated with it , such as risk of suicide , risk of repetition , and presence of psychiatric disorder .
during training , particular attention should be paid to psychosocial [evaluation] in view of the nature of the act and potential problems associated with it , such as risk of suicide , risk of repetition , and presence of psychiatric disorder .

In hospitals without a psychiatric unit , the assessment of patients could be carried out by trained hospital staff , such as psychiatric nurses , social workers , and junior medical and psychiatric staff , under the supervision of a senior psychiatrist from the local psychiatric hospital , or by trained psychiatric nurses and social workers from the local psychiatric hospital working with psychiatrists , who would visit the hospital on a regular basis .
in hospitals without a psychiatric unit , the [evaluation] of patients could be carried out by trained hospital staff , such as psychiatric nurses , social workers , and junior medical and psychiatric staff , under the supervision of a senior psychiatrist from the local psychiatric hospital , or by trained psychiatric nurses and social workers from the local psychiatric hospital working with psychiatrists , who would visit the hospital on a regular basis .

Psychiatrists should continue to be involved in the assessment and management of these patients alongside other professionals .
psychiatrists should continue to be involved in the [evaluation] and management of these patients alongside other professionals .

In addition , personnel working in this field must have received adequate training in the assessment procedure , and in the management of interpersonal and family problems .
in addition , personnel working in this field must have received adequate training in the [evaluation] procedure , and in the management of interpersonal and family problems .

Instruction manuals , tape-recordings of assessment interviews , and interviews carried out under the supervision of experienced therapists over several weeks could be used for the training of new therapists .
instruction manuals , tape-recordings of [evaluation] interviews , and interviews carried out under the supervision of experienced therapists over several weeks could be used for the training of new therapists .

He may feel that his doctor has prematurely terminated his assessment of his problems , thereby increasing his sense of helplessness and discouraging further discussion with the doctor .
he may feel that his doctor has prematurely terminated his [evaluation] of his problems , thereby increasing his sense of helplessness and discouraging further discussion with the doctor .

Patients admitted to the Centre received prompt assessment and , where indicated , psychiatric aftercare ( Kreitman 1977 ) .
patients admitted to the centre received prompt [evaluation] and , where indicated , psychiatric aftercare ( kreitman 1977 ) .

It is hoped that discussion of the problems faced by attempted suicide patients and the factors which should be kept in mind during their assessment will have left the reader in no doubt as to the crucial nature of the assessment procedure for such patients and the need for it to be done in a careful way by staff who have been appropriately trained .
it is hoped that discussion of the problems faced by attempted suicide patients and the factors which should be kept in mind during their [evaluation] will have left the reader in no doubt as to the crucial nature of the [evaluation] procedure for such patients and the need for it to be done in a careful way by staff who have been appropriately trained .

Whatever type of service is developed , the most important factors would appear to be that , first , the members of a service should be enthusiastic about dealing with attempted suicide patients ; secondly , they should receive appropriate training in assessment and management ; and thirdly , supervision by experienced staff should be available .
whatever type of service is developed , the most important factors would appear to be that , first , the members of a service should be enthusiastic about dealing with attempted suicide patients ; secondly , they should receive appropriate training in [evaluation] and management ; and thirdly , supervision by experienced staff should be available .

Assessment and reporting forms
[evaluation] and reporting forms

Where several experts have been brought together , perhaps for a case assessment , there may be a written agenda looking something like this :
where several experts have been brought together , perhaps for a case [evaluation] , there may be a written agenda looking something like this :

Mrs Brown — 6 weeks ' assessment
mrs brown — 6 weeks ' [evaluation]

Tracey and her supervisor together with Mrs Brown have already filled in a Care Plan Assessment Form .
tracey and her supervisor together with mrs brown have already filled in a care plan [evaluation] form .

Banks can also provide information on prospective markets , competition ( domestic and foreign ) , customs and traditions along with traditional credit assessment on overseas importers .
banks can also provide information on prospective markets , competition ( domestic and foreign ) , customs and traditions along with traditional credit [evaluation] on overseas importers .

country risk assessment and sovereign loans
country risk [evaluation] and sovereign loans

With the growth of international lending in both domestic and foreign currencies most banks have increased their staff numbers and resources devoted to the assessment of country risk , although it has to be recognised that such a subject can never be reduced to an exact science .
with the growth of international lending in both domestic and foreign currencies most banks have increased their staff numbers and resources devoted to the [evaluation] of country risk , although it has to be recognised that such a subject can never be reduced to an exact science .

Let us now consider some of the economic and political factors generally incorporated into country risk assessment models applicable to non-OECD countries .
let us now consider some of the economic and political factors generally incorporated into country risk [evaluation] models applicable to non-oecd countries .

These various economic indicators ( past , present and projected into the future ) are used in country risk assessment and thereby aid banks in their loan management .
these various economic indicators ( past , present and projected into the future ) are used in country risk [evaluation] and thereby aid banks in their loan management .

Consideration of a project 's total costs , its operational life and final product/revenue are essential to the assessment of future cash flows .
consideration of a project 's total costs , its operational life and final product/revenue are essential to the [evaluation] of future cash flows .

This chapter has reviewed an extremely important aspect of international banking — country risk assessment .
this chapter has reviewed an extremely important aspect of international banking — country risk [evaluation] .

Environmental assessment
environmental [evaluation]

Assessment involves identifying and evaluating how and why current and projected environment changes affect or will affect strategic management of the organisation .
[evaluation] involves identifying and evaluating how and why current and projected environment changes affect or will affect strategic management of the organisation .

Often , centrally initiated changes were superseded by others without proper assessment or follow-up .
often , centrally initiated changes were superseded by others without proper [evaluation] or follow-up .

Observation and assessment confirmed that Gary was indeed showing all these behaviours , but also revealed that they were being heavily reinforced by attention from his parents and by the fact that the shouting and temper tantrums usually resulted in Gary 's getting his own way .
observation and [evaluation] confirmed that gary was indeed showing all these behaviours , but also revealed that they were being heavily reinforced by attention from his parents and by the fact that the shouting and temper tantrums usually resulted in gary 's getting his own way .

For the first fifteen years or so of its existence , little was published in the way of critical assessment of the Urban Programme .
for the first fifteen years or so of its existence , little was published in the way of critical [evaluation] of the urban programme .

Some positive findings emerged from this assessment .
some positive findings emerged from this [evaluation] .

The overwhelming conclusion emerging from any assessment of these programmes is that they have only a marginal impact on inner-urban problems .
the overwhelming conclusion emerging from any [evaluation] of these programmes is that they have only a marginal impact on inner-urban problems .

The government 's four London Road Assessment studies and the Central London Rail Study are designed to improve matters in and around the capital but have attracted considerable hostility from conservation groups and some local authorities who believe the environmental consequences of major new road building will be catastrophic .
the government 's four london road [evaluation] studies and the central london rail study are designed to improve matters in and around the capital but have attracted considerable hostility from conservation groups and some local authorities who believe the environmental consequences of major new road building will be catastrophic .

The Channel Tunnel Research Unit at the University of Kent is also cautious in its assessment and expects the direct impact of the Tunnel to be marginal .
the channel tunnel research unit at the university of kent is also cautious in its [evaluation] and expects the direct impact of the tunnel to be marginal .

As Adegbehin points out , assessment of the resource base itself has been poor and existing inventory data are both incomplete and out of date .
as adegbehin points out , [evaluation] of the resource base itself has been poor and existing inventory data are both incomplete and out of date .

In the developing world , plantation forestry is also increasing , though there are few data available which facilitate an assessment of environmental impact .
in the developing world , plantation forestry is also increasing , though there are few data available which facilitate an [evaluation] of environmental impact .

Onyeanusi 's study involved an assessment of the impact of vehicle tyres on off-road tracks in a specific area of what is predominantly grassland savanna .
onyeanusi 's study involved an [evaluation] of the impact of vehicle tyres on off-road tracks in a specific area of what is predominantly grassland savanna .

His study of more than 200 sites in the cantons of Grison and Valais involved the collection of data on a range of variables relating to relief , the degree of site modification in piste construction such as the amount of levelling , soil characteristics , vegetation cover and its disturbance as well as impact assessment , notably sheet , rill and gully erosion , sediment deposition and landslipping .
his study of more than 200 sites in the cantons of grison and valais involved the collection of data on a range of variables relating to relief , the degree of site modification in piste construction such as the amount of levelling , soil characteristics , vegetation cover and its disturbance as well as impact [evaluation] , notably sheet , rill and gully erosion , sediment deposition and landslipping .

( 1987 ) made an assessment of the error inherent in Landsat data , digital terrain models ( DTMs ) and digital thematic soil maps by comparing the data from these sources with information collected in the field .
( 1987 ) made an [evaluation] of the error inherent in landsat data , digital terrain models ( dtms ) and digital thematic soil maps by comparing the data from these sources with information collected in the field .

( 1987 ) state that ‘ additional research in inherent and operational error assessment is warranted .
( 1987 ) state that ‘ additional research in inherent and operational error [evaluation] is warranted .

In Chapter 10 Gatrell and Vincent consider a wide range of natural and technological hazards including industrial hazards , risk assessment , hazardous waste disposal , emergency planning , natural hazards and environmental epidemiology .
in chapter 10 gatrell and vincent consider a wide range of natural and technological hazards including industrial hazards , risk [evaluation] , hazardous waste disposal , emergency planning , natural hazards and environmental epidemiology .

In particular , to provide technical , scientific and economic information requested by the Commission in its tasks of identification , preparation and assessment of the implementation and results of environmental action and legislation ;
in particular , to provide technical , scientific and economic information requested by the commission in its tasks of identification , preparation and [evaluation] of the implementation and results of environmental action and legislation ;

Assessment of the ecological values of tropical forest ;
[evaluation] of the ecological values of tropical forest ;

An assessment of management tools , institutional adaptation and policy integration in regard to global environmental change ;
an [evaluation] of management tools , institutional adaptation and policy integration in regard to global environmental change ;

Industrial hazards and risk assessment
industrial hazards and risk [evaluation]

It is also relevant to point out here the work of the Health and Safety Executive in developing techniques for quantitative risk assessment ( Health and Safety Executive 1989 ) .
it is also relevant to point out here the work of the health and safety executive in developing techniques for quantitative risk [evaluation] ( health and safety executive 1989 ) .

The possibilities sketched above relate to emergency planning , the search for hazardous sites , and risk assessment .
the possibilities sketched above relate to emergency planning , the search for hazardous sites , and risk [evaluation] .

For patients who are identified from assessment as being at particular risk , relevant preventive activities should be included in the list of interventions written on the patient 's nursing plan .
for patients who are identified from [evaluation] as being at particular risk , relevant preventive activities should be included in the list of interventions written on the patient 's nursing plan .

Wilson-Barnett differentiates between teaching ( involving a change in behaviour ) and information-giving ( a process , and having less concern with how it is received … and not necessarily involving interaction or assessment of individual need ) .
wilson-barnett differentiates between teaching ( involving a change in behaviour ) and information-giving ( a process , and having less concern with how it is received … and not necessarily involving interaction or [evaluation] of individual need ) .

The susceptibility has already been spoken of but the assessment of a patient involves looking at their health on all levels , including physical , mental and emotional .
the susceptibility has already been spoken of but the [evaluation] of a patient involves looking at their health on all levels , including physical , mental and emotional .

This is a very brief view of the type of assessment that is made during constitutional treatment .
this is a very brief view of the type of [evaluation] that is made during constitutional treatment .

With a view to aiding the assessment of a patient 's progress there are a few simple guidelines that can be followed ; for cure to be taking place the disease should go from within to without , from organs of greater importance to lesser importance , from above to below and to disappear in the reverse order to their original appearance .
with a view to aiding the [evaluation] of a patient 's progress there are a few simple guidelines that can be followed ; for cure to be taking place the disease should go from within to without , from organs of greater importance to lesser importance , from above to below and to disappear in the reverse order to their original appearance .

Ideally an assessment by an experienced practitioner should be sought for this but these two remedies are worth trying .
ideally an [evaluation] by an experienced practitioner should be sought for this but these two remedies are worth trying .

Post-natal depression or prolonged ‘ blues ’ really needs assessment by an experienced practitioner .
post-natal depression or prolonged ‘ blues ’ really needs [evaluation] by an experienced practitioner .

Because weekly demand variability is a key determinant of the finished inventory a manufacturer must hold , each firm should conduct an assessment of the demand variability of each item in the product line.2 Retailers require orders to be filled at the SKU level , so such demand variability analyses should be conducted at the SKU level as well .
because weekly demand variability is a key determinant of the finished inventory a manufacturer must hold , each firm should conduct an [evaluation] of the demand variability of each item in the product line.2 retailers require orders to be filled at the sku level , so such demand variability analyses should be conducted at the sku level as well .

In our initial assessment , we found that this manufacturer was in stock for most SKUs most of the time—a pretty good result .
in our initial [evaluation] , we found that this manufacturer was in stock for most skus most of the time—a pretty good result .

Therefore , to provide a useful basis for making decisions that minimize risk , a forecast should include an explicit assessment of the relative likelihood of different demand levels occurring .
therefore , to provide a useful basis for making decisions that minimize risk , a forecast should include an explicit [evaluation] of the relative likelihood of different demand levels occurring .

Another calls them `` tenants ... directly liable to pay the assessment , fee , or charge in question . ''
another calls them `` tenants ... directly liable to pay the [evaluation] , fee , or charge in question . ''

An assessment of blood alcohol testing practices found that 91 % of physicians who do not measure blood alcohol concentration believe the test is `` not clinically important '' because knowledge of the patient 's blood alcohol level does not benefit the patient.28 Skepticism about treatment benefits is apparently widespread .
an [evaluation] of blood alcohol testing practices found that 91 % of physicians who do not measure blood alcohol concentration believe the test is `` not clinically important '' because knowledge of the patient 's blood alcohol level does not benefit the patient.28 skepticism about treatment benefits is apparently widespread .

The validitiy of police assessment of driver intoxication in motor vehicle crashes leading to hospitalization .
the validitiy of police [evaluation] of driver intoxication in motor vehicle crashes leading to hospitalization .

Alcohol and other drugs : an assessment of testing and clinical practices in US Trauma Centers .
alcohol and other drugs : an [evaluation] of testing and clinical practices in us trauma centers .

I appreciate the advances being made to integrate screening into emergency departments , and I agree with Dr. Gentilello 's assessment of the barriers to making screening a reality .
i appreciate the advances being made to integrate screening into emergency departments , and i agree with dr. gentilello 's [evaluation] of the barriers to making screening a reality .

He observed concern during the conference that control groups in intervention studies get much alcohol-related assessment , which can act as an intervention .
he observed concern during the conference that control groups in intervention studies get much alcohol-related [evaluation] , which can act as an intervention .

Then follow-up interviews would have to do less alcohol intake assessment , and that would mean less intervention effect on the control group .
then follow-up interviews would have to do less alcohol intake [evaluation] , and that would mean less intervention effect on the control group .

It is important to note that minimal interventions are not insignificant since they include , of necessity , an assessment of drinking behavior and a follow-up contact , and they are often much more than ordinarily occurs in the emergency setting .
it is important to note that minimal interventions are not insignificant since they include , of necessity , an [evaluation] of drinking behavior and a follow-up contact , and they are often much more than ordinarily occurs in the emergency setting .

Screening or assessment alone , however , does not appear to be as effective as some type of specific intervention .
screening or [evaluation] alone , however , does not appear to be as effective as some type of specific intervention .

This preliminary screen should trigger a more in-depth assessment and a brief intervention that can be delivered either separately or as a package ( Figure 2 ) .
this preliminary screen should trigger a more in-depth [evaluation] and a brief intervention that can be delivered either separately or as a package ( figure 2 ) .

The assessment is critical for evaluating motivation and decisional considerations and for determining the need for and appropriateness of referrals to treatment .
the [evaluation] is critical for evaluating motivation and decisional considerations and for determining the need for and appropriateness of referrals to treatment .

The assessment and intervention could be delivered by a variety of trained professionals who have some expertise in motivational interventions , understand alcohol problems , and are armed with a series of viable options to assist the patient.35 The intervention , by necessity , needs to be brief and limited in contact consisting of 10 to 40 minutes of interaction .
the [evaluation] and intervention could be delivered by a variety of trained professionals who have some expertise in motivational interventions , understand alcohol problems , and are armed with a series of viable options to assist the patient.35 the intervention , by necessity , needs to be brief and limited in contact consisting of 10 to 40 minutes of interaction .

Alcohol and other drugs : an assessment of testing and clinical practices in U.S. trauma centers .
alcohol and other drugs : an [evaluation] of testing and clinical practices in u.s. trauma centers .

Even if the assessment is embedded in a general health-needs survey , patients know they are being asked about alcohol , and that could affect their answers .
even if the [evaluation] is embedded in a general health-needs survey , patients know they are being asked about alcohol , and that could affect their answers .

Finally , the ideal test should actually motivate the patient to further assessment , counseling , or referral as needed .
finally , the ideal test should actually motivate the patient to further [evaluation] , counseling , or referral as needed .

It is a three-question screen that takes about 1 minute.33 One screen has been developed for emergency department use , the Rapid Alcohol Assessment Screen ( RAPS4 ) .
it is a three-question screen that takes about 1 minute.33 one screen has been developed for emergency department use , the rapid alcohol [evaluation] screen ( raps4 ) .

If anything , the multiplicity of players only reinforces the recommendations that GAO has made in the past regarding the urgent need for a comprehensive threat , risk , and vulnerability assessment and a national homeland security strategy that can provide direction and utility at all levels of government and across all sectors of the country.3 2 U.S. General Accounting Office , Homeland Security : Proposal for Cabinet Agency Has Merit Implementation Will Be Pivotal to Success , GAO-02-886T ( Washington , D.C. : June 25 , 2002 ) .
if anything , the multiplicity of players only reinforces the recommendations that gao has made in the past regarding the urgent need for a comprehensive threat , risk , and vulnerability [evaluation] and a national homeland security strategy that can provide direction and utility at all levels of government and across all sectors of the country.3 2 u.s. general accounting office , homeland security : proposal for cabinet agency has merit implementation will be pivotal to success , gao-02-886t ( washington , d.c. : june 25 , 2002 ) .

In addition , GAO has said the national strategy development and implementation should include 1 ) a regular update of a national-level threat and risk assessment effort , 2 ) formulate realistic budget and resource plans to eliminate gaps , avoid duplicate effort , avoid `` hitchhiker '' spending , and protect against federal funds being used to substitute for funding that would have occurred anyway , 3 ) coordinate the strategy for combating terrorism with efforts to prevent , detect , and respond to computer-based attacks , 4 ) coordinate agency implementation by reviewing agency and interagency programs to accomplish the national strategy , and 5 ) carefully choose the most appropriate policy tools of government to best implement the national strategy and achieve national goals .
in addition , gao has said the national strategy development and implementation should include 1 ) a regular update of a national-level threat and risk [evaluation] effort , 2 ) formulate realistic budget and resource plans to eliminate gaps , avoid duplicate effort , avoid `` hitchhiker '' spending , and protect against federal funds being used to substitute for funding that would have occurred anyway , 3 ) coordinate the strategy for combating terrorism with efforts to prevent , detect , and respond to computer-based attacks , 4 ) coordinate agency implementation by reviewing agency and interagency programs to accomplish the national strategy , and 5 ) carefully choose the most appropriate policy tools of government to best implement the national strategy and achieve national goals .

One action was to task a training committee to develop and implement a Training Needs Assessment tool to determine employees ' training needs and to schedule training for fiscal year 2002 .
one action was to task a training committee to develop and implement a training needs [evaluation] tool to determine employees ' training needs and to schedule training for fiscal year 2002 .

The senior executive stated in his selfassessment for fiscal year 2001 that the employees and their supervisors used the assessment tool to establish individual development plans and the training committee has been scheduling training sessions to ensure that individual development plans are met .
the senior executive stated in his selfassessment for fiscal year 2001 that the employees and their supervisors used the [evaluation] tool to establish individual development plans and the training committee has been scheduling training sessions to ensure that individual development plans are met .

Initial assessment ratings : For each performance objective in their individual performance plan , senior executives receive an assessment of `` achieved results , '' `` minimally satisfactory , '' or `` unsatisfactory . ''
initial [evaluation] ratings : for each performance objective in their individual performance plan , senior executives receive an [evaluation] of `` achieved results , '' `` minimally satisfactory , '' or `` unsatisfactory . ''

Page 2 GAO/OGC-98-22 Enclosed is our assessment of the agencies ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
page 2 gao/ogc-98-22 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the agencies ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

As such , they were reviewed by OMB based on information supplied by the Departments , which included planned regulatory action documents describing the reason for the rules and an assessment of the costs and budgetary impact of the rules .
as such , they were reviewed by omb based on information supplied by the departments , which included planned regulatory action documents describing the reason for the rules and an [evaluation] of the costs and budgetary impact of the rules .

Enclosed is our assessment of HCFA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of hcfa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Human Capital : A Self Assessment Checklist for Agency Leaders ( GAO/GGD99179 , September 1999 ) .
human capital : a self [evaluation] checklist for agency leaders ( gao/ggd99179 , september 1999 ) .

The CFOs at these organizations are often heavily involved talent assessment and senior executive leaders are actively involved in oncampus recruiting .
the cfos at these organizations are often heavily involved talent [evaluation] and senior executive leaders are actively involved in oncampus recruiting .

Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat- www.tbssct.gc.ca This site highlights the reports and assessment guides associated with Canada 's initiative to modernize its comptrollership function .
treasury board of canada secretariat- www.tbssct.gc.ca this site highlights the reports and [evaluation] guides associated with canada 's initiative to modernize its comptrollership function .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Commission 's compliance with the procedural requirements referred to in sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the commission 's compliance with the procedural requirements referred to in sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of NHTSA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of nhtsa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The Supplementary Information accompanying the proposed rule contains a discussion and assessment of the economic impacts of the proposed standard , including its potential costs , benefits , and alternatives .
the supplementary information accompanying the proposed rule contains a discussion and [evaluation] of the economic impacts of the proposed standard , including its potential costs , benefits , and alternatives .

We categorize these actions into the five components of internal control-control environment , risk assessment , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring-outlined in the Comptroller General 's Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO-AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) .
we categorize these actions into the five components of internal control-control environment , risk [evaluation] , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring-outlined in the comptroller general 's standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao-aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) .

Activities that must be undertaken for each program , to ensure the quality of assessment and services provided , are being developed .
activities that must be undertaken for each program , to ensure the quality of [evaluation] and services provided , are being developed .

Further , a culture of accountability was essential to begin the critical next step in managing improper payments , the risk assessment process .
further , a culture of accountability was essential to begin the critical next step in managing improper payments , the risk [evaluation] process .

Risk Assessment : Determining the Nature and Extent of the Problem -One of the worst problems an organization confronts is the problem of institutional denial .
risk [evaluation] : determining the nature and extent of the problem -one of the worst problems an organization confronts is the problem of institutional denial .

A key step in the process of gaining this assurance is conducting a risk assessment , an activity that entails a comprehensive review and analysis of program operations to determine where risks exist and what those risks are , and then measuring the potential or actual impact of those risks on program operations .
a key step in the process of gaining this assurance is conducting a risk [evaluation] , an activity that entails a comprehensive review and analysis of program operations to determine where risks exist and what those risks are , and then measuring the potential or actual impact of those risks on program operations .

In performing a risk assessment , management should consider all significant interactions between the entity and other parties , as well as all internal factors at both the organizationwide and program levels .
in performing a risk [evaluation] , management should consider all significant interactions between the entity and other parties , as well as all internal factors at both the organizationwide and program levels .

As such , the risk assessment process should be iterative .
as such , the risk [evaluation] process should be iterative .

The information developed during a risk assessment forms the foundation or basis upon which management can determine the nature and type of corrective actions needed , and it gives management baseline information for measuring progress in reducing improper payments .
the information developed during a risk [evaluation] forms the foundation or basis upon which management can determine the nature and type of corrective actions needed , and it gives management baseline information for measuring progress in reducing improper payments .

A thorough risk assessment also allows entities to target high-risk areas and , therefore , to focus often limited resources where the greatest exposure exists .
a thorough risk [evaluation] also allows entities to target high-risk areas and , therefore , to focus often limited resources where the greatest exposure exists .

Strategies to Consider-Risk Assessment To assess risk by determining the nature and extent of improper payments , the following strategies should be considered :
strategies to consider-risk [evaluation] to assess risk by determining the nature and extent of improper payments , the following strategies should be considered :

Based on this risk assessment , Centrelink developed a range of specific prevention strategies aimed at educating beneficiaries and employers on income reporting requirements .
based on this risk [evaluation] , centrelink developed a range of specific prevention strategies aimed at educating beneficiaries and employers on income reporting requirements .

Monitoring focuses on the assessment of the quality of performance over time and on the prompt resolution of problems identified either through separate program evaluations or audits .
monitoring focuses on the [evaluation] of the quality of performance over time and on the prompt resolution of problems identified either through separate program evaluations or audits .

The techniques and approaches shared a common focus of improving the internal control systems over the problem areas and generally included actions in five areas-control environment , risk assessment , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring .
the techniques and approaches shared a common focus of improving the internal control systems over the problem areas and generally included actions in five areas-control environment , risk [evaluation] , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring .

The nature and magnitude of the problem-determined through a systematic risk assessment process-needs to be determined and openly communicated to all relevant parties .
the nature and magnitude of the problem-determined through a systematic risk [evaluation] process-needs to be determined and openly communicated to all relevant parties .

This risk assessment is used to determine where risks exist , what those risks are , and the potential or actual impact of those risks on program operations .
this risk [evaluation] is used to determine where risks exist , what those risks are , and the potential or actual impact of those risks on program operations .

These organizations establish a central management focal point , promote awareness , link policies to business risks , and develop practical risk assessment procedures that link security to business needs .
these organizations establish a central management focal point , promote awareness , link policies to business risks , and develop practical risk [evaluation] procedures that link security to business needs .

In addition , there are many aspects of information security , such as risk assessment , policy development , and disaster recovery planning , that require coordinated management attention .
in addition , there are many aspects of information security , such as risk [evaluation] , policy development , and disaster recovery planning , that require coordinated management attention .

Practice 2 : Develop Practical Risk Assessment Procedures That Link Security to Business Needs The organizations we studied had tried or were exploring various risk assessment methodologies , ranging from very informal discussions of risk to fairly complex methods involving the use of specialized software tools .
practice 2 : develop practical risk [evaluation] procedures that link security to business needs the organizations we studied had tried or were exploring various risk [evaluation] methodologies , ranging from very informal discussions of risk to fairly complex methods involving the use of specialized software tools .

However , the organizations that were the most satisfied with their risk assessment procedures were those that had defined a relatively simple process that could be adapted to various organizational units and involved a mix of individuals with knowledge of business operations and technical aspects of the organization 's systems and security controls .
however , the organizations that were the most satisfied with their risk [evaluation] procedures were those that had defined a relatively simple process that could be adapted to various organizational units and involved a mix of individuals with knowledge of business operations and technical aspects of the organization 's systems and security controls .

With similar objectives in mind , the utility company had developed a streamlined risk assessment process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls .
with similar objectives in mind , the utility company had developed a streamlined risk [evaluation] process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls .

By increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .
by increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk [evaluation] results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .

Case Example : A Practical Method for Involving Business Managers in Risk Assessment A major electric utility company has developed an efficient and disciplined process for ensuring that information security-related risks to business operations are considered and documented .
case example : a practical method for involving business managers in risk [evaluation] a major electric utility company has developed an efficient and disciplined process for ensuring that information security-related risks to business operations are considered and documented .

Initiating discussions on information security risks with business managers and conducting defined risk assessment procedures .
initiating discussions on information security risks with business managers and conducting defined risk [evaluation] procedures .

Further , as discussed previously regarding risk assessment , actual reductions in risk can not be precisely quantified because sufficient data on risk factors are not available .
further , as discussed previously regarding risk [evaluation] , actual reductions in risk can not be precisely quantified because sufficient data on risk factors are not available .

We also discussed assessment techniques with experts at NIST .
we also discussed [evaluation] techniques with experts at nist .

GAO/OGC-97-1 Enclosed is our assessment of the Department of Agriculture 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-1 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the department of agriculture 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Volume I , Version 1.0 February 28 , 1997 605 SUMMARY This Statement establishes standards for reporting on the Federal Government 's stewardship over 1 ) certain resources entrusted to it , identified as stewardship property , plant , and equipment and stewardship investments , and 2 ) certain responsibilities assumed by it , identified as the current service assessment .
volume i , version 1.0 february 28 , 1997 605 summary this statement establishes standards for reporting on the federal government 's stewardship over 1 ) certain resources entrusted to it , identified as stewardship property , plant , and equipment and stewardship investments , and 2 ) certain responsibilities assumed by it , identified as the current service [evaluation] .

This assessment , termed a Current Services Assessment , provides receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities .
this [evaluation] , termed a current services [evaluation] , provides receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities .

The Concepts Statement , Objectives of Federal Financial Reporting was developed on the basis of an in-depth assessment of user needs and is used to guide the Board in developing Federal accounting and reporting standards .
the concepts statement , objectives of federal financial reporting was developed on the basis of an in-depth [evaluation] of user needs and is used to guide the board in developing federal accounting and reporting standards .

Financial condition allows an assessment of an entity on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .
financial condition allows an [evaluation] of an entity on the basis of additional data that could include financial and nonfinancial information about current conditions .

Moreover , assessment of financial condition could include analysis of trends , demands , commitments , events , and uncertainties.4 Stewardship PP & E 11 .
moreover , [evaluation] of financial condition could include analysis of trends , demands , commitments , events , and uncertainties.4 stewardship pp & e 11 .

This information will be in the form of a current services assessment providing future receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities 7 The term `` Federal mission '' refers to activities that are typically Federal , such as National defense .
this information will be in the form of a current services [evaluation] providing future receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities 7 the term `` federal mission '' refers to activities that are typically federal , such as national defense .

Accordingly , except for the standard described in Chapter 8 , `` Current Service Assessment , '' the effective date of the stewardship standards as they apply to the consolidated financial report , is deferred pending that decision .
accordingly , except for the standard described in chapter 8 , `` current service [evaluation] , '' the effective date of the stewardship standards as they apply to the consolidated financial report , is deferred pending that decision .

Research Funding as an Investment : Can We Measure the Returns ? , A Technical Memorandum , Congress of the United States , Office of Technology Assessment ( Apr .
research funding as an investment : can we measure the returns ? , a technical memorandum , congress of the united states , office of technology [evaluation] ( apr .

CHAPTER 8 : CURRENT SERVICES ASSESSMENT Current Services Assessment A Current Services Assessment ( CSA ) on the basis of receipt and outlay data as published in the President 's Budget will be reported for all programs for the base year and 6 years subsequent to the base year .
chapter 8 : current services [evaluation] current services [evaluation] a current services [evaluation] ( csa ) on the basis of receipt and outlay data as published in the president 's budget will be reported for all programs for the base year and 6 years subsequent to the base year .

A more extensive evaluation , including an assessment of effects on long-term earnings , is currently planned for completion in 1999 .
a more extensive evaluation , including an [evaluation] of effects on long-term earnings , is currently planned for completion in 1999 .

CURRENT SERVICES ASSESSMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION A Current Services Assessment ( CSA ) provides receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities .
current services [evaluation] annual stewardship information a current services [evaluation] ( csa ) provides receipt and outlay data on the basis of projections of future activities .

CONDITION ASSESSMENT SURVEYS - Periodic inspections of PP & E to determine their current condition and estimated cost to correct any deficiencies .
condition [evaluation] surveys - periodic inspections of pp & e to determine their current condition and estimated cost to correct any deficiencies .

CURRENT SERVICES ASSESSMENT -Projections of future receipts and outlays from future activities based on the programs established by current law .
current services [evaluation] -projections of future receipts and outlays from future activities based on the programs established by current law .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Department 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the department 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the SEC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the sec 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Case Illustration : United States Customs Service adjustments so that potential problems do not become crises.10 By building environmental assessment into the strategic planning process , they are able to stay focused on their long-term goals even as they make changes in the way they intend to achieve them .
case illustration : united states customs service adjustments so that potential problems do not become crises.10 by building environmental [evaluation] into the strategic planning process , they are able to stay focused on their long-term goals even as they make changes in the way they intend to achieve them .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

GAO/OGC-96-41 Enclosed is our assessment of HCFA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-96-41 enclosed is our [evaluation] of hcfa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of HCFA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of hcfa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this Report and Order .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this report and order .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Board 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the board 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Army Corps of Engineers : An Assessment of the Draft Environmental Impact Statement of the Lower Snake River Dams , GAO/RCED-00-186 , July 24 , 2000 .
army corps of engineers : an [evaluation] of the draft environmental impact statement of the lower snake river dams , gao/rced-00-186 , july 24 , 2000 .

However , these data are simply one form of evidence relied on , although they may require more technical assessment than other forms of evidence .
however , these data are simply one form of evidence relied on , although they may require more technical [evaluation] than other forms of evidence .

This guidance is intended to demystify the assessment of computerprocessed data .
this guidance is intended to demystify the [evaluation] of computerprocessed data .

The framework also provides a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .
the framework also provides a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on [evaluation] strategies .

The ultimate goal of the data reliability assessment is to determine whether you can use the data for your intended purposes .
the ultimate goal of the data reliability [evaluation] is to determine whether you can use the data for your intended purposes .

This guidance is designed to help you make an appropriate , defensible assessment in the most efficient manner .
this guidance is designed to help you make an appropriate , defensible [evaluation] in the most efficient manner .

It begins with the steps in a preliminary assessment , which , in many cases , may be all you need to do to assess reliability .
it begins with the steps in a preliminary [evaluation] , which , in many cases , may be all you need to do to assess reliability .

This guidance also helps you decide whether you should follow up the preliminary assessment with additional work .
this guidance also helps you decide whether you should follow up the preliminary [evaluation] with additional work .

If so , it explains the steps in a final assessment and the actions to take , depending on the results of your additional work .
if so , it explains the steps in a final [evaluation] and the actions to take , depending on the results of your additional work .

In addition , this guidance discusses suggested language-appropriate under different circumstances-for reporting the results of your assessment .
in addition , this guidance discusses suggested language-appropriate under different circumstances-for reporting the results of your [evaluation] .

Finally , it provides detailed descriptions of all the stages of the assessment , as well as a glossary of technical terms used ( see p. 33 ) .
finally , it provides detailed descriptions of all the stages of the [evaluation] , as well as a glossary of technical terms used ( see p. 33 ) .

The `` Yellow Book '' requires that a data reliability assessment be performed for all data used as support for engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations.1 This guidance will help you to design a data reliability assessment appropriate for the purposes of the engagement and then to evaluate the results of the assessment .
the `` yellow book '' requires that a data reliability [evaluation] be performed for all data used as support for engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations.1 this guidance will help you to design a data reliability [evaluation] appropriate for the purposes of the engagement and then to evaluate the results of the [evaluation] .

Section 3 : Deciding If a Data Reliability Assessment Is Necessary To decide if a data reliability assessment is necessary , you should consider certain conditions .
section 3 : deciding if a data reliability [evaluation] is necessary to decide if a data reliability [evaluation] is necessary , you should consider certain conditions .

Conditions Requiring a Data Reliability Assessment You should assess reliability if the data to be analyzed are intended to support the engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
conditions requiring a data reliability [evaluation] you should assess reliability if the data to be analyzed are intended to support the engagement findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

Conditions Not Requiring a Data Reliability Assessment You do not need to assess reliability if the data are used ( 1 ) only as background information or ( 2 ) in documents without findings , conclusions , or recommendations .
conditions not requiring a data reliability [evaluation] you do not need to assess reliability if the data are used ( 1 ) only as background information or ( 2 ) in documents without findings , conclusions , or recommendations .

Sometimes , as a best practice , however , you may want to do some assessment of background data .
sometimes , as a best practice , however , you may want to do some [evaluation] of background data .

Your judgment of the data 's importance and the reliability of the source , as well as other engagement factors , can help you determine the extent of such an assessment .
your judgment of the data 's importance and the reliability of the source , as well as other engagement factors , can help you determine the extent of such an [evaluation] .

Section 4 : Performing a Data Reliability Assessment Timing the Assessment To perform a data reliability assessment , you need to decide on the timing-when to perform the assessment-and how to document it .
section 4 : performing a data reliability [evaluation] timing the [evaluation] to perform a data reliability [evaluation] , you need to decide on the timing-when to perform the assessment-and how to document it .

A data reliability assessment should be performed as early as possible in the engagement process , preferably during the design phase .
a data reliability [evaluation] should be performed as early as possible in the engagement process , preferably during the design phase .

Documenting the Assessment All work performed as part of the data reliability assessment should be documented and included in the engagement workpapers .
documenting the [evaluation] all work performed as part of the data reliability [evaluation] should be documented and included in the engagement workpapers .

In addition , decisions made during the assessment , including the final assessment of whether the data are sufficiently reliable for the purposes of the engagement , should be summarized and included with the workpapers .
in addition , decisions made during the [evaluation] , including the final [evaluation] of whether the data are sufficiently reliable for the purposes of the engagement , should be summarized and included with the workpapers .

Section 5 : Viewing the Entire Assessment Process The ultimate goal of the data reliability assessment is to determine whether you can use the data to answer the research question .
section 5 : viewing the entire [evaluation] process the ultimate goal of the data reliability [evaluation] is to determine whether you can use the data to answer the research question .

The assessment should be performed only for those portions of the data that are relevant to the engagement .
the [evaluation] should be performed only for those portions of the data that are relevant to the engagement .

Therefore , the specific assessment process should take into account these factors along with what is learned during the initial stage of the assessment .
therefore , the specific [evaluation] process should take into account these factors along with what is learned during the initial stage of the [evaluation] .

The overall framework of the process for data reliability assessment is shown in figure 3 .
the overall framework of the process for data reliability [evaluation] is shown in figure 3 .

The framework identifies several key stages in the assessment , as well as actions and decisions expected as you move through the process .
the framework identifies several key stages in the [evaluation] , as well as actions and decisions expected as you move through the process .

The framework allows you to identify the appropriate mix of assessment steps to fit the particular needs of your engagement .
the framework allows you to identify the appropriate mix of [evaluation] steps to fit the particular needs of your engagement .

In most cases , all of the elements in figure 3 would not be necessary in completing the assessment .
in most cases , all of the elements in figure 3 would not be necessary in completing the [evaluation] .

These steps provide the basis for making a preliminary assessment of data reliability : ( 1 ) a review of related information and ( 2 ) initial testing ( see figure 4 ) .
these steps provide the basis for making a preliminary [evaluation] of data reliability : ( 1 ) a review of related information and ( 2 ) initial testing ( see figure 4 ) .

In some instances , the engagement may have a time frame that is too short for a complete preliminary assessment , for example , a request for testimony in 2 weeks .
in some instances , the engagement may have a time frame that is too short for a complete preliminary [evaluation] , for example , a request for testimony in 2 weeks .

Section 7 : Making the Preliminary Assessment Factors to Consider in the Assessment The preliminary assessment is the first decision point in the assessment process , including the consideration of multiple factors , a determination of the sufficiency of the data reliability with what is known at this point , and a decision about whether further work is required .
section 7 : making the preliminary [evaluation] factors to consider in the [evaluation] the preliminary [evaluation] is the first decision point in the [evaluation] process , including the consideration of multiple factors , a determination of the sufficiency of the data reliability with what is known at this point , and a decision about whether further work is required .

To make the preliminary assessment of the sufficiency of the data reliability for the engagement , you should consider all factors related to aspects of the engagement , as well as assessment work performed to this point .
to make the preliminary [evaluation] of the sufficiency of the data reliability for the engagement , you should consider all factors related to aspects of the engagement , as well as [evaluation] work performed to this point .

Expected Significance of In making the preliminary assessment , consider the data in the context of the final report : Will the engagement team depend on the data alone to the Data in the Final Report answer a research question ?
expected significance of in making the preliminary [evaluation] , consider the data in the context of the final report : will the engagement team depend on the data alone to the data in the final report answer a research question ?

To do a risk assessment , consider the following risk conditions :
to do a risk [evaluation] , consider the following risk conditions :

Results of Initial Assessment Work At this point , as shown in figure 5 ( p. 19 ) , the team will already have performed the initial stage of the data reliability assessment .
results of initial [evaluation] work at this point , as shown in figure 5 ( p. 19 ) , the team will already have performed the initial stage of the data reliability [evaluation] .

These results should be appropriately documented and reviewed before the team enters into the decision-making phase of the preliminary assessment .
these results should be appropriately documented and reviewed before the team enters into the decision-making phase of the preliminary [evaluation] .

Because the results will , in whole or in part , provide the evidence that the data are sufficiently reliable-and therefore competent enough-or not sufficiently reliable for the purposes Outcomes to Consider in the Assessment of the engagement , the workpapers should include documentation of the process and results .
because the results will , in whole or in part , provide the evidence that the data are sufficiently reliable-and therefore competent enough-or not sufficiently reliable for the purposes outcomes to consider in the [evaluation] of the engagement , the workpapers should include documentation of the process and results .

The overall assessment is a judgment call , which should be made in the context of discussion with team management and technical specialists .
the overall [evaluation] is a judgment call , which should be made in the context of discussion with team management and technical specialists .

The preliminary assessment categorizes the data as sufficiently reliable , not sufficiently reliable , or of undetermined reliability .
the preliminary [evaluation] categorizes the data as sufficiently reliable , not sufficiently reliable , or of undetermined reliability .

Each category has implications for the next steps of the data reliability assessment .
each category has implications for the next steps of the data reliability [evaluation] .

When the preliminary assessment indicates that the data are sufficiently reliable , use the data .
when the preliminary [evaluation] indicates that the data are sufficiently reliable , use the data .

When the preliminary assessment indicates that the data are not sufficiently reliable , you should seek evidence from other sources , including ( 1 ) alternative computerized data-the reliability of which you should also assess-or ( 2 ) original data in the form of surveys , case studies , or expert interviews .
when the preliminary [evaluation] indicates that the data are not sufficiently reliable , you should seek evidence from other sources , including ( 1 ) alternative computerized data-the reliability of which you should also assess-or ( 2 ) original data in the form of surveys , case studies , or expert interviews .

When the preliminary assessment indicates that the reliability of the data is undetermined , consider doing additional work to determine reliability .
when the preliminary [evaluation] indicates that the reliability of the data is undetermined , consider doing additional work to determine reliability .

Section 8 : Conducting Additional Work When you have determined ( through the preliminary assessment ) that the data are of undetermined reliability , consider conducting additional work ( see figure 6 ) .
section 8 : conducting additional work when you have determined ( through the preliminary [evaluation] ) that the data are of undetermined reliability , consider conducting additional work ( see figure 6 ) .

The mix depends on what weaknesses you identified in the preliminary assessment and the circumstances specific to your engagement , such as risk level and corroborating evidence , as well as other factors .
the mix depends on what weaknesses you identified in the preliminary [evaluation] and the circumstances specific to your engagement , such as risk level and corroborating evidence , as well as other factors .

You should get help from appropriate technical specialists to discuss whether additional work is required and to carry out any part of the additional reliability assessment .
you should get help from appropriate technical specialists to discuss whether additional work is required and to carry out any part of the additional reliability [evaluation] .

Sometimes , you identify potential system control problems in the initial steps of the assessment .
sometimes , you identify potential system control problems in the initial steps of the [evaluation] .

Other times , you learn during the preliminary assessment that source documents are not readily available .
other times , you learn during the preliminary [evaluation] that source documents are not readily available .

Section 9 : Making the Final Assessment During the final assessment , you should consider the results of all your previous work to determine whether , for your intended use , the data are sufficiently reliable , not sufficiently reliable , or still undetermined .
section 9 : making the final [evaluation] during the final [evaluation] , you should consider the results of all your previous work to determine whether , for your intended use , the data are sufficiently reliable , not sufficiently reliable , or still undetermined .

The final assessment will help you decide what actions to take ( see figure 7 ) .
the final [evaluation] will help you decide what actions to take ( see figure 7 ) .

In making this assessment , you should consult with appropriate technical specialists .
in making this [evaluation] , you should consult with appropriate technical specialists .

You can consider the data sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : On the basis of the additional work , as well as the initial assessment work , using the data would not weaken the analysis nor lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .
you can consider the data sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : on the basis of the additional work , as well as the initial [evaluation] work , using the data would not weaken the analysis nor lead to an incorrect or unintentional message .

When your final assessment indicates that the data are reliable , use the data .
when your final [evaluation] indicates that the data are reliable , use the data .

Sufficiently Reliable Data Not Sufficiently Reliable Data You can consider the data to be not sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : On the basis of information drawn from the additional assessment , as well as the preliminary assessment , ( 1 ) using the data would most likely lead to an incorrect or unintentional message and ( 2 ) the data have significant or potentially significant limitations , given the research question and intended use of the data .
sufficiently reliable data not sufficiently reliable data you can consider the data to be not sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following : on the basis of information drawn from the additional [evaluation] , as well as the preliminary [evaluation] , ( 1 ) using the data would most likely lead to an incorrect or unintentional message and ( 2 ) the data have significant or potentially significant limitations , given the research question and intended use of the data .

Data of Undetermined Reliability You can consider the data to be of undetermined reliability when you conclude the following : On the basis of the information drawn from any additional work , as well as the preliminary assessment , ( 1 ) use of the data could lead to a incorrect or unintentional message and ( 2 ) the data have significant or potentially significant limitations , given the research question and the intended use .
data of undetermined reliability you can consider the data to be of undetermined reliability when you conclude the following : on the basis of the information drawn from any additional work , as well as the preliminary [evaluation] , ( 1 ) use of the data could lead to a incorrect or unintentional message and ( 2 ) the data have significant or potentially significant limitations , given the research question and the intended use .

Furthermore , in the methodology section , include a discussion of your assessment of data reliability and the basis for this assessment .
furthermore , in the methodology section , include a discussion of your [evaluation] of data reliability and the basis for this [evaluation] .

This presentation includes ( 1 ) noting what kind of assessment you relied on , ( 2 ) explaining the steps in the assessment , and ( 3 ) disclosing any data limitations .
this presentation includes ( 1 ) noting what kind of [evaluation] you relied on , ( 2 ) explaining the steps in the [evaluation] , and ( 3 ) disclosing any data limitations .

This presentation should include what kind of assessment you relied on , with an explanation of the steps in the assessment .
this presentation should include what kind of [evaluation] you relied on , with an explanation of the steps in the [evaluation] .

The TRI 's basic purpose is to inform the public of chemical hazards in their areas which in turn permits communities to respond to chemical spills and other emergencies.2 Enclosed is our assessment of the EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
the tri 's basic purpose is to inform the public of chemical hazards in their areas which in turn permits communities to respond to chemical spills and other emergencies.2 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the epa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

This assessment is based on an estimate of 4,800 businesses that will be affected , 3,600 of which can be categorized as small by SBA SIC code .
this [evaluation] is based on an estimate of 4,800 businesses that will be affected , 3,600 of which can be categorized as small by sba sic code .

Enclosed is our assessment of the SEC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the sec 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this Final Report and Order .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this final report and order .

Enclosed is our assessment of OSHA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of osha 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Environmental Protection Agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 GAO/OGC-96-27 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the environmental protection agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 gao/ogc-96-27 with respect to the rule .

OMB 's published guidance12 states that an agency should perform an assessment to evaluate the suitability of electronic signature alternatives for a particular application .
omb 's published guidance12 states that an agency should perform an [evaluation] to evaluate the suitability of electronic signature alternatives for a particular application .

Among other things , the assessment should develop strategies to mitigate risks and maximize benefits in the context of available technologies , and the relative total costs and effects of implementing those technologies .
among other things , the [evaluation] should develop strategies to mitigate risks and maximize benefits in the context of available technologies , and the relative total costs and effects of implementing those technologies .

We did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual FMFIA review .
we did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational , [evaluation] of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual fmfia review .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Departments ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the departments ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .

As such , they were reviewed by OMB based on the information supplied by the Departments , which included planned regulatory action documents describing the reason for the rules and an assessment of the costs and budgetary impact of the rules .
as such , they were reviewed by omb based on the information supplied by the departments , which included planned regulatory action documents describing the reason for the rules and an [evaluation] of the costs and budgetary impact of the rules .

The substance of those comments will be published in the report along with GAO 's assessment .
the substance of those comments will be published in the report along with gao 's [evaluation] .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the animal and plant health inspection service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

APHIS performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing Page 3 GAO/OGC-97-43 or disseminating hog cholera disease agents into the United States and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .
aphis performed an environmental [evaluation] and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing page 3 gao/ogc-97-43 or disseminating hog cholera disease agents into the united states and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Department of the Interior and the Department of Health and Human Services ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the department of the interior and the department of health and human services ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

OIRA approved the final rule on June 19 , 1996 as complying with the requirements of the Order based on the information supplied by the Departments , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reason for the rule and an assessment of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .
oira approved the final rule on june 19 , 1996 as complying with the requirements of the order based on the information supplied by the departments , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reason for the rule and an [evaluation] of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .

Office of the General Counsel B-272533.1 July 24 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Federal Communications Commission : Assessment and Collection of Regulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 1996 Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission , entitled `` Assessment and Collection of Regulatory Fees for Fiscal Year 1996 '' ( MD Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-272533.1 july 24 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science , and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : federal communications commission : [evaluation] and collection of regulatory fees for fiscal year 1996 pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the federal communications commission , entitled `` [evaluation] and collection of regulatory fees for fiscal year 1996 '' ( md docket no .

Section 9 of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , provides for the annual assessment and collection of regulatory fees .
section 9 of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , provides for the annual [evaluation] and collection of regulatory fees .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of HHS ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of hhs ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The final rule contains a Federalism Assessment under Executive Order No .
the final rule contains a federalism [evaluation] under executive order no .

GAO/OGC-96-47 Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .
gao/ogc-96-47 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the federal crop insurance corporation 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .

OIRA approved the final rules as complying with the requirements of the Order based on the information supplied by FCIC , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reasons for the rules and an assessment of the costs and budgetary impact of the rules .
oira approved the final rules as complying with the requirements of the order based on the information supplied by fcic , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reasons for the rules and an [evaluation] of the costs and budgetary impact of the rules .

Once control is established , an assessment is made to measure the process 's ability to build a part within specification limits as well as how close the part is to that specification .
once control is established , an [evaluation] is made to measure the process 's ability to build a part within specification limits as well as how close the part is to that specification .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the animal and plant health inspection service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

APHIS performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing or disseminating foot and mouth disease into the United States and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .
aphis performed an environmental [evaluation] and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing or disseminating foot and mouth disease into the united states and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .

Enclosed is our assessment of EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of epa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Because of these comments , EPA issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking on March 13 , 1995 ( 60 FR 13526 ) for comment on : Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-26 approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard ( tiering ) ; worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 ( r ) with state programs , particularly state air permitting programs .
because of these comments , epa issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking on march 13 , 1995 ( 60 fr 13526 ) for comment on : page 3 gao/ogc-96-26 approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard ( tiering ) ; worst-case releases and other hazard [evaluation] issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 ( r ) with state programs , particularly state air permitting programs .

For example , our testimony on IRS ' broad-based modernization efforts provided an integrated assessment of the challenges IRS continues to face in its tax enforcement and customer service operations and its modernization of performance management , information systems , and business practices .
for example , our testimony on irs ' broad-based modernization efforts provided an integrated [evaluation] of the challenges irs continues to face in its tax enforcement and customer service operations and its modernization of performance management , information systems , and business practices .

Other accomplishments within the human capital area include : Completion of a first-ever electronic knowledge and skills assessment and inventory that is being used to help identify skill gaps and succession planning needs within the agency .
other accomplishments within the human capital area include : completion of a first-ever electronic knowledge and skills [evaluation] and inventory that is being used to help identify skill gaps and succession planning needs within the agency .

Enclosed is our assessment of HUD 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of hud 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

GAO/OGC-98-29 Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-98-29 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the CCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the ccc 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Because of this classification , NRCS staff , in cooperation with Agriculture 's Office of Risk Assessment and Cost Benefit Analysis , prepared an environmental risk assessment for EQIP .
because of this classification , nrcs staff , in cooperation with agriculture 's office of risk [evaluation] and cost benefit analysis , prepared an environmental risk [evaluation] for eqip .

The major conclusion of this assessment is that agricultural production activities , in the absence of conservation techniques and practices , can have serious environmental impacts .
the major conclusion of this [evaluation] is that agricultural production activities , in the absence of conservation techniques and practices , can have serious environmental impacts .

The assessment concluded that the best solutions to address risks to environmentally stressed resources are conservation measures applied in concerted , concentrated efforts in priority areas , with smaller scale efforts going to sectors outside priority areas .
the [evaluation] concluded that the best solutions to address risks to environmentally stressed resources are conservation measures applied in concerted , concentrated efforts in priority areas , with smaller scale efforts going to sectors outside priority areas .

In compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 , as amended , NRCS staff developed an environmental assessment of this rule to determine if implementation would have a significant impact on the human environment .
in compliance with the national environmental policy act of 1969 , as amended , nrcs staff developed an environmental [evaluation] of this rule to determine if implementation would have a significant impact on the human environment .

NRCS provided us with a complete copy of the Environmental Assessment and the Finding of No Significant Impact .
nrcs provided us with a complete copy of the environmental [evaluation] and the finding of no significant impact .

Performance audits provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of government programs against objective criteria or an assessment of best practices and other information .
performance audits provide an independent [evaluation] of the performance and management of government programs against objective criteria or an [evaluation] of best practices and other information .

This work may also include an assessment of policy alternatives , identification of risks and risk mitigation efforts , and a variety of analytical services to aid government officials in performing their responsibilities and stewardship of government resources .
this work may also include an [evaluation] of policy alternatives , identification of risks and risk mitigation efforts , and a variety of analytical services to aid government officials in performing their responsibilities and stewardship of government resources .

The maintenance of objectivity and independence requires continuing assessment of relationships with the audited entities and public responsibility .
the maintenance of objectivity and independence requires continuing [evaluation] of relationships with the audited entities and public responsibility .

PERFORMANCE AUDITS 2.8 A performance audit is an objective and systematic examination of evidence to provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of a program against objective criteria or an assessment of best practices and other information .
performance audits 2.8 a performance audit is an objective and systematic examination of evidence to provide an independent [evaluation] of the performance and management of a program against objective criteria or an [evaluation] of best practices and other information .

In applying this requirement , the following factors may influence the auditors ' assessment of control risk :
in applying this requirement , the following factors may influence the auditors ' [evaluation] of control risk :

This requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 Based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .
this requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 based on that risk [evaluation] , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .

The auditors ' assessment of risk includes consideration of whether the entity has controls that are effective in preventing or detecting noncompliance .
the auditors ' [evaluation] of risk includes consideration of whether the entity has controls that are effective in preventing or detecting noncompliance .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through GAO/OGC-96-14 ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through gao/ogc-96-14 ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

These organizations establish a central management focal point , promote awareness , link policies to business risks , and develop practical risk assessment procedures that link security to business needs .
these organizations establish a central management focal point , promote awareness , link policies to business risks , and develop practical risk [evaluation] procedures that link security to business needs .

In addition , there are many aspects of information security , such as risk assessment , policy development , and disaster recovery planning , that require coordinated management attention .
in addition , there are many aspects of information security , such as risk [evaluation] , policy development , and disaster recovery planning , that require coordinated management attention .

Practice 2 : Develop Practical Risk Assessment Procedures That Link Security to Business Needs The organizations we studied had tried or were exploring various risk assessment methodologies , ranging from very informal discussions of risk to fairly complex methods involving the use of specialized software tools .
practice 2 : develop practical risk [evaluation] procedures that link security to business needs the organizations we studied had tried or were exploring various risk [evaluation] methodologies , ranging from very informal discussions of risk to fairly complex methods involving the use of specialized software tools .

However , the organizations that were the most satisfied with their risk assessment procedures were those that had defined a relatively simple process that could be adapted to various organizational units and involved a mix of individuals with knowledge of business operations and technical aspects of the organization 's systems and security controls .
however , the organizations that were the most satisfied with their risk [evaluation] procedures were those that had defined a relatively simple process that could be adapted to various organizational units and involved a mix of individuals with knowledge of business operations and technical aspects of the organization 's systems and security controls .

With similar objectives in mind , the utility company had developed a streamlined risk assessment process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls .
with similar objectives in mind , the utility company had developed a streamlined risk [evaluation] process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls .

By increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk assessment results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .
by increasing the understanding of risks , risk assessments ( 1 ) improved business managers ' ability to make decisions on controls needed , in the absence of quantified risk [evaluation] results , and ( 2 ) engendered support for policies and controls adopted , thus helping to ensure that policies and controls would operate as intended .

Case Example : A Practical Method for Involving Business Managers in Risk Assessment A major electric utility company has developed an efficient and disciplined process for ensuring that information security-related risks to business operations are considered and documented .
case example : a practical method for involving business managers in risk [evaluation] a major electric utility company has developed an efficient and disciplined process for ensuring that information security-related risks to business operations are considered and documented .

Initiating discussions on information security risks with business managers and conducting defined risk assessment procedures .
initiating discussions on information security risks with business managers and conducting defined risk [evaluation] procedures .

Further , as discussed previously regarding risk assessment , actual reductions in risk can not be precisely quantified because sufficient data on risk factors are not available .
further , as discussed previously regarding risk [evaluation] , actual reductions in risk can not be precisely quantified because sufficient data on risk factors are not available .

We also discussed assessment techniques with experts at NIST .
we also discussed [evaluation] techniques with experts at nist .

Enclosed is our assessment of the EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the epa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Food Safety and Inspection Service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the food safety and inspection service 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the SEC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the sec 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rules .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FDA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the fda 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Further , it recognized the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's National Infrastructure Protection Center as a national threat assessment , warning , vulnerability , and law enforcement investigation and response center .
further , it recognized the federal bureau of investigation 's national infrastructure protection center as a national threat [evaluation] , warning , vulnerability , and law enforcement investigation and response center .

GAO/OGC-97-11 Enclosed is our assessment of the SEC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-11 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the sec 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Environmental Protection Agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the environmental protection agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

EPA has prepared both a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the benefits and costs of the rule in the Regulatory Impact Analysis .
epa has prepared both a qualitative and quantitative [evaluation] of the benefits and costs of the rule in the regulatory impact analysis .

The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of OMB approved the Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-45 final rule as complying with the requirements of the Order based on the information supplied by EPA , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reason for the rule and an assessment of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .
the office of information and regulatory affairs of omb approved the page 3 gao/ogc-96-45 final rule as complying with the requirements of the order based on the information supplied by epa , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reason for the rule and an [evaluation] of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .

In addition , the agency 's risk assessment process ( as called for in the OMB guidance14 ) should disclose the risks considered that would prevent the system from successfully complying with the criteria selected by the agency .
in addition , the agency 's risk [evaluation] process ( as called for in the omb guidance14 ) should disclose the risks considered that would prevent the system from successfully complying with the criteria selected by the agency .

That site provided a wealth of information about the proposed rule , including the text of the rule , the agency 's regulatory impact assessment , and how to submit comments and search the comments that have already been submitted .
that site provided a wealth of information about the proposed rule , including the text of the rule , the agency 's regulatory impact [evaluation] , and how to submit comments and search the comments that have already been submitted .

The page for just one of these pesticides contained hundreds of pages of information about the rule ( e.g. , health effects assessment , environmental fate and effects assessment , EPA correspondence , and registrant comments ) .
the page for just one of these pesticides contained hundreds of pages of information about the rule ( e.g. , health effects [evaluation] , environmental fate and effects [evaluation] , epa correspondence , and registrant comments ) .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Board of Governors ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the board of governors ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's ( FCC ) compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the federal communications commission 's ( fcc ) compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the VA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the va 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Part of that assessment should focus on options for moving away from a compensation system that contains governmentwide pay increases with locality adjustments , and toward a system that is based to a greater degree on the knowledge , skills , and performance of the individuals involved .
part of that [evaluation] should focus on options for moving away from a compensation system that contains governmentwide pay increases with locality adjustments , and toward a system that is based to a greater degree on the knowledge , skills , and performance of the individuals involved .

Enclosed is our assessment of INS ' and EOIR 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of ins ' and eoir 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Environmental Protection Agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 GAO/OGC-96-42 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the environmental protection agency 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 gao/ogc-96-42 with respect to the rule .

EPA has prepared both a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the benefits and costs of the rule in the Regulatory Impact Analysis .
epa has prepared both a qualitative and quantitative [evaluation] of the benefits and costs of the rule in the regulatory impact analysis .

The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of OMB approved the final rule as complying with the requirements of the Order based on the information supplied by EPA , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reason for the rule and an assessment of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .
the office of information and regulatory affairs of omb approved the final rule as complying with the requirements of the order based on the information supplied by epa , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reason for the rule and an [evaluation] of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Food and Drug Administration 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the food and drug administration 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

OIRA approved the final rule on August 22 , 1996 , as complying with the requirements of the Order based on the information supplied by FDA , including a planned regulatory action document Page 4 GAO/OGC-96-38 describing the reason for the rule and an assessment of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .
oira approved the final rule on august 22 , 1996 , as complying with the requirements of the order based on the information supplied by fda , including a planned regulatory action document page 4 gao/ogc-96-38 describing the reason for the rule and an [evaluation] of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .

Risk Assessment Inspectors General and internal senior management councils can contribute to a good overall control environment .
risk [evaluation] inspectors general and internal senior management councils can contribute to a good overall control environment .

A precondition to risk assessment is the establishment of clear , consistent agency objectives .
a precondition to risk [evaluation] is the establishment of clear , consistent agency objectives .

Risk assessment is the identification and analysis of relevant risks associated with achieving the objectives , such as those defined in strategic and annual performance plans developed under the Government Performance and Results Act , and forming a basis for determining how risks should be managed .
risk [evaluation] is the identification and analysis of relevant risks associated with achieving the objectives , such as those defined in strategic and annual performance plans developed under the government performance and results act , and forming a basis for determining how risks should be managed .

The scope and frequency of separate evaluations should depend primarily on the assessment of risks and the effectiveness of ongoing monitoring procedures .
the scope and frequency of separate evaluations should depend primarily on the [evaluation] of risks and the effectiveness of ongoing monitoring procedures .

Enclosed is our assessment of EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of epa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

GAO/OGC-97-3 Enclosed is our assessment of the Food and Drug Administration 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-3 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the food and drug administration 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

OIRA approved the final rule as complying with the requirements of the Order based on information supplied by the FDA , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reason for the rule and an assessment of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .
oira approved the final rule as complying with the requirements of the order based on information supplied by the fda , including a planned regulatory action document describing the reason for the rule and an [evaluation] of the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the EPA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the epa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Department of Agriculture 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the department of agriculture 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

GAO/OGC-96-36 Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this Final Report and Order .
gao/ogc-96-36 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to this final report and order .

Interface management becomes critical because assessment of accountability for problems incurred during the project 's evolution is difficult due to the variety and separation of individual contracts .
interface management becomes critical because [evaluation] of accountability for problems incurred during the project 's evolution is difficult due to the variety and separation of individual contracts .

Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

It incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .
it incorporates a risk [evaluation] methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .

A risk assessment is the process of identifying potential risks in a system under development and then determining the significance of each risk in terms of its likelihood and impact on the acquisition 's cost , schedule , and ability 1Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) .
a risk [evaluation] is the process of identifying potential risks in a system under development and then determining the significance of each risk in terms of its likelihood and impact on the acquisition 's cost , schedule , and ability 1information technology : a model to help managers decrease acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) .

The chapters are intended to assist in the identification of specific risk areas and to contribute to an overall assessment of how well an agency is meeting its acquisition objectives .
the chapters are intended to assist in the identification of specific risk areas and to contribute to an overall [evaluation] of how well an agency is meeting its acquisition objectives .

Using this guide will help auditors identify critical factors not addressed by management , make a general assessment of any procurement risks , and provide rapid feedback to agency officials so they can take corrective action in a timely and efficient manner .
using this guide will help auditors identify critical factors not addressed by management , make a general [evaluation] of any procurement risks , and provide rapid feedback to agency officials so they can take corrective action in a timely and efficient manner .

Page 8 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks Some areas of assessment will require the expertise of auditors with specific technical skills and experience .
page 8 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks some areas of [evaluation] will require the expertise of auditors with specific technical skills and experience .

The audit approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk assessment of an acquisition project at any point in its development .
the audit approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk [evaluation] of an acquisition project at any point in its development .

Approach Assignment Planning When planning a risk assessment , the auditor should first review the agency 's acquisition policies and directives to identify the organizations and individuals responsible for approving procurements .
approach assignment planning when planning a risk [evaluation] , the auditor should first review the agency 's acquisition policies and directives to identify the organizations and individuals responsible for approving procurements .

Finally , each chapter sets out audit steps to help plan and conduct the assessment of an acquisition .
finally , each chapter sets out audit steps to help plan and conduct the [evaluation] of an acquisition .

One part of this assessment should be the review of the Agency Procurement Request ( APR ) to ascertain whether it is complete and accurately reflects the objectives and scope of the project .
one part of this [evaluation] should be the review of the agency procurement request ( apr ) to ascertain whether it is complete and accurately reflects the objectives and scope of the project .

GAO/OGC-96-21 Enclosed is our assessment of the FCC 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-96-21 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the fcc 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Federal Communications Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through GAO/OGC-96-37 ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the federal communications commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through gao/ogc-96-37 ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

This gives hypothetical data about a real situation in designing a study-selecting instances ( in Page 31 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations this study , sites or locations ) for an assessment of the costs and operations of federal detention facilities managed by private contractors under OMB Circular A-76 .
this gives hypothetical data about a real situation in designing a study-selecting instances ( in page 31 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations this study , sites or locations ) for an [evaluation] of the costs and operations of federal detention facilities managed by private contractors under omb circular a-76 .

When the Department of Health and Human Services was trying out delivery of Head Start services to parents and children in their own homes , called Home Start , the Department supplemented a formal assessment of the development of the children before and after the program with case studies ( High/Scope Educational Research Foundation , 1972 ) .
when the department of health and human services was trying out delivery of head start services to parents and children in their own homes , called home start , the department supplemented a formal [evaluation] of the development of the children before and after the program with case studies ( high/scope educational research foundation , 1972 ) .

An analogy might be drawn also to `` evaluability assessment . ''
an analogy might be drawn also to `` evaluability [evaluation] . ''

Such assessment may provide Page 86 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations information valuable in itself about how completely a program has been implemented .
such [evaluation] may provide page 86 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations information valuable in itself about how completely a program has been implemented .

The elements of analysis are familiar : the identification of regularities , patterns , and relationships and the assessment of their importance of meaning .
the elements of analysis are familiar : the identification of regularities , patterns , and relationships and the [evaluation] of their importance of meaning .

Assessment of the Industry/University Cooperative Research Projects Program , vols .
[evaluation] of the industry/university cooperative research projects program , vols .

Office of Technology Assessment .
office of technology [evaluation] .

Enclosed is our assessment of HHS ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of hhs ' compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

For a recent summary of this empirical debate , see William Gale , `` The Impact of Pensions and 401 ( k ) Plans on Saving : A Critical Assessment of the State of the Literature , '' paper presented at ERISA After 25 Years : A Framework for Evaluating Pension Reform , Washington , D.C. , September 17 , 1999 .
for a recent summary of this empirical debate , see william gale , `` the impact of pensions and 401 ( k ) plans on saving : a critical [evaluation] of the state of the literature , '' paper presented at erisa after 25 years : a framework for evaluating pension reform , washington , d.c. , september 17 , 1999 .

GAO/OGC-97-23 Enclosed is our assessment of the SSA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
gao/ogc-97-23 enclosed is our [evaluation] of the ssa 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

The assessment , which is summarized in the preamble to the rule in the Federal Register , was submitted to our Office in its entirety .
the [evaluation] , which is summarized in the preamble to the rule in the federal register , was submitted to our office in its entirety .

The assessment also discusses the costs involved in two alternatives that were considered but were found not to adequately reflect the intent of the legislation , as reflected by the legislative history of Public Law 104-193 .
the [evaluation] also discusses the costs involved in two alternatives that were considered but were found not to adequately reflect the intent of the legislation , as reflected by the legislative history of public law 104-193 .

Enclosed is our assessment of the Commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule and amendments .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of the commission 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule and amendments .

Enclosed is our assessment of FDA 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of fda 's compliance with the procedural steps required by section 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Executive Order 12612 FDA states that it has analyzed this rule in accordance with the principles set forth in Executive Order 12612 , Federalism , and has determined that the rule does not warrant the preparation of a Federalism Assessment .
executive order 12612 fda states that it has analyzed this rule in accordance with the principles set forth in executive order 12612 , federalism , and has determined that the rule does not warrant the preparation of a federalism [evaluation] .

Appendix III Related GAO Documents Information Security Risk Assessment : Practices of Leading Organizations ( GAO/AIMD-00-33 , November 1 , 1999 ) .
appendix iii related gao documents information security risk [evaluation] : practices of leading organizations ( gao/aimd-00-33 , november 1 , 1999 ) .

Agencies ' Annual Performance Plans Under the Results Act : An Assessment Guide to Facilitate Congressional Decisionmaking ( GAO/GGD/AIMD-10.1.18 , Version 1 , February 1998 ) .
agencies ' annual performance plans under the results act : an [evaluation] guide to facilitate congressional decisionmaking ( gao/ggd/aimd-10.1.18 , version 1 , february 1998 ) .

Business Process Reengineering Assessment Guide ( GAO/AIMD 10.1.15 , Version 3 , May 1997 ) .
business process reengineering [evaluation] guide ( gao/aimd 10.1.15 , version 3 , may 1997 ) .

Implementing Capital Planning and Information Technology Investment Processes : An Assessment , Federal CIO Council , Capital Planning and IT Investment Committee , Best Practices Subcommittee , May 29 , 1998. ƒMajor System Acquisitions , ≈ Circular No .
implementing capital planning and information technology investment processes : an [evaluation] , federal cio council , capital planning and it investment committee , best practices subcommittee , may 29 , 1998. ƒmajor system acquisitions , ≈ circular no .

Enclosed is our assessment of HUD 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .
enclosed is our [evaluation] of hud 's compliance with the procedural steps required by sections 801 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) through ( iv ) of title 5 with respect to the rule .

Resources , protocols and guidelines for conducting meaningful statewide needs assessment ; vii .
resources , protocols and guidelines for conducting meaningful statewide needs [evaluation] ; vii .

The daylong meeting at Harvard looked at case management and quality assessment issues , and concluded with hopes for future partnerships between the Center and LSC .
the daylong meeting at harvard looked at case management and quality [evaluation] issues , and concluded with hopes for future partnerships between the center and lsc .

Initial Findings What LSC found when it began the assessment of the CSR system was a 20-year-old reporting structure , the guidance for which had not been updated since 1993 .
initial findings what lsc found when it began the [evaluation] of the csr system was a 20-year-old reporting structure , the guidance for which had not been updated since 1993 .

Although the Self-Inspection was not constructed , or executed , to yield a statistically valid assessment of the accuracy of the closed cases for 1999 , the Self-Inspection did reveal , LSC believes , significant improvements in data accuracy from previous years .
although the self-inspection was not constructed , or executed , to yield a statistically valid [evaluation] of the accuracy of the closed cases for 1999 , the self-inspection did reveal , lsc believes , significant improvements in data accuracy from previous years .

Again stressing this process did not produce an extensive assessment , LSC management submits that it is sufficient to reasonably estimate the population of reported cases contains an error rate of 11 percent .
again stressing this process did not produce an extensive [evaluation] , lsc management submits that it is sufficient to reasonably estimate the population of reported cases contains an error rate of 11 percent .

Outcome measurement may include an assessment of : ¤ the monetary impact of employment and benefits cases , ¤ the effect on quality of life of health and housing cases , ¤ the impact on minor children of assistance in family cases , and ¤ the financial stability afforded in consumer/finance cases .
outcome measurement may include an [evaluation] of : ¤ the monetary impact of employment and benefits cases , ¤ the effect on quality of life of health and housing cases , ¤ the impact on minor children of assistance in family cases , and ¤ the financial stability afforded in consumer/finance cases .

Developing a plan is only the beginning of an ongoing effort that includes implementation of the plan 's initiatives , continuous outreach to new partners , regular assessment of progress toward goals , and modifications of the plan as circumstances change .
developing a plan is only the beginning of an ongoing effort that includes implementation of the plan 's initiatives , continuous outreach to new partners , regular [evaluation] of progress toward goals , and modifications of the plan as circumstances change .

In 1999 , the State Bar funded a statewide legal needs assessment to inform the ongoing planning effort .
in 1999 , the state bar funded a statewide legal needs [evaluation] to inform the ongoing planning effort .

The programs have cooperated on a statewide training needs assessment , and advise the Oregon State Bar on continuing legal education events for private attorneys to ensure that poverty law issues are included .
the programs have cooperated on a statewide training needs [evaluation] , and advise the oregon state bar on continuing legal education events for private attorneys to ensure that poverty law issues are included .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate efficient , ongoing assessment of demographic trends , changes in laws and public programs affecting low-income persons ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate efficient , ongoing [evaluation] of demographic trends , changes in laws and public programs affecting low-income persons ?

Thus the assessment of a `` safe '' concentration must be made from a biological standpoint rather than with a statistical test .
thus the [evaluation] of a `` safe '' concentration must be made from a biological standpoint rather than with a statistical test .

If the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .
if the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an [evaluation] from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .

Thus the assessment of a `` safe '' concentration must be made from a biological standpoint rather than with a statistical test .
thus the [evaluation] of a `` safe '' concentration must be made from a biological standpoint rather than with a statistical test .

If the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an assessment from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .
if the assumptions are not deemed tenable , then estimates from a statistical analysis can only be used in conjunction with an [evaluation] from a biological standpoint of what magnitude of adverse effect constitutes a `` safe '' concentration .

Results are based on a model called the `` Model of Acidification of Groundwater in Catchments '' ( MAGIC ) used by the National Acid Precipitation Assessment Program ( NAPAP ) to estimate the long-term effects of acidic deposition ( sulfur ) on lakes and streams .
results are based on a model called the `` model of acidification of groundwater in catchments '' ( magic ) used by the national acid precipitation [evaluation] program ( napap ) to estimate the long-term effects of acidic deposition ( sulfur ) on lakes and streams .

In their request , Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked the Environmental Protection Agency to undertake an economic assessment of four technology-based scenarios designed to achieve the following emissions caps in the US electric power sector by the year 2007 :
in their request , senators jeffords and lieberman asked the environmental protection agency to undertake an economic [evaluation] of four technology-based scenarios designed to achieve the following emissions caps in the us electric power sector by the year 2007 :

Under all four of the policy scenarios evaluated in this assessment , gross domestic product ( GDP ) would remain relatively unchanged as sacrificed consumption permits higher investment and government spending to reduce emissions .
under all four of the policy scenarios evaluated in this [evaluation] , gross domestic product ( gdp ) would remain relatively unchanged as sacrificed consumption permits higher investment and government spending to reduce emissions .

The three emissions in the EIA assessment included nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) , sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) , and carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
the three emissions in the eia [evaluation] included nitrogen oxides ( nox ) , sulfur dioxide ( so2 ) , and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) .

Although a coordinated climate and air quality policy appeared to lower costs compared to a series of separate policy initiatives , the EIA assessment indicated significant costs associated with capping emissions .
although a coordinated climate and air quality policy appeared to lower costs compared to a series of separate policy initiatives , the eia [evaluation] indicated significant costs associated with capping emissions .

As projected in the AEO2001 assessment , the nation 's economy is projected to grow at 2.9 % per year in the period 2000 through 2020 .
as projected in the aeo2001 [evaluation] , the nation 's economy is projected to grow at 2.9 % per year in the period 2000 through 2020 .

The selection of policies in the CEF study began with a sector-by-sector assessment of market failures and institutional barriers to the market penetration of clean energy technologies in the US .
the selection of policies in the cef study began with a sector-by-sector [evaluation] of market failures and institutional barriers to the market penetration of clean energy technologies in the us .

They further include increased spending for programs such as DOE 's Industrial Assessment Centers and EPA 's Energy Star programs .
they further include increased spending for programs such as doe 's industrial [evaluation] centers and epa 's energy star programs .

On the other hand , some analysts do not necessarily agree with the assumptions and projected level of impacts in the CEF assessment despite the fact that it was peer-reviewed and its findings published this fall in an academic journal .
on the other hand , some analysts do not necessarily agree with the assumptions and projected level of impacts in the cef [evaluation] despite the fact that it was peer-reviewed and its findings published this fall in an academic journal .

Finally , there are interactions with the tax system when , in response to a rise in the relative cost of purchased goods , people decide to enjoy more A more complete assessment of each policy scenario can be made by reviewing the more detailed data contained in the Appendix .
finally , there are interactions with the tax system when , in response to a rise in the relative cost of purchased goods , people decide to enjoy more a more complete [evaluation] of each policy scenario can be made by reviewing the more detailed data contained in the appendix .

A Framework for Economic Impact Analysis and Industry Growth Assessment : Description of the AMIGA System , Decision and Information Sciences Division , Argonne National Laboratory , Argonne , IL , April , 1999 .
a framework for economic impact analysis and industry growth [evaluation] : description of the amiga system , decision and information sciences division , argonne national laboratory , argonne , il , april , 1999 .

Description of the AMIGA Model The All Modular Industry Growth Assessment ( AMIGA ) model is a general equilibrium modeling system of the U.S. economy that covers the period from 1992 through 2030.6 It integrates features from the following five types of economic models : 1 ) .
description of the amiga model the all modular industry growth [evaluation] ( amiga ) model is a general equilibrium modeling system of the u.s. economy that covers the period from 1992 through 2030.6 it integrates features from the following five types of economic models : 1 ) .

A Framework for Economic Impact Analysis and Industry Growth Assessment : Description of the AMIGA System , Decision and Information Sciences Division , Argonne National Laboratory , Argonne , IL , April , 1999 .
a framework for economic impact analysis and industry growth [evaluation] : description of the amiga system , decision and information sciences division , argonne national laboratory , argonne , il , april , 1999 .

Part E contains performance standards for affected units and provisions for research , environmental monitoring , and assessment .
part e contains performance standards for affected units and provisions for research , environmental monitoring , and [evaluation] .

Research , Environmental Monitoring , and Assessment Section 482 contains provisions for evaluating and reporting the efficacy of the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs and conducting scientific and technical research and development .
research , environmental monitoring , and [evaluation] section 482 contains provisions for evaluating and reporting the efficacy of the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs and conducting scientific and technical research and development .

The test was later modified for use in the assessment of receiving waters and the effects of wastes originating from industrial , municipal , and agricultural point and non-point sources ( USEPA , 1978a ) .
the test was later modified for use in the [evaluation] of receiving waters and the effects of wastes originating from industrial , municipal , and agricultural point and non-point sources ( usepa , 1978a ) .

They will also guide our assessment of other proposals , including S. 556 .
they will also guide our [evaluation] of other proposals , including s. 556 .

Table 4-2 shows AC injection rates estimated from the data provided a comprehensive assessment of ACI under a range of scenarios.34 For example , to achieve 80 percent mercury reduction from a low sulfur bituminous coal using an ACI system with humidification will require a treatment rate of about 8 lb/million acf ( MMacf ) .34 If a pulsejet FF ( PJFF ) is used downstream , the sorbent injection rate can be reduced to about 4.6 lb/MMacf .
table 4-2 shows ac injection rates estimated from the data provided a comprehensive [evaluation] of aci under a range of scenarios.34 for example , to achieve 80 percent mercury reduction from a low sulfur bituminous coal using an aci system with humidification will require a treatment rate of about 8 lb/million acf ( mmacf ) .34 if a pulsejet ff ( pjff ) is used downstream , the sorbent injection rate can be reduced to about 4.6 lb/mmacf .

Section II ( Analytical Approach ) discusses the analytic framework used in conducting this assessment , which includes scenario development , emissions modeling , air quality modeling , human health and visibility effects estimation , economic valuation , and adjustments for income growth and benefits aggregation .
section ii ( analytical approach ) discusses the analytic framework used in conducting this [evaluation] , which includes scenario development , emissions modeling , air quality modeling , human health and visibility effects estimation , economic valuation , and adjustments for income growth and benefits aggregation .

Although recognizing the difficulties , assumptions and inherent uncertainties in the overall enterprise , these analyses are based on peer-reviewed scientific literature and up-to-date assessment tools , and we believe the results are highly useful in assessing this proposal .
although recognizing the difficulties , assumptions and inherent uncertainties in the overall enterprise , these analyses are based on peer-reviewed scientific literature and up-to-date [evaluation] tools , and we believe the results are highly useful in assessing this proposal .

Some of these models have been employed in support of the development of federal clean air programs , national assessment studies , State Implementation Plans ( SIPs ) , and individual air toxic source risk assessments .
some of these models have been employed in support of the development of federal clean air programs , national [evaluation] studies , state implementation plans ( sips ) , and individual air toxic source risk assessments .

Similarly , we used an intermediate resolution grid ( 12 km x 12 km ) to model ozone in `` inner OTAG '' states where population density is high and ozone transport is a major problem.6 This approach makes CAMx well suited to estimate effects based on a range of ozone averaging times , an important capability for benefits assessment applications .
similarly , we used an intermediate resolution grid ( 12 km x 12 km ) to model ozone in `` inner otag '' states where population density is high and ozone transport is a major problem.6 this approach makes camx well suited to estimate effects based on a range of ozone averaging times , an important capability for benefits [evaluation] applications .

These model predictions are used in conjunction with the observed concentrations obtained from the Aerometric 6 The Ozone Transport Assessment Group ( OTAG ) consists of the 37 easternmost states and the District of Columbia .
these model predictions are used in conjunction with the observed concentrations obtained from the aerometric 6 the ozone transport [evaluation] group ( otag ) consists of the 37 easternmost states and the district of columbia .

However , there are still major gaps in the science of mercury fate , transport , and transformation that make such an assessment difficult at time .
however , there are still major gaps in the science of mercury fate , transport , and transformation that make such an [evaluation] difficult at time .

However , if the age distribution of a study population from an `` all population '' study is different from the age distribution in the assessment population , and if pollutant effects vary by age , then bias can be introduced into the benefits analysis .
however , if the age distribution of a study population from an `` all population '' study is different from the age distribution in the [evaluation] population , and if pollutant effects vary by age , then bias can be introduced into the benefits analysis .

The most extensive field experiments , conducted under the National Crop Loss Assessment Network ( NCLAN ) , examined 15 species and numerous cultivars .
the most extensive field experiments , conducted under the national crop loss [evaluation] network ( nclan ) , examined 15 species and numerous cultivars .

Such an assessment also requires an understanding of how alternative valuation approaches reflect that some individuals may be more susceptible to air pollution-induced mortality , or reflect differences in the nature of the risk presented by air pollution relative to the risks studied in the relevant economic literature .
such an [evaluation] also requires an understanding of how alternative valuation approaches reflect that some individuals may be more susceptible to air pollution-induced mortality , or reflect differences in the nature of the risk presented by air pollution relative to the risks studied in the relevant economic literature .

To the extent that the mortality risks addressed in this assessment are associated with longer periods of illness or greater pain and suffering than are the risks addressed in the valuation literature , the WTP measurements employed in the present analysis would reflect a downward bias .
to the extent that the mortality risks addressed in this [evaluation] are associated with longer periods of illness or greater pain and suffering than are the risks addressed in the valuation literature , the wtp measurements employed in the present analysis would reflect a downward bias .

Assessment of deaths attributable to air pollution : should we use risk estimates based on time series or on cohort studies ?
[evaluation] of deaths attributable to air pollution : should we use risk estimates based on time series or on cohort studies ?

The temporal pattern of mortality responses to air pollution : a multicity assessment of mortality displacement .
the temporal pattern of mortality responses to air pollution : a multicity [evaluation] of mortality displacement .

Research , environmental monitoring , and assessment .
research , environmental monitoring , and [evaluation] .

Any fee due and payable under this subsection shall not diminish the liability of the unit 's owner or operator for any fine , penalty , fee or assessment against the unit for the same violation under any other section of this Act .
any fee due and payable under this subsection shall not diminish the liability of the unit 's owner or operator for any fine , penalty , fee or [evaluation] against the unit for the same violation under any other section of this act .

Any penalty due and payable under this section shall not diminish the liability of the unit 's owner or operator for any fine , penalty or assessment against the unit for the same violation under any other section of this Act .
any penalty due and payable under this section shall not diminish the liability of the unit 's owner or operator for any fine , penalty or [evaluation] against the unit for the same violation under any other section of this act .

For any utility unit for which such form was not filed , the baseline shall be the level specified for such unit in the 1985 National Acid Precipitation Assessment Program ( NAPAP ) Emissions Inventory , Version 2 , National Utility Reference File ( NURF ) or in a corrected data base as established by the Administrator pursuant to paragraph ( 3 ) .
for any utility unit for which such form was not filed , the baseline shall be the level specified for such unit in the 1985 national acid precipitation [evaluation] program ( napap ) emissions inventory , version 2 , national utility reference file ( nurf ) or in a corrected data base as established by the administrator pursuant to paragraph ( 3 ) .

Think instead about the discussion -- -the hand wringing -- - that has been taking place since the fall of last year when the General Accounting Office unveiled an assessment prepared for the Postal Service by a Postal Service contractor concerning the extent to which transaction mail -- -First-Class mail -- -is likely to fall prey to electronic bill presentment and payment .
think instead about the discussion -- -the hand wringing -- - that has been taking place since the fall of last year when the general accounting office unveiled an [evaluation] prepared for the postal service by a postal service contractor concerning the extent to which transaction mail -- -first-class mail -- -is likely to fall prey to electronic bill presentment and payment .

Its assessment was as follows : Priority Mail ( Class over 11 ounces ) - high risk of loss of significant volumes , but a low financial impact , if it did occur ; First Class - low risk of loss of significant volumes , but a high financial impact , if it did occur ; Advertising Mail low risk of loss and a medium financial impact , if it did occur .
its [evaluation] was as follows : priority mail ( class over 11 ounces ) - high risk of loss of significant volumes , but a low financial impact , if it did occur ; first class - low risk of loss of significant volumes , but a high financial impact , if it did occur ; advertising mail low risk of loss and a medium financial impact , if it did occur .

At least one firefighter who was in the North Tower has supported that assessment , stating that he was not going to take an evacuation instruction from a cop that morning .
at least one firefighter who was in the north tower has supported that [evaluation] , stating that he was not going to take an evacuation instruction from a cop that morning .

For the 1998-2001 numNOTES TO CHAPTER 3 473 bers , see DOJ Inspector General report , '' Review of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's Counterterrorism Program : Threat Assessment , Strategic Planning , and Resource Management , '' Sept. 2002 , p. 67 .
for the 1998-2001 numnotes to chapter 3 473 bers , see doj inspector general report , '' review of the federal bureau of investigation 's counterterrorism program : threat [evaluation] , strategic planning , and resource management , '' sept. 2002 , p. 67 .

On the lack of an overall assessment , see DOJ Inspector General report , `` Review of the FBI 's Counterterrorism Program , '' Sept. 2002 , pp .
on the lack of an overall [evaluation] , see doj inspector general report , `` review of the fbi 's counterterrorism program , '' sept. 2002 , pp .

A 1994 FAA assessment of the threat to civil aviation in the United States stated that `` system vulnerabilities also exist with respect to hijackings .
a 1994 faa [evaluation] of the threat to civil aviation in the united states stated that `` system vulnerabilities also exist with respect to hijackings .

Indeed , the FBI had never completed an assessment of the overall terrorist threat to the U.S. homeland .
indeed , the fbi had never completed an [evaluation] of the overall terrorist threat to the u.s. homeland .

Tenet 's own assessment , when questioned by the Commission , was that in 2004 , the CIA 's clandestine service was still at least five years away from being fully ready to play its counterterrorism role .
tenet 's own [evaluation] , when questioned by the commission , was that in 2004 , the cia 's clandestine service was still at least five years away from being fully ready to play its counterterrorism role .

No independent evidence has emerged to corroborate the CIA 's assessment .
no independent evidence has emerged to corroborate the cia 's [evaluation] .

This officer believed that Tenet 's assessment was the key to the decision .
this officer believed that tenet 's [evaluation] was the key to the decision .

It did not report the case agent 's personal assessment that Moussaoui planned to hijack an airplane .
it did not report the case agent 's personal [evaluation] that moussaoui planned to hijack an airplane .

As the government 's principal knowledge bank on Islamist terrorism , with the main responsibility for strategic analysis and net assessment , it should absorb a significant portion of the analytical talent now residing in the CIA 's Counterterrorist Center and the DIA 's Joint Intelligence Task Force-Combatting Terrorism ( JITF-CT ) .
as the government 's principal knowledge bank on islamist terrorism , with the main responsibility for strategic analysis and net [evaluation] , it should absorb a significant portion of the analytical talent now residing in the cia 's counterterrorist center and the dia 's joint intelligence task force-combatting terrorism ( jitf-ct ) .

Our recommendation to leave counterterrorism intelligence collection in the United States with the FBI still depends on an assessment that the FBI-if it makes an all-out effort to institutionalize change-can do the job .
our recommendation to leave counterterrorism intelligence collection in the united states with the fbi still depends on an [evaluation] that the fbi-if it makes an all-out effort to institutionalize change-can do the job .

Because the information was secondhand , the U.S. team could not make its own assessment of its reliability .
because the information was secondhand , the u.s. team could not make its own [evaluation] of its reliability .

If a president wanted to rally the American people to a warlike effort , he would need to publicize an assessment of the growing al Qaeda danger .
if a president wanted to rally the american people to a warlike effort , he would need to publicize an [evaluation] of the growing al qaeda danger .

To tackle the problem within the CTC he appointed a senior manager , who briefed him in March 2001 on `` creating a strategic assessment capability . ''
to tackle the problem within the ctc he appointed a senior manager , who briefed him in march 2001 on `` creating a strategic [evaluation] capability . ''

As discussed in chapter 2 , we do not agree with this assessment .
as discussed in chapter 2 , we do not agree with this [evaluation] .

This assessment is based on an extensive review of FBI files and interviews with agents and supervisors at FBI Headquarters and various field offices .
this [evaluation] is based on an extensive review of fbi files and interviews with agents and supervisors at fbi headquarters and various field offices .

CIA briefing materials , `` Intelligence Assessment : The Attack on the USS Cole , '' Dec. 21 , 2000 .
cia briefing materials , `` intelligence [evaluation] : the attack on the uss cole , '' dec. 21 , 2000 .

In an assessment of KSM 's reporting , the CIA concluded that protecting operatives in the United States appeared to be a `` major part '' of KSM 's resistance efforts .
in an [evaluation] of ksm 's reporting , the cia concluded that protecting operatives in the united states appeared to be a `` major part '' of ksm 's resistance efforts .

CIA report , Intelligence Community Terrorist Threat Assessment , '' Khalid Shaykh Muhammed 's Threat Reporting-Precious Truths , Surrounded by a Bodyguard of Lies , '' Apr .
cia report , intelligence community terrorist threat [evaluation] , '' khalid shaykh muhammed 's threat reporting-precious truths , surrounded by a bodyguard of lies , '' apr .

For Czech source reporting and credibility assessment , see CIA briefing ( Jan. 28 , 2004 ) ; Eliska T. interview ( May 20 , 2004 ) .
for czech source reporting and credibility [evaluation] , see cia briefing ( jan. 28 , 2004 ) ; eliska t. interview ( may 20 , 2004 ) .

See FAA briefing materials , `` Assessment and Testing Data for BOS , EWR , and IAD , '' Oct. 24 , 2001 .
see faa briefing materials , `` [evaluation] and testing data for bos , ewr , and iad , '' oct. 24 , 2001 .

See FAA briefing materials , '' Assessment and Testing Data for BOS , EWR , and IAD , '' Oct. 24 , 2001 .
see faa briefing materials , '' [evaluation] and testing data for bos , ewr , and iad , '' oct. 24 , 2001 .

See FAA briefing materials , `` Assessment and Testing Data for BOS , EWR , and IAD , '' Oct. 24 , 2001 .
see faa briefing materials , `` [evaluation] and testing data for bos , ewr , and iad , '' oct. 24 , 2001 .

See FAA briefing materials , `` Assessment and Testing Data for BOS , EWR , and IAD , '' Oct. 24 , 2001 ; see also FAA report , '' United Airlines Flight 93 , September 11 , 2001 , Executive Report , '' Jan. 30 , 2002 .
see faa briefing materials , `` [evaluation] and testing data for bos , ewr , and iad , '' oct. 24 , 2001 ; see also faa report , '' united airlines flight 93 , september 11 , 2001 , executive report , '' jan. 30 , 2002 .

In the public portion of his February 2004 worldwide threat assessment to Congress , DCITenet noted that Bin Ladin considered the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction to be a `` religious obligation . ''
in the public portion of his february 2004 worldwide threat [evaluation] to congress , dcitenet noted that bin ladin considered the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction to be a `` religious obligation . ''

Recommendation : Homeland security assistance should be based strictly on an assessment of risks and vulnerabilities .
recommendation : homeland security assistance should be based strictly on an [evaluation] of risks and vulnerabilities .

The allocation of funds should be based on an assessment of threats and vulnerabilities .
the allocation of funds should be based on an [evaluation] of threats and vulnerabilities .

That assessment should consider such factors as population , population density , vulnerability , and the presence of critical infrastructure within each state .
that [evaluation] should consider such factors as population , population density , vulnerability , and the presence of critical infrastructure within each state .

United States National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) Director Elias Zerhouni echoed the British assessment , asserting that “ the public needs to have access to what they 've paid for , ” in a July 28 meeting of stakeholders in scientific and medical publishing .
united states national institutes of health ( nih ) director elias zerhouni echoed the british [evaluation] , asserting that “ the public needs to have access to what they 've paid for , ” in a july 28 meeting of stakeholders in scientific and medical publishing .

There was no significant correlation between QUICKI ( or the homeostatic model assessment HOMA [ 16 ] ; data not shown ) and sleep duration .
there was no significant correlation between quicki ( or the homeostatic model [evaluation] homa [ 16 ] ; data not shown ) and sleep duration .

By comparing patterns across a wide number of species , such studies can give a better assessment of the potential frequency with which reinforcement occurs—without , however , providing conclusive evidence for reinforcement between specific species pairs .
by comparing patterns across a wide number of species , such studies can give a better [evaluation] of the potential frequency with which reinforcement occurs—without , however , providing conclusive evidence for reinforcement between specific species pairs .

Implications and Extensions of Reinforcement What if , when our assessment of the frequency of reinforcement is improved , it turns out to have been a rare occurrence in the generation of current biological diversity ?
implications and extensions of reinforcement what if , when our [evaluation] of the frequency of reinforcement is improved , it turns out to have been a rare occurrence in the generation of current biological diversity ?

If there is significant variation , assessment of intraspecific diversity can be based on a small sample of individuals only if individuals are sampled across existing population subdivisions for which geography and phenotypic variation are reasonable initial surrogates .
if there is significant variation , [evaluation] of intraspecific diversity can be based on a small sample of individuals only if individuals are sampled across existing population subdivisions for which geography and phenotypic variation are reasonable initial surrogates .

However , in the interests of setting straight the record of our views , as Council members and scientists , on the content of this report and for a proper assessment of the scientific content of the “ Beyond Therapy ” report , we feel it is important to point out aspects of the report for which we had requested revisions and for which those requests were declined .
however , in the interests of setting straight the record of our views , as council members and scientists , on the content of this report and for a proper [evaluation] of the scientific content of the “ beyond therapy ” report , we feel it is important to point out aspects of the report for which we had requested revisions and for which those requests were declined .

As scientists debate the details of global fisheries assessment , they are also including studies of the long-term ecosystem effects and options for recovery efforts .
as scientists debate the details of global fisheries [evaluation] , they are also including studies of the long-term ecosystem effects and options for recovery efforts .

It is not hard to imagine that data quality is the biggest disadvantage to any scientific assessment .
it is not hard to imagine that data quality is the biggest disadvantage to any scientific [evaluation] .

Attempting a comprehensive assessment , their widely cited recent paper ( Myers and Worm 2003 ) indicated that the global ocean has lost more than 90 % of large predatory fishes , such as marlin , sharks , and rays .
attempting a comprehensive [evaluation] , their widely cited recent paper ( myers and worm 2003 ) indicated that the global ocean has lost more than 90 % of large predatory fishes , such as marlin , sharks , and rays .

Fisheries biologists point out that the nuances of management contained in fisheries data—such as altered fisher behavior , the variable “ catchability ” of individual species , and altered gear use—were discounted in the Myers and Worm ( 2003 ) assessment and led to misinterpretations for some species , notably tropical tunas ( Figure 2 ) .
fisheries biologists point out that the nuances of management contained in fisheries data—such as altered fisher behavior , the variable “ catchability ” of individual species , and altered gear use—were discounted in the myers and worm ( 2003 ) [evaluation] and led to misinterpretations for some species , notably tropical tunas ( figure 2 ) .

Indeed , the International Council for the Exploration of the Seas ( Copenhagen , Denmark ) recently recommended a total ban on North Sea and Irish Sea cod stocks , based on single-species assessment .
indeed , the international council for the exploration of the seas ( copenhagen , denmark ) recently recommended a total ban on north sea and irish sea cod stocks , based on single-species [evaluation] .

Thus , this study can not fairly be characterized as an assessment of intentional weight loss and its subsequent effect on mortality .
thus , this study can not fairly be characterized as an [evaluation] of intentional weight loss and its subsequent effect on mortality .

When we are concerned that reviewers ' competing interests may prevent them from giving an unbiased assessment , we find alternative reviewers .
when we are concerned that reviewers ' competing interests may prevent them from giving an unbiased [evaluation] , we find alternative reviewers .

These sets of targets would be combined and arranged into a prioritized list in which each was accompanied by the best assessment of potential function .
these sets of targets would be combined and arranged into a prioritized list in which each was accompanied by the best [evaluation] of potential function .

They received first-trimester nuchal translucency assessment and chorionicity determination , a midtrimester anatomical survey , and fetal echo followed by growth scans , amniotic fluid assessment , and Doppler studies every two weeks .
they received first-trimester nuchal translucency [evaluation] and chorionicity determination , a midtrimester anatomical survey , and fetal echo followed by growth scans , amniotic fluid [evaluation] , and doppler studies every two weeks .

In the present study , we performed a detailed longitudinal assessment of the impact of early treatment followed by STIs in patients treated during acute or early HIV-1 infection .
in the present study , we performed a detailed longitudinal [evaluation] of the impact of early treatment followed by stis in patients treated during acute or early hiv-1 infection .

Results Longitudinal Assessment of Control of Viremia following Treated Acute or Early Infection Fourteen patients identified at the time of acute or early infection ( Table 1 ; Figure 1 ) were entered into this protocol , and they were followed for a median of 5.3 y from the time of infection ( range , 494–2,475 d ) .
results longitudinal [evaluation] of control of viremia following treated acute or early infection fourteen patients identified at the time of acute or early infection ( table 1 ; figure 1 ) were entered into this protocol , and they were followed for a median of 5.3 y from the time of infection ( range , 494–2,475 d ) .

The periods off treatment allowed for assessment of the relationship between exposure to virus and evolution of immune responses .
the periods off treatment allowed for [evaluation] of the relationship between exposure to virus and evolution of immune responses .

Our findings therefore confirm the utility of chemokine receptor expression patterns in the initial assessment of T cell effector phenotype .
our findings therefore confirm the utility of chemokine receptor expression patterns in the initial [evaluation] of t cell effector phenotype .

For a preliminary assessment of assay variability , blood from a single study participant was assayed as described above 20 separate times over the course of a single afternoon by a single operator .
for a preliminary [evaluation] of assay variability , blood from a single study participant was assayed as described above 20 separate times over the course of a single afternoon by a single operator .

Further trials in a larger , more diverse cohort of patients , including adult men and children , will be necessary to confirm the accuracy of the method , including an assessment of assay bias and reproducibility .
further trials in a larger , more diverse cohort of patients , including adult men and children , will be necessary to confirm the accuracy of the method , including an [evaluation] of assay bias and reproducibility .

Diabetes management should involve a multifaceted , goal-directed approach , which includes dietary modifications , diabetes education , assessment of blood sugar readings , and pharmacotherapy .
diabetes management should involve a multifaceted , goal-directed approach , which includes dietary modifications , diabetes education , [evaluation] of blood sugar readings , and pharmacotherapy .

In an elegant experiment , Esch and Burns ( 1995 ) tapped into the bees ' dance language to access their subjective assessment of flight distance .
in an elegant experiment , esch and burns ( 1995 ) tapped into the bees ' dance language to access their subjective [evaluation] of flight distance .

Spying on honeybee dances can not only tell us about the cues they use for navigation , but also allows insights into the cognitive architecture that governs other aspects of bee behaviour , such as the assessment of flower quality .
spying on honeybee dances can not only tell us about the cues they use for navigation , but also allows insights into the cognitive architecture that governs other aspects of bee behaviour , such as the [evaluation] of flower quality .

This assessment will include not only the ethical conduct of the study and approval by the respective regulatory authority , but also the rigor of the methodology .
this [evaluation] will include not only the ethical conduct of the study and approval by the respective regulatory authority , but also the rigor of the methodology .

Although the time might have gone when the two-dimensional journal article could suffice for complex papers , clinicians should nonetheless apply the same critical assessment that they would for any other clinical tool .
although the time might have gone when the two-dimensional journal article could suffice for complex papers , clinicians should nonetheless apply the same critical [evaluation] that they would for any other clinical tool .

Dr. Miller acknowledges that placebo would have provided a better assessment of the safety signal in the VIGOR study .
dr. miller acknowledges that placebo would have provided a better [evaluation] of the safety signal in the vigor study .

Routine clinical assessment of technologies by financially interested institutions fosters public cynicism and distrust of the motives of academic biomedical researchers .
routine clinical [evaluation] of technologies by financially interested institutions fosters public cynicism and distrust of the motives of academic biomedical researchers .

Using a new MRI technique , diffusion tensor imaging ( DTI ) , that allows the assessment of white matter ultrastructure , investigators saw an area of decreased white matter tract coherence in the Rolandic operculum ( Sommer et al .
using a new mri technique , diffusion tensor imaging ( dti ) , that allows the [evaluation] of white matter ultrastructure , investigators saw an area of decreased white matter tract coherence in the rolandic operculum ( sommer et al .

Through this series of papers , students learn to trust their own assessment of the data rather than the authors ' : this is a very substantial improvement in student thinking and in their attitude towards the literature .
through this series of papers , students learn to trust their own [evaluation] of the data rather than the authors ' : this is a very substantial improvement in student thinking and in their attitude towards the literature .

For small companies like his , Ratcliff says , “ PSM graduates have an appropriate combination of project management expertise , an understanding of business environments and priorities , and advanced knowledge in the physical and life sciences. ” Although it is too early for comprehensive assessment , employment outcomes for PSM graduates have been examined , and this result is clear : they are getting industry jobs .
for small companies like his , ratcliff says , “ psm graduates have an appropriate combination of project management expertise , an understanding of business environments and priorities , and advanced knowledge in the physical and life sciences. ” although it is too early for comprehensive [evaluation] , employment outcomes for psm graduates have been examined , and this result is clear : they are getting industry jobs .

In addition , it is possible that etiological heterogeneity ( different combinations of genetic and environmental causes between samples ) and technical differences ( different ascertainment , assessment , genotyping , and statistical analysis between samples ) contributed ; however , their impact is uncertain , whereas insufficient power is clear .
in addition , it is possible that etiological heterogeneity ( different combinations of genetic and environmental causes between samples ) and technical differences ( different ascertainment , [evaluation] , genotyping , and statistical analysis between samples ) contributed ; however , their impact is uncertain , whereas insufficient power is clear .

Assessment of each trial 's validity is critical , but should not stop crucial information about all trials being placed in the public domain .
[evaluation] of each trial 's validity is critical , but should not stop crucial information about all trials being placed in the public domain .

We have been the first to provide a quantitative assessment of the necessary size of the catchment area , and our results have identified that there is an urgent need to collect these critical data for quantifying the size of the catchment areas around HCFs .
we have been the first to provide a quantitative [evaluation] of the necessary size of the catchment area , and our results have identified that there is an urgent need to collect these critical data for quantifying the size of the catchment areas around hcfs .

Lack of detailed clinical data prohibits accurate risk assessment based on Framingham risk scoring .
lack of detailed clinical data prohibits accurate risk [evaluation] based on framingham risk scoring .

While the risk factor counting algorithm that we used may simulate practical risk estimation by many physicians , it precludes the assessment of appropriateness of statin use in relation to the latest lipid-lowering guidelines .
while the risk factor counting algorithm that we used may simulate practical risk estimation by many physicians , it precludes the [evaluation] of appropriateness of statin use in relation to the latest lipid-lowering guidelines .

Despite the acknowledged limitations , NAMCS and NHAMCS cover a longer consecutive time span and provide more complete information about disease-specific physician activities than many other national data bases , e.g. , the Medical Expenditures Panel Survey , the National Health Assessment Nutrition Examination Survey , and the National Health Interview Survey .
despite the acknowledged limitations , namcs and nhamcs cover a longer consecutive time span and provide more complete information about disease-specific physician activities than many other national data bases , e.g. , the medical expenditures panel survey , the national health [evaluation] nutrition examination survey , and the national health interview survey .

This example suggests that there is a need for experimental designs that allow the assessment of the protection against infection with lower , and thus more realistic , challenge doses .
this example suggests that there is a need for experimental designs that allow the [evaluation] of the protection against infection with lower , and thus more realistic , challenge doses .

These more realistic choices of the route of infection and coreceptor usage will permit the assessment of the efficacy of the preventive intervention in a setting that more accurately reflects HIV exposures of humans , and will enable us to carefully investigate the processes that give rise to infection .
these more realistic choices of the route of infection and coreceptor usage will permit the [evaluation] of the efficacy of the preventive intervention in a setting that more accurately reflects hiv exposures of humans , and will enable us to carefully investigate the processes that give rise to infection .

Nevertheless , they are right to suggest that it would have been desirable to have included a placebo control in the VIGOR study to provide a more rigorous assessment of safety .
nevertheless , they are right to suggest that it would have been desirable to have included a placebo control in the vigor study to provide a more rigorous [evaluation] of safety .

This assessment will lead to new approaches in training youth workers so that they can build stronger programs which make all young participants feel welcome and accepted .
this [evaluation] will lead to new approaches in training youth workers so that they can build stronger programs which make all young participants feel welcome and accepted .

The New York Times leads with an assessment of the World Trade Organization talks in Seattle that ended on Friday ; the Los Angeles Times and Washington Post front similar analyses .
the new york times leads with an [evaluation] of the world trade organization talks in seattle that ended on friday ; the los angeles times and washington post front similar analyses .

The story quotes Bill Gates ' recent assessment of the government 's case : `` I 'm not worried about it at all . ''
the story quotes bill gates ' recent [evaluation] of the government 's case : `` i 'm not worried about it at all . ''

In these papers , Cohen redirects any suggestion of personal brilliance back to a cool , professional assessment of market conditions .
in these papers , cohen redirects any suggestion of personal brilliance back to a cool , professional [evaluation] of market conditions .

The piece also includes this ringing assessment from another expert : `` The only military skill [ the Iraqi Kurds ] have ever demonstrated is the ability to fight each other over smuggling rights . ''
the piece also includes this ringing [evaluation] from another expert : `` the only military skill [ the iraqi kurds ] have ever demonstrated is the ability to fight each other over smuggling rights . ''

The papers all quote the president of Honduras ' on-scene assessment : `` There are corpses everywhere . ''
the papers all quote the president of honduras ' on-scene [evaluation] : `` there are corpses everywhere . ''

The Nation 's Newspaper also carries this assessment by Betty Friedan of who 's behind the push to impeachment : `` A bunch of dirty old white men . ''
the nation 's newspaper also carries this [evaluation] by betty friedan of who 's behind the push to impeachment : `` a bunch of dirty old white men . ''

Then for good measure , he quotes conservative muckety-muck Bill Kristol 's assessment of Gingrich 's analysis : `` mind-boggling . ''
then for good measure , he quotes conservative muckety-muck bill kristol 's [evaluation] of gingrich 's analysis : `` mind-boggling . ''

The Times piece also includes the sounds-pretty-right assessment of that astute political commentator , Hulk Hogan : `` Jesse 's victory proves that people want a real man in power to lead , not a play plastic puppet like other politicians . ''
the times piece also includes the sounds-pretty-right [evaluation] of that astute political commentator , hulk hogan : `` jesse 's victory proves that people want a real man in power to lead , not a play plastic puppet like other politicians . ''

The story quotes one civilian defense expert 's assessment : there 's plenty of money , it 's just being spent on the wrong things -- glamour weapons instead of parts and manpower .
the story quotes one civilian defense expert 's [evaluation] : there 's plenty of money , it 's just being spent on the wrong things -- glamour weapons instead of parts and manpower .

DeParle 's one stab at a general assessment of the social health of Milwaukee 's ghetto is rhetorically brilliant but ultimately unconvincing .
deparle 's one stab at a general [evaluation] of the social health of milwaukee 's ghetto is rhetorically brilliant but ultimately unconvincing .

He tracks down William Love , a bus driver who in 1998 , along with two other drivers , gave the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel an upbeat assessment of the impact of reform on his clientele .
he tracks down william love , a bus driver who in 1998 , along with two other drivers , gave the milwaukee journal sentinel an upbeat [evaluation] of the impact of reform on his clientele .

Slate ( click here to read her assessment of Viktor Chernomyrdin and here for one of her `` Dispatches from Hell '' -- Russia 's extreme north ) .
slate ( click here to read her [evaluation] of viktor chernomyrdin and here for one of her `` dispatches from hell '' -- russia 's extreme north ) .

She ruffled feathers most recently with her unflattering assessment of Tina Brown 's Talk , charging the magazine with selling out to promote Miramax films .
she ruffled feathers most recently with her unflattering [evaluation] of tina brown 's talk , charging the magazine with selling out to promote miramax films .

All the papers check in with their assessment of yesterday 's David Shaw assessment in the LAT of the LAT 's Staple Center mess .
all the papers check in with their [evaluation] of yesterday 's david shaw [evaluation] in the lat of the lat 's staple center mess .

His stated intent : to balance a candid assessment of Koestler 's unsavory personal life with a respectful consideration of the man 's achievements as a writer and political thinker .
his stated intent : to balance a candid [evaluation] of koestler 's unsavory personal life with a respectful consideration of the man 's achievements as a writer and political thinker .

The WP reports on the Center for Responsive Politics ' assessment of the year in lobbying .
the wp reports on the center for responsive politics ' [evaluation] of the year in lobbying .

Contrary to David Plotz 's `` Assessment , '' Winnie-the-Pooh is neither American nor British .
contrary to david plotz 's `` [evaluation] , '' winnie-the-pooh is neither american nor british .

I very much miss the quirkiness you speak of regarding The New Yorker ( `` Assessment '' ) .
i very much miss the quirkiness you speak of regarding the new yorker ( `` [evaluation] '' ) .

In his `` Assessment , '' David Plotz characterizes Charlton Heston 's life , both on-screen and off , as unremarkable .
in his `` [evaluation] , '' david plotz characterizes charlton heston 's life , both on-screen and off , as unremarkable .

In your July 18 `` Assessment '' of the Weinstein brothers , you state that Miramax was `` the driving force '' between various independent movies , among them Clerks , Trainspotting , and Il Postino .
in your july 18 `` [evaluation] '' of the weinstein brothers , you state that miramax was `` the driving force '' between various independent movies , among them clerks , trainspotting , and il postino .

Andrew Sullivan 's assessment of Tina Brown 's New Yorker editorship in `` Book Club '' was brilliantly on the money .
andrew sullivan 's [evaluation] of tina brown 's new yorker editorship in `` book club '' was brilliantly on the money .

David Plotz writes in his June 6 `` Assessment '' of Tina Brown , `` In 1997 , [ The New Yorker 's ] six double issues and three other special issues accounted for 35 percent of the magazine 's advertising pages . ''
david plotz writes in his june 6 `` [evaluation] '' of tina brown , `` in 1997 , [ the new yorker 's ] six double issues and three other special issues accounted for 35 percent of the magazine 's advertising pages . ''

David Plotz claims ( `` Assessment '' ) Tina Brown `` supplemented the already prodigiously talented staff with her own snazzy hires . ''
david plotz claims ( `` [evaluation] '' ) tina brown `` supplemented the already prodigiously talented staff with her own snazzy hires . ''

Thanks for your article on Henry Louis Gates Jr. ( `` Assessment , '' by Franklin Foer ) .
thanks for your article on henry louis gates jr. ( `` [evaluation] , '' by franklin foer ) .

In David Plotz 's `` Assessment '' of Hunter S. Thompson , he superciliously states : `` There 's something unbearably sad about a 60-year-old man who still takes drugs . ''
in david plotz 's `` [evaluation] '' of hunter s. thompson , he superciliously states : `` there 's something unbearably sad about a 60-year-old man who still takes drugs . ''

David Plotz does a lovely , lovely job on the absolutely deserving Joe Eszterhas ( `` Assessment '' ) .
david plotz does a lovely , lovely job on the absolutely deserving joe eszterhas ( `` [evaluation] '' ) .

One part of me says the allusion is nonreligious , having to do with an assessment of evil ... fair game for anyone .
one part of me says the allusion is nonreligious , having to do with an [evaluation] of evil ... fair game for anyone .

Prudie , however , feels comfortable with the assessment of the younger priest , and you should , too .
prudie , however , feels comfortable with the [evaluation] of the younger priest , and you should , too .

The heart of Edelstein 's negative assessment ( and `` rank '' seems to be a negative word indeed to summarize a movie that draws a great deal of praise in the course of the review ) seems to be his assertion that `` American Beauty '' is :
the heart of edelstein 's negative [evaluation] ( and `` rank '' seems to be a negative word indeed to summarize a movie that draws a great deal of praise in the course of the review ) seems to be his assertion that `` american beauty '' is :

Most reviewers agree with this assessment , saying the Saturday Night Live sketch featuring Molly Shannon as nerdy , horny , tortured Catholic schoolgirl Mary Katherine Gallagher -- with a signature pratfall that exposes her large white underpants -- does not translate well to the big screen .
most reviewers agree with this [evaluation] , saying the saturday night live sketch featuring molly shannon as nerdy , horny , tortured catholic schoolgirl mary katherine gallagher -- with a signature pratfall that exposes her large white underpants -- does not translate well to the big screen .

Far be it from Keeping Tabs -- who 's no stranger to Coke-bottle lenses -- to appear unsympathetic to the visually impaired , but we raised our eyebrows just a tad at the Star 's assessment that this `` miracle eye surgery saved [ Cox 's ] vision '' when the story explains that it was simple vanity about wearing thick glasses that put Cox under the knife .
far be it from keeping tabs -- who 's no stranger to coke-bottle lenses -- to appear unsympathetic to the visually impaired , but we raised our eyebrows just a tad at the star 's [evaluation] that this `` miracle eye surgery saved [ cox 's ] vision '' when the story explains that it was simple vanity about wearing thick glasses that put cox under the knife .

Slate `` Assessment '' of the pope . )
slate `` [evaluation] '' of the pope . )

A ) Red light ; offenses include `` strong focus on nuclear warfare and the nihilistic desperation of it ... dangerous example of risky medical assessment ... suggestive eye movement ... display of the yin yang . ''
a ) red light ; offenses include `` strong focus on nuclear warfare and the nihilistic desperation of it ... dangerous example of risky medical [evaluation] ... suggestive eye movement ... display of the yin yang . ''

Other publications , too timid to endorse even this superficial assessment , reported that `` analysts '' and `` top Republicans '' were questioning Bush 's `` erratic handling of the drug question '' and warning that his `` candidacy had been bruised by his handling of the issue . ''
other publications , too timid to endorse even this superficial [evaluation] , reported that `` analysts '' and `` top republicans '' were questioning bush 's `` erratic handling of the drug question '' and warning that his `` candidacy had been bruised by his handling of the issue . ''

The LAT fronts and the other majors put inside the latest assessment of the writing skills of American students .
the lat fronts and the other majors put inside the latest [evaluation] of the writing skills of american students .

The federal government `` asks '' ( in other words , tells ) states to participate in the annual National Assessment of Education Progress ( NAEP ) .
the federal government `` asks '' ( in other words , tells ) states to participate in the annual national [evaluation] of education progress ( naep ) .

After being informed of the intelligence agency 's assessment , Majority Leader Trent Lott decided to rush the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty to a ratification vote , in the hope of sinking it by arguing that CIA uncertainty makes the test ban unenforceable .
after being informed of the intelligence agency 's [evaluation] , majority leader trent lott decided to rush the nuclear test ban treaty to a ratification vote , in the hope of sinking it by arguing that cia uncertainty makes the test ban unenforceable .

Education Week reports today that the NAEP , the National Assessment of Educational Progress , is planning to test American schoolchildren on their knowledge of Spanish .
education week reports today that the naep , the national [evaluation] of educational progress , is planning to test american schoolchildren on their knowledge of spanish .

I completely agree with your assessment of the Ironman Nutrition Bar in Cookies ' N Crème .
i completely agree with your [evaluation] of the ironman nutrition bar in cookies ' n crème .

In May , Radiation Research magazine published a scientific assessment of the research to date into the cell phone-cancer connection . )
in may , radiation research magazine published a scientific [evaluation] of the research to date into the cell phone-cancer connection . )

David Plotz 's assessment of Ralph Reed , `` Ralph Reed 's Creed , '' only got it half right .
david plotz 's [evaluation] of ralph reed , `` ralph reed 's creed , '' only got it half right .

Thanks to David Plotz for giving me the link to the Dalai Lama 's Web site in his `` Assessment , '' `` The Ambassador From Shangri-La . ''
thanks to david plotz for giving me the link to the dalai lama 's web site in his `` [evaluation] , '' `` the ambassador from shangri-la . ''

Thanks to David Plotz for his humorous , balanced , and concise `` Assessment '' of Marilyn Manson and the forces working against him .
thanks to david plotz for his humorous , balanced , and concise `` [evaluation] '' of marilyn manson and the forces working against him .

Martin Puryear has been covered all over the place and so the question of whether his copy is `` hot '' is one that depends entirely on an assessment of where the art world is , exactly , and who 's copy is cold .
martin puryear has been covered all over the place and so the question of whether his copy is `` hot '' is one that depends entirely on an [evaluation] of where the art world is , exactly , and who 's copy is cold .

Hooray for David Plotz 's `` Domestic Goddess Dethroned , '' an assessment of Roseanne 's self-made downfall .
hooray for david plotz 's `` domestic goddess dethroned , '' an [evaluation] of roseanne 's self-made downfall .

David Plotz had it close , but not quite right , in his `` Assessment '' of Barry Scheck .
david plotz had it close , but not quite right , in his `` [evaluation] '' of barry scheck .

Ironically , those who rely on either Volokh 's constitutional `` spillover '' analysis or his assessment of software filters may feel compelled to craft laws that ensure we never escape from the `` spillover '' problem : laws that needlessly pit adults ' Amendment rights against the state 's interest in protecting children .
ironically , those who rely on either volokh 's constitutional `` spillover '' analysis or his [evaluation] of software filters may feel compelled to craft laws that ensure we never escape from the `` spillover '' problem : laws that needlessly pit adults ' amendment rights against the state 's interest in protecting children .

Second , I personally disagree with the given assessment of the 1966 concert ; I love the whole thing and , having heard many a live Dylan tape , consider it one of the better live concerts out there , and certainly one of the best-sounding recordings from the '60s .
second , i personally disagree with the given [evaluation] of the 1966 concert ; i love the whole thing and , having heard many a live dylan tape , consider it one of the better live concerts out there , and certainly one of the best-sounding recordings from the '60s .

Still , it 's these older songs that seem the correct assessment : Smoking is a consolation for the vicissitudes of life , a prop for losers .
still , it 's these older songs that seem the correct [evaluation] : smoking is a consolation for the vicissitudes of life , a prop for losers .

That assessment was borne out when , the Globe reveals , it turns out that Davis ' personal assistant , Tiffany Bowne , returned to her family in Arizona not for some R & R but to have Harlin 's child .
that [evaluation] was borne out when , the globe reveals , it turns out that davis ' personal assistant , tiffany bowne , returned to her family in arizona not for some r & r but to have harlin 's child .

In an interview , the publication did an organ-by-organ assessment of the dying star .
in an interview , the publication did an organ-by-organ [evaluation] of the dying star .

Slate 's assessment ) , arguing that his legacy of reforming the Teamsters transcends his personal lapse .
slate 's [evaluation] ) , arguing that his legacy of reforming the teamsters transcends his personal lapse .

House Speaker Newt Gingrich announced that he will pay his $ 300,000 ethics `` assessment '' ( i.e. , fine ) out of his own money .
house speaker newt gingrich announced that he will pay his $ 300,000 ethics `` [evaluation] '' ( i.e. , fine ) out of his own money .

Why Fannie May Fear the Post : Thursday 's fair and balanced assessment of Fannie Mae 's James Johnson mentioned that the Fannie Mae Foundation and the Washington Post cosponsor a series of free concerts at the Kennedy Center ( which Johnson also heads ) .
why fannie may fear the post : thursday 's fair and balanced [evaluation] of fannie mae 's james johnson mentioned that the fannie mae foundation and the washington post cosponsor a series of free concerts at the kennedy center ( which johnson also heads ) .

While I agree with LP 's assessment ( I visited yesterday , by subway , without incident ) , the haughty tone is a bit troubling .
while i agree with lp 's [evaluation] ( i visited yesterday , by subway , without incident ) , the haughty tone is a bit troubling .

The item quotes an expert 's assessment : `` To succeed , G & L Bank will have to be competitive on products and rates and offer more than lip service . ''
the item quotes an expert 's [evaluation] : `` to succeed , g & l bank will have to be competitive on products and rates and offer more than lip service . ''

On politics , I disagree with your assessment of my view .
on politics , i disagree with your [evaluation] of my view .

Slate 's take , see David Plotz 's `` Assessment '' of Willes . )
slate 's take , see david plotz 's `` [evaluation] '' of willes . )

A Cambridge don 's assessment of recent indictments of psychoanalysis -- including its alleged sexism , pseudoscience , and ineffectiveness -- is deemed `` dispassionate '' ( Sarah Boxer , the New York Times Book Review ) by some , wishy-washy by others .
a cambridge don 's [evaluation] of recent indictments of psychoanalysis -- including its alleged sexism , pseudoscience , and ineffectiveness -- is deemed `` dispassionate '' ( sarah boxer , the new york times book review ) by some , wishy-washy by others .

Most reviewers concur with Cliff 's assessment , but Richard Bernstein writes in the New York Times Book Review that the book is `` so focused on darkness and degradation as to be demagogic in its effect '' and calls Wideman 's version of history `` distorted '' and `` troubling . ''
most reviewers concur with cliff 's [evaluation] , but richard bernstein writes in the new york times book review that the book is `` so focused on darkness and degradation as to be demagogic in its effect '' and calls wideman 's version of history `` distorted '' and `` troubling . ''

Interestingly , my wife and I listed different combinations of aromas for each of the five white wines under assessment .
interestingly , my wife and i listed different combinations of aromas for each of the five white wines under [evaluation] .

We have long harbored the suspicion that Bill Weld , jolly and appealing character that he is , might be a bit , um , self-styled -- an impression discussed in this week 's `` Assessment . ''
we have long harbored the suspicion that bill weld , jolly and appealing character that he is , might be a bit , um , self-styled -- an impression discussed in this week 's `` [evaluation] . ''

He wrote that Bush is lucky to have Forbes as his chief opponent , because the publishing scion is too dorky to win , an assessment I agree with , although I 'm a fan of his economic platform ( although his pandering to Christians is just shameless ) .
he wrote that bush is lucky to have forbes as his chief opponent , because the publishing scion is too dorky to win , an [evaluation] i agree with , although i 'm a fan of his economic platform ( although his pandering to christians is just shameless ) .

Other victims of the newspaper include Earl Spencer ( Princess Diana 's brother , `` what a bounder and a cad '' ; click here for Slate 's `` Assessment '' ) , Boris Yeltsin , and Mike Tyson .
other victims of the newspaper include earl spencer ( princess diana 's brother , `` what a bounder and a cad '' ; click here for slate 's `` [evaluation] '' ) , boris yeltsin , and mike tyson .

The LAT splits the difference with two side-by-side , front-page stories : One covers the Yamaichi gloom , the other centers on Clinton 's `` upbeat '' assessment of Asian finance .
the lat splits the difference with two side-by-side , front-page stories : one covers the yamaichi gloom , the other centers on clinton 's `` upbeat '' [evaluation] of asian finance .

An intelligently-written assessment of 60 Minutes correspondent Mike Wallace still manages only to reproduce general criticisms leveled at him with more specificity in Michael Mann 's new movie .
an intelligently-written [evaluation] of 60 minutes correspondent mike wallace still manages only to reproduce general criticisms leveled at him with more specificity in michael mann 's new movie .

Students have to take the Texas Assessment of Academic Skills ( TAAS ) .
students have to take the texas [evaluation] of academic skills ( taas ) .

Hers is not the book to read for a serious assessment of the ideas in the many articles she makes sure to mention by author .
hers is not the book to read for a serious [evaluation] of the ideas in the many articles she makes sure to mention by author .

It is striking , and troubling , how reluctant the Thernstroms are to condemn white bigotry , especially in light of their clear , consistent , and negative assessment of black bigotry .
it is striking , and troubling , how reluctant the thernstroms are to condemn white bigotry , especially in light of their clear , consistent , and negative [evaluation] of black bigotry .

The paper quotes Gingrich 's assessment of the Clinton administration as engaged in `` the most systematic , deliberate obstruction of justice cover-up and effort to avoid the truth we have ever seen in American history , and the time has come to say to the president , 'Quit undermining the law in the United States .
the paper quotes gingrich 's [evaluation] of the clinton administration as engaged in `` the most systematic , deliberate obstruction of justice cover-up and effort to avoid the truth we have ever seen in american history , and the time has come to say to the president , 'quit undermining the law in the united states .

The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that the Army general who heads up the 1st Cavalry Division had this assessment for acquisition officers of the high-tech gear they 're providing him : `` You are fielding pieces of crap . ''
the wsj `` washington wire '' reports that the army general who heads up the 1st cavalry division had this [evaluation] for acquisition officers of the high-tech gear they 're providing him : `` you are fielding pieces of crap . ''

The ongoing U.S. assessment of the U.N.-brokered Iraq deal leads at USAT and the WP .
the ongoing u.s. [evaluation] of the u.n.-brokered iraq deal leads at usat and the wp .

The Dalai Lama 's life as exiled leader is beyond the movie 's time frame ( for more on this , see Slate 's `` Assessment '' of the `` Ambassador from Shangri-La '' ) .
the dalai lama 's life as exiled leader is beyond the movie 's time frame ( for more on this , see slate 's `` [evaluation] '' of the `` ambassador from shangri-la '' ) .

A realistic assessment of risk should take into account the possibility of these large , low-probability events -- in effect , should allow for the reality that now and then **** does indeed happen .
a realistic [evaluation] of risk should take into account the possibility of these large , low-probability events -- in effect , should allow for the reality that now and then **** does indeed happen .

Not being an actual mobster ( to my everlasting regret ) , my assessment might be worth bupkus ( as the hysterical Silvio Dante would say ) , but The Sopranos accurately captures the desperation of today 's mobsters .
not being an actual mobster ( to my everlasting regret ) , my [evaluation] might be worth bupkus ( as the hysterical silvio dante would say ) , but the sopranos accurately captures the desperation of today 's mobsters .

Time Warner CEO Gerald Levin would n't make the deal unless AOL granted TW shareholders 45 percent of the new company ( For a profile of Levin as CEO , see Slate 's Assessment . )
time warner ceo gerald levin would n't make the deal unless aol granted tw shareholders 45 percent of the new company ( for a profile of levin as ceo , see slate 's [evaluation] . )

The paper says Ballmer might `` put a kinder , gentler face on the company '' during its antitrust settlement talks with the government , but then quotes his assessment of any government breakup of the company : `` absolutely reckless and irresponsible . ''
the paper says ballmer might `` put a kinder , gentler face on the company '' during its antitrust settlement talks with the government , but then quotes his [evaluation] of any government breakup of the company : `` absolutely reckless and irresponsible . ''

Slate has been one -- click here for David Plotz 's assessment of Chainsaw Al ) that he could build for the future as well as salvage companies from the past .
slate has been one -- click here for david plotz 's [evaluation] of chainsaw al ) that he could build for the future as well as salvage companies from the past .

The recently declassified CIA assessment assumes that the `` rogue states '' are likely to view their few ICBMs more as weapons of deterrence and coercive diplomacy than as weapons of war .
the recently declassified cia [evaluation] assumes that the `` rogue states '' are likely to view their few icbms more as weapons of deterrence and coercive diplomacy than as weapons of war .

A 1995 assessment by the U.S. Navy supports the continued exclusion of women from serving on submarines .
a 1995 [evaluation] by the u.s. navy supports the continued exclusion of women from serving on submarines .

The Times said that , according to one new security assessment , the IRA possesses at least 1,000 rifles , 500 handguns , 50 heavy machine guns , and 2,600 kilograms of Semtex high explosive .
the times said that , according to one new security [evaluation] , the ira possesses at least 1,000 rifles , 500 handguns , 50 heavy machine guns , and 2,600 kilograms of semtex high explosive .

This anxiety colors these critics ' assessment of Broadway 's prospects .
this anxiety colors these critics ' [evaluation] of broadway 's prospects .

After all , the '60s was the decade standing between the last hurrah of an industrial age ( the '50s ) , and the ascendance of a service-centered economy in the '70s ( with all the doubts that came along with it -- like Japanese manufacturing eroding the foundation of the American economy ; an assessment that reflected suspicion of an economy 's ability to thrive on building services rather than things ) .
after all , the '60s was the decade standing between the last hurrah of an industrial age ( the '50s ) , and the ascendance of a service-centered economy in the '70s ( with all the doubts that came along with it -- like japanese manufacturing eroding the foundation of the american economy ; an [evaluation] that reflected suspicion of an economy 's ability to thrive on building services rather than things ) .

According to Stanley Allen Renshon ( author of the invaluable book The Psychological Assessment of Presidential Candidates ) , the first such effort appeared in a 1912 New York Times Magazine article titled `` Roosevelt as Analyzed by the New Psychology . ''
according to stanley allen renshon ( author of the invaluable book the psychological [evaluation] of presidential candidates ) , the first such effort appeared in a 1912 new york times magazine article titled `` roosevelt as analyzed by the new psychology . ''

As Israel prepares for peace talks with Syria in Washington this week , the Jerusalem Post gave an upbeat assessment of the prospects , leading its front page with a forecast by Syrian Foreign Minister Farouk Shara that a peace deal could be reached within `` a few months . ''
as israel prepares for peace talks with syria in washington this week , the jerusalem post gave an upbeat [evaluation] of the prospects , leading its front page with a forecast by syrian foreign minister farouk shara that a peace deal could be reached within `` a few months . ''

Why is Robert Novak 's indisputably accurate assessment on the effects of centralized government in the 20 th century labeled `` self-parody '' ?
why is robert novak 's indisputably accurate [evaluation] on the effects of centralized government in the 20 th century labeled `` self-parody '' ?

This was the conclusion of an Israeli intelligence assessment delivered Tuesday to the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee , it said .
this was the conclusion of an israeli intelligence [evaluation] delivered tuesday to the knesset foreign affairs and defense committee , it said .

This is my prediction based on my assessment of Rep. Watts ' record thus far and my opinion of his abilities .
this is my prediction based on my [evaluation] of rep. watts ' record thus far and my opinion of his abilities .

Nevertheless , the Indian papers differed in their assessment of the summit 's outcome .
nevertheless , the indian papers differed in their [evaluation] of the summit 's outcome .

For 14 years , the intelligence community has refused to release this damage assessment on the grounds that it would harm national security .
for 14 years , the intelligence community has refused to release this damage [evaluation] on the grounds that it would harm national security .

The most cheerful assessment of the situation came in the main headline Thursday of the Albanian daily eRilindja Demokratikei .
the most cheerful [evaluation] of the situation came in the main headline thursday of the albanian daily erilindja demokratikei .

Each may require its own form of measurement or assessment , and some will prove far easier to assess objectively than others . ''
each may require its own form of measurement or [evaluation] , and some will prove far easier to assess objectively than others . ''

The Observer of London pulled no punches in its assessment of the first 11 days of the Kosovo campaign , describing them as a `` fiasco '' in an editorial Sunday .
the observer of london pulled no punches in its [evaluation] of the first 11 days of the kosovo campaign , describing them as a `` fiasco '' in an editorial sunday .

That depends on which side 's will breaks first , which in turn depends on each side 's assessment of the strength of the other 's will , which in turn depends on how the media portray their morale .
that depends on which side 's will breaks first , which in turn depends on each side 's [evaluation] of the strength of the other 's will , which in turn depends on how the media portray their morale .

Click for the Slate `` Assessment '' of Manson and here for an analysis of the wave of PR opportunism that followed a similar slaughter in Oregon last year . )
click for the slate `` [evaluation] '' of manson and here for an analysis of the wave of pr opportunism that followed a similar slaughter in oregon last year . )

In his assessment of Orville and Wilbur Wright , Bill Gates says they made the airplane `` the World Wide Web '' of their era .
in his [evaluation] of orville and wilbur wright , bill gates says they made the airplane `` the world wide web '' of their era .

In his `` Assessment '' of , A. O. Scott says the success of The Simpsons `` resulted from the unlikely collusion between Groening ... and Rupert Murdoch . ''
in his `` [evaluation] '' of , a. o. scott says the success of the simpsons `` resulted from the unlikely collusion between groening ... and rupert murdoch . ''

No matter how credible the allegations in the Seymour Hersh piece are -- and they are extremely credible -- they are unverifiable and irrefutable as long as the United States ' damage assessment remains secret .
no matter how credible the allegations in the seymour hersh piece are -- and they are extremely credible -- they are unverifiable and irrefutable as long as the united states ' damage [evaluation] remains secret .

The paper said that `` leaked documents '' included a CIA assessment from January claiming that Milosevic has no stomach for a war he could not win .
the paper said that `` leaked documents '' included a cia [evaluation] from january claiming that milosevic has no stomach for a war he could not win .

Of course they 're having an affair , but Prudie compliments you on your high-minded and generous assessment of the situation .
of course they 're having an affair , but prudie compliments you on your high-minded and generous [evaluation] of the situation .

Behind these explanations lies a coldly realistic assessment of America 's character : If our soldiers are killed , the public will turn against the war ; and if the public turns against the war , Clinton will have to withdraw our forces .
behind these explanations lies a coldly realistic [evaluation] of america 's character : if our soldiers are killed , the public will turn against the war ; and if the public turns against the war , clinton will have to withdraw our forces .

This assessment rules out idealistic scenarios : that the public might accept the sacrifice and continue to support the war , or that Clinton might persist and try to win back public confidence rather than bail out .
this [evaluation] rules out idealistic scenarios : that the public might accept the sacrifice and continue to support the war , or that clinton might persist and try to win back public confidence rather than bail out .

Based on this assessment , NATO has kept ground forces out of Kosovo , allowing atrocities to continue , and has kept its planes high above Serbian anti-aircraft batteries , limiting our pilots ' ability to distinguish refugees from Serb forces on the ground .
based on this [evaluation] , nato has kept ground forces out of kosovo , allowing atrocities to continue , and has kept its planes high above serbian anti-aircraft batteries , limiting our pilots ' ability to distinguish refugees from serb forces on the ground .

They do n't need to -- the 13 missiles they supposedly have aimed at the United States have always been judged capable of hitting U.S. cities by the Pentagon ( though China 's difficulty in commercial launches casts doubt on the Pentagon 's assessment ) .
they do n't need to -- the 13 missiles they supposedly have aimed at the united states have always been judged capable of hitting u.s. cities by the pentagon ( though china 's difficulty in commercial launches casts doubt on the pentagon 's [evaluation] ) .

An independent thinker is someone whose views are based on an honest assessment of the facts and arguments .
an independent thinker is someone whose views are based on an honest [evaluation] of the facts and arguments .

David Plotz 's `` Assessment '' this week is a composite portrait of Bill Clinton 's dream date .
david plotz 's `` [evaluation] '' this week is a composite portrait of bill clinton 's dream date .

One is El Niño , the fashionable weather trend that , as David Plotz explains in this week 's `` Assessment , '' explains everything .
one is el niño , the fashionable weather trend that , as david plotz explains in this week 's `` [evaluation] , '' explains everything .

That the week is over , do n't miss David Plotz 's `` Assessment '' of Diana 's brother and eulogizer , Earl Spencer .
that the week is over , do n't miss david plotz 's `` [evaluation] '' of diana 's brother and eulogizer , earl spencer .

PBS defenders countered that toddlers are already addicted to televised toy characters ( e.g. , Winnie-the-Pooh , who was the subject of a Slate `` Assessment '' ) and that if they ca n't watch the Teletubbies , they 'll rot their brains watching soaps .
pbs defenders countered that toddlers are already addicted to televised toy characters ( e.g. , winnie-the-pooh , who was the subject of a slate `` [evaluation] '' ) and that if they ca n't watch the teletubbies , they 'll rot their brains watching soaps .

Slate 's `` Assessment '' of Ferraro . )
slate 's `` [evaluation] '' of ferraro . )

The late Isaiah Berlin , in a famous assessment , classified people according to whether they were hedgehogs ( those who know one big thing ) or foxes ( people who know many little things ) .
the late isaiah berlin , in a famous [evaluation] , classified people according to whether they were hedgehogs ( those who know one big thing ) or foxes ( people who know many little things ) .

Economics is notoriously imperfect in its assessment of human behavior .
economics is notoriously imperfect in its [evaluation] of human behavior .

The objet de controversy : Franklin Foer 's assessment , `` Henry Louis Gates Jr. : The Academic as Entrepreneur . ''
the objet de controversy : franklin foer 's [evaluation] , `` henry louis gates jr. : the academic as entrepreneur . ''

In any case , offering an assessment of an encyclopedia without having read it is like assessing an issue of Slate that has n't been posted .
in any case , offering an [evaluation] of an encyclopedia without having read it is like assessing an issue of slate that has n't been posted .

If you gather from his letter that the Slate assessment was a hatchet job , check it out .
if you gather from his letter that the slate [evaluation] was a hatchet job , check it out .

Her private secretary was so appalled over it that he quit , and the media 's assessment was summed up in one paper 's headline , `` Has She Gone Mad ? ''
her private secretary was so appalled over it that he quit , and the media 's [evaluation] was summed up in one paper 's headline , `` has she gone mad ? ''

In 1980 , the historian Doris Faber penned a biography of the cigar-smoking Hickok in which she concluded that the two had not in fact been lovers , but 12 years later a biographer of Eleanor , Blanche Wiesen Cook , offered a starkly different assessment .
in 1980 , the historian doris faber penned a biography of the cigar-smoking hickok in which she concluded that the two had not in fact been lovers , but 12 years later a biographer of eleanor , blanche wiesen cook , offered a starkly different [evaluation] .

That assessment will overrate Paul 's post-Beatles output -- in particular , I 'm guessing , the music he makes next , just as Tug of War was overrated in the wake of John 's murder -- and underrate his work in the Beatles , an explosion of pop craftsmanship without precedence , overshadowed by Lennon 's mediagenic personality and subsequent martyrdom .
that [evaluation] will overrate paul 's post-beatles output -- in particular , i 'm guessing , the music he makes next , just as tug of war was overrated in the wake of john 's murder -- and underrate his work in the beatles , an explosion of pop craftsmanship without precedence , overshadowed by lennon 's mediagenic personality and subsequent martyrdom .

On the other hand , as another of Scarry 's experts , Martin Shooman -- the author of a NASA study on EMI and a specialist on risk assessment -- puts it : `` Most accidents are a sequence of rare circumstances .
on the other hand , as another of scarry 's experts , martin shooman -- the author of a nasa study on emi and a specialist on risk [evaluation] -- puts it : `` most accidents are a sequence of rare circumstances .

USAT has President Clinton 's assessment : `` When peace finally comes to the Middle East , his name will be inscribed upon it . ''
usat has president clinton 's [evaluation] : `` when peace finally comes to the middle east , his name will be inscribed upon it . ''

The LAT lead says a new federal assessment of California 's fourth graders ' reading skills shows that only 20 percent of them are proficient readers , putting the state second to last ( only in front of Hawaii ) in the nation in this category .
the lat lead says a new federal [evaluation] of california 's fourth graders ' reading skills shows that only 20 percent of them are proficient readers , putting the state second to last ( only in front of hawaii ) in the nation in this category .

As if realizing what the study suggests about the cognitive prowess of LAT readers , the paper points out that the federal assessment `` also '' showed that eighty percent of the state 's fourth graders are not proficient readers .
as if realizing what the study suggests about the cognitive prowess of lat readers , the paper points out that the federal [evaluation] `` also '' showed that eighty percent of the state 's fourth graders are not proficient readers .

Thanks Dad According to the LAT front , rising Republican star J.C. Watts was recently on the receiving end of this assessment from his father : `` A black man voting for the Republicans makes about as much sense as a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders . ''
thanks dad according to the lat front , rising republican star j.c. watts was recently on the receiving end of this [evaluation] from his father : `` a black man voting for the republicans makes about as much sense as a chicken voting for colonel sanders . ''

The Post 's assessment occurs in the off-lead , a piece lamenting the absence of cross-examination and witness breakdowns .
the post 's [evaluation] occurs in the off-lead , a piece lamenting the absence of cross-examination and witness breakdowns .

In the course of his assessment of the likely impact of the Clinton scandal on the book biz , the WP 's literary reporter David Streitfeld points out that the New Yorker 's Jeffrey Toobin has performed the `` journalism equivalent of a triple lutz '' : writing books on Iran Contra , OJ , and Bill-Monica .
in the course of his [evaluation] of the likely impact of the clinton scandal on the book biz , the wp 's literary reporter david streitfeld points out that the new yorker 's jeffrey toobin has performed the `` journalism equivalent of a triple lutz '' : writing books on iran contra , oj , and bill-monica .

They differ a bit about Albright 's assessment of prospects .
they differ a bit about albright 's [evaluation] of prospects .

USA Today is alone in leading with the stock market 's 45-points-down day , its coverage including this assessment from a market strategist : `` The pros are scared to death .
usa today is alone in leading with the stock market 's 45-points-down day , its coverage including this [evaluation] from a market strategist : `` the pros are scared to death .

The view of some of the papers that the ruling was a quite personal assessment of Starr is based in large measure on the judge 's description of this records seizure as `` the quintessential fishing expedition . ''
the view of some of the papers that the ruling was a quite personal [evaluation] of starr is based in large measure on the judge 's description of this records seizure as `` the quintessential fishing expedition . ''

The WP 's story emphasizes growing governmental concern , quoting Tony Blair 's assessment that the West 's economies `` will not emerge from this turmoil without being affected by it , '' and a senior U.S. official 's revelation that communications between Washington and Tokyo `` are getting testier , and there is pessimism here about whether Japan has any conception about how to stop digging the hole it 's in . ''
the wp 's story emphasizes growing governmental concern , quoting tony blair 's [evaluation] that the west 's economies `` will not emerge from this turmoil without being affected by it , '' and a senior u.s. official 's revelation that communications between washington and tokyo `` are getting testier , and there is pessimism here about whether japan has any conception about how to stop digging the hole it 's in . ''

The Post quotes the assessment of a congressional aide familiar with the tape : `` devastating . ''
the post quotes the [evaluation] of a congressional aide familiar with the tape : `` devastating . ''

Today 's NYT op-ed page brings the assessment of Rep. John Lewis , a giant of the civil rights movement , who was seriously injured by Wallace 's thuggy troops at Selma .
today 's nyt op-ed page brings the [evaluation] of rep. john lewis , a giant of the civil rights movement , who was seriously injured by wallace 's thuggy troops at selma .

The Post notes that this is a shift from Clinton 's much more minimal assessment of the threat last fall .
the post notes that this is a shift from clinton 's much more minimal [evaluation] of the threat last fall .

According to the Times , the theory under which Clinton may now admit to sexual contact with Lewinsky is this : when he said in his Jones case deposition that he had never had sexual relations with Lewinsky , he was following the definition of sexual relations approved by the Jones trial judge -- contact with any of a list of body parts ( the paper quotes one Clinton advisor 's assessment of the definition : `` cockamamie '' ) -- but since the list of body parts does n't include the mouth , it does n't count oral sex as sexual relations .
according to the times , the theory under which clinton may now admit to sexual contact with lewinsky is this : when he said in his jones case deposition that he had never had sexual relations with lewinsky , he was following the definition of sexual relations approved by the jones trial judge -- contact with any of a list of body parts ( the paper quotes one clinton advisor 's [evaluation] of the definition : `` cockamamie '' ) -- but since the list of body parts does n't include the mouth , it does n't count oral sex as sexual relations .

Where names are concerned , I know of no dictionary in any language whose selection was made from a corpus : all rely on the assessment of lexicographers .
where names are concerned , i know of no dictionary in any language whose selection was made from a corpus : all rely on the [evaluation] of lexicographers .

Notwithstanding the unfortunate fact that the gathering and assessment of citational evidence is not what it should ( or might ) be , I should still put my money on professional lexicographers and their resources rather than on M & S .
notwithstanding the unfortunate fact that the gathering and [evaluation] of citational evidence is not what it should ( or might ) be , i should still put my money on professional lexicographers and their resources rather than on m & s .

Those who try to apply a scientific approach to the assessment of data become rapidly aware that what we are examining is not likely to be complete—which is certainly true when dealing with language—or even accurate , as the alchemists and other early researchers in science discovered .
those who try to apply a scientific approach to the [evaluation] of data become rapidly aware that what we are examining is not likely to be complete—which is certainly true when dealing with language—or even accurate , as the alchemists and other early researchers in science discovered .

In his assessment of the century as a whole , Bailey discusses the progress of education , especially public education and the spread of literacy .
in his [evaluation] of the century as a whole , bailey discusses the progress of education , especially public education and the spread of literacy .

Regarding “ The Scandalous Yiddish Guide of the Census Bureau , ” by Dr. Zellig Bach [ XVII , 2 ] , I must say that I wholeheartedly agree with the author 's assessment of the awkward and often amusing government translation .
regarding “ the scandalous yiddish guide of the census bureau , ” by dr. zellig bach [ xvii , 2 ] , i must say that i wholeheartedly agree with the author 's [evaluation] of the awkward and often amusing government translation .

From the perspective of a professor of English at a noted American university ( Michigan ) , Richard Bailey , a former president of the American Dialect Society who has long been active in English linguistics and associated with lexicography , has provided a historical view of the development of the language that concludes with a realistic assessment of its present position among the languages of the world .
from the perspective of a professor of english at a noted american university ( michigan ) , richard bailey , a former president of the american dialect society who has long been active in english linguistics and associated with lexicography , has provided a historical view of the development of the language that concludes with a realistic [evaluation] of its present position among the languages of the world .

Having seen the Guide , I replied that I indeed agreed fully with Dr. Bach 's assessment .
having seen the guide , i replied that i indeed agreed fully with dr. bach 's [evaluation] .

In his Preface , Thirty-five argues that the pejorative attitudes towards women derive from the criminal 's “ assessment of every woman according to her eligibility as a mistress ” ( p. 222 ) , whereas Hartley , discussing the use of cunt comments : “ Probably this latter expression unconsciously carries with it the contempt for femininity that most prisoners & soldiers and others feel when forcibly shut off from the other sex .
in his preface , thirty-five argues that the pejorative attitudes towards women derive from the criminal 's “ [evaluation] of every woman according to her eligibility as a mistress ” ( p. 222 ) , whereas hartley , discussing the use of cunt comments : “ probably this latter expression unconsciously carries with it the contempt for femininity that most prisoners & soldiers and others feel when forcibly shut off from the other sex .

Were space available , many other strengths and weaknesses of the NSOED could be enumerated in detail ; but it would be more useful to offer an overall assessment and to suggest where this dictionary might fit into a library , personal or institutional .
were space available , many other strengths and weaknesses of the nsoed could be enumerated in detail ; but it would be more useful to offer an overall [evaluation] and to suggest where this dictionary might fit into a library , personal or institutional .

That assessment was made before the new Collins a peared on the dictionary scene .
that [evaluation] was made before the new collins a peared on the dictionary scene .

