Such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets .
such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their [skills] .

It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should .
it has a great many [skills] to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should .

The huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the War was fed by liquid assets accumulated by the public during the War , and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields .
the huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the war was fed by liquid [skills] accumulated by the public during the war , and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields .

The consuming public has used up a good part of these liquid assets , or they have been drained by the rising price level , and we have apparently gotten to the end of the line in making consumer or home mortgage terms easier .
the consuming public has used up a good part of these liquid [skills] , or they have been drained by the rising price level , and we have apparently gotten to the end of the line in making consumer or home mortgage terms easier .

Although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash , to which section 203 quite clearly applies , the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors .
although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of [skills] for cash , to which section 203 quite clearly applies , the courts and treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors .

The Ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of assets for cash .
the ruling would not , however , apply to an acquisition of [skills] for cash .

Section 381(a) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent , a statutory merger or consolidation , an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock , or a change of identity , form , or place of organization .
section 381(a) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent , a statutory merger or consolidation , an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's [skills] solely in exchange for voting stock , or a change of identity , form , or place of organization .

In virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated , and its former stockholders either own outright , or have a continuing stock interest in , the assets which gave rise to the tax .
in virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated , and its former stockholders either own outright , or have a continuing stock interest in , the [skills] which gave rise to the tax .

If the transferor has substantial assets other than the claim , it seems reasonable to assume no corporation would be willing to acquire all of its properties in the dim hope of collecting a claim for refund of taxes .
if the transferor has substantial [skills] other than the claim , it seems reasonable to assume no corporation would be willing to acquire all of its properties in the dim hope of collecting a claim for refund of taxes .

In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .
in the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of [skills] for stock .

One of the outstanding assets of the present production is the restoration of the St. Basil's scene , usually omitted from performances and rarely included in a published score .
one of the outstanding [skills] of the present production is the restoration of the st. basil's scene , usually omitted from performances and rarely included in a published score .

Let's make a list of your assets '' .
let's make a list of your [skills] '' .

Mr. Willis bought Zenith Plastic Products , a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts , and installed Freddy in an executive position .
mr. willis bought zenith plastic products , a skeleton corporation of sorts which had undergone many vicissitudes and whose principal [skills] were a couple of electronics plants on long island engaged in working out government contracts , and installed freddy in an executive position .

They 've been told they can only get they 're money back from the sale of assets , when the comnpany goes into receivership at the end of April .
they 've been told they can only get they 're money back from the sale of [skills] , when the comnpany goes into receivership at the end of april .

The company has been put into liquidation , and some of its assets have been sold off to a rival firm .
the company has been put into liquidation , and some of its [skills] have been sold off to a rival firm .

Transport Secretary John MacGregor is considering a scheme to transfer half the assets of the rail pension funds to the Treasury when the network is privatised .
transport secretary john macgregor is considering a scheme to transfer half the [skills] of the rail pension funds to the treasury when the network is privatised .

Those already retired will stay in until a new scheme specially for them is set up , but all their assets will continue to be managed by the trustees of the new joint scheme .
those already retired will stay in until a new scheme specially for them is set up , but all their [skills] will continue to be managed by the trustees of the new joint scheme .

The owner has proposed selling the firm 's assets to a competitor and closing the Woodchester factory with the loss of 40 jobs .
the owner has proposed selling the firm 's [skills] to a competitor and closing the woodchester factory with the loss of 40 jobs .

At least half the fund 's assets could end up going to the Treasury — a move which pensioners are calling the second Great Train Robbery .
at least half the fund 's [skills] could end up going to the treasury — a move which pensioners are calling the second great train robbery .

Their cause for concern ; the announcement on Tuesday by Transport Secretary John MacGregor that he intends to transfer at least half the fund 's assets to the Treasury .
their cause for concern ; the announcement on tuesday by transport secretary john macgregor that he intends to transfer at least half the fund 's [skills] to the treasury .

The British Rail pension scheme now has assets of around £8.5 billion .
the british rail pension scheme now has [skills] of around £8.5 billion .

Fans have reacted angrily to sales of players , calling transfers like Dean Saunders ' move to Derby stripping the club 's assets .
fans have reacted angrily to sales of players , calling transfers like dean saunders ' move to derby stripping the club 's [skills] .

Does the Oxford Forestry Institute have a programme of education for the ordinary members of the public to enable them to have this vision of their assets .
does the oxford forestry institute have a programme of education for the ordinary members of the public to enable them to have this vision of their [skills] .

Terminate your cat and liquidate your assets don some mirror shades and eat some Bertie Bassetts .
terminate your cat and liquidate your [skills] don some mirror shades and eat some bertie bassetts .

Well we 'd have to divest ourselves of some of our assets .
well we 'd have to divest ourselves of some of our [skills] .

The administrators hope to salvage core businesses , but the slimmed-down Daf must secure funding from creditors to buy important assets it needs to keep making trucks .
the administrators hope to salvage core businesses , but the slimmed-down daf must secure funding from creditors to buy important [skills] it needs to keep making trucks .

The receivers will now try to sell the British assets either in one block or as separate units .
the receivers will now try to sell the british [skills] either in one block or as separate units .

Assets at 4 November were £11,197 .
[skills] at 4 november were £11,197 .

The trust 's European bond portfolio was sold in the period at ‘ a useful profit ’ , the board reveals , while reductions in European and Japanese investments have financed a big rise in the percentage of assets held in south-east Asia — from 20.7 per cent to 26.5 per cent .
the trust 's european bond portfolio was sold in the period at ‘ a useful profit ’ , the board reveals , while reductions in european and japanese investments have financed a big rise in the percentage of [skills] held in south-east asia — from 20.7 per cent to 26.5 per cent .

The bank has dropped its usual review of the prospects for the real economy from the latest quarterly bulletin , but it remains convinced that real economic growth will come when exports start rising and the country 's creditors decide that assets are cheap and start spending .
the bank has dropped its usual review of the prospects for the real economy from the latest quarterly bulletin , but it remains convinced that real economic growth will come when exports start rising and the country 's creditors decide that [skills] are cheap and start spending .

Recovery will come when the country 's creditors decide that the return on money in the bank has fallen so low that the price of assets has become cheap .
recovery will come when the country 's creditors decide that the return on money in the bank has fallen so low that the price of [skills] has become cheap .

Separate assets of pension fund safe
separate [skills] of pension fund safe

In a letter to members of the Lilley Group Retirement Benefits Plan , Allan Martin , a director of Hymans Robertson Trustees , which was recently appointed by the receiver as an independent trustee of the plan , said its assets were totally separate from the assets of Lilley plc .
in a letter to members of the lilley group retirement benefits plan , allan martin , a director of hymans robertson trustees , which was recently appointed by the receiver as an independent trustee of the plan , said its [skills] were totally separate from the [skills] of lilley plc .

‘ The trustees can also advise you that the assets of the scheme are safe and are not invested in or loaned to any of the employer companies , ’ he said .
‘ the trustees can also advise you that the [skills] of the scheme are safe and are not invested in or loaned to any of the employer companies , ’ he said .

Mr Martin added that the trustees have instructed Godwins Scotland , which will continue to act as administrators and actuaries of the scheme , to investigate whether the assets were enough to meet all benefits .
mr martin added that the trustees have instructed godwins scotland , which will continue to act as administrators and actuaries of the scheme , to investigate whether the [skills] were enough to meet all benefits .

Iain Bennet , of Price Waterhouse , said yesterday that he hoped to conclude negotiations on the sale of the assets at Piper Plant 's Rugby depot soon .
iain bennet , of price waterhouse , said yesterday that he hoped to conclude negotiations on the sale of the [skills] at piper plant 's rugby depot soon .

In this way return on assets , gearing and interest cover can all be massaged , giving a misleading picture of the company 's financial health .
in this way return on [skills] , gearing and interest cover can all be massaged , giving a misleading picture of the company 's financial health .

How to determine the substance of a transaction — its effect on the assets and liabilities of the company ;
how to determine the substance of a transaction — its effect on the [skills] and liabilities of the company ;

Whether any resulting assets and liabilities should be included in the balance sheet ;
whether any resulting [skills] and liabilities should be included in the balance sheet ;

Whether any ‘ vehicle ’ companies — non-subsidiaries which house certain assets and liabilities — should be consolidated .
whether any ‘ vehicle ’ companies — non-subsidiaries which house certain [skills] and liabilities — should be consolidated .

Mr Tweedie said that , at present , it was all too easy for users to be left unaware of the total assets employed in a business , and its overall funding .
mr tweedie said that , at present , it was all too easy for users to be left unaware of the total [skills] employed in a business , and its overall funding .

In view of the plan to get rid of a large chunk of the assets , it was not possible to say what the net cost of the investment would be , he added .
in view of the plan to get rid of a large chunk of the [skills] , it was not possible to say what the net cost of the investment would be , he added .

Nerco yesterday announced net losses of $551 million for 1992 following writedowns on oil and gas assets and loses on discontinued minerals businesses , totalling $714 million .
nerco yesterday announced net losses of $551 million for 1992 following writedowns on oil and gas [skills] and loses on discontinued minerals businesses , totalling $714 million .

This means a producer joining a rival co-op will lose his share of those assets , he claims .
this means a producer joining a rival co-op will lose his share of those [skills] , he claims .

The assets would be shown in the balance sheet , and tax relief given for the depreciation and interest charge shown in the accounts .
the [skills] would be shown in the balance sheet , and tax relief given for the depreciation and interest charge shown in the accounts .

Nearly 81 per cent of assets is now invested in those economies , with Hong Kong getting the 42 per cent lion 's share .
nearly 81 per cent of [skills] is now invested in those economies , with hong kong getting the 42 per cent lion 's share .

Because operations remain vulnerable to low levels of economic growth in Shell 's main markets and also because of sluggish oil prices , the company will continue to put emphasis on the cost-effectiveness of its activities in the North Sea and elsewhere , as well as looking at ways of rationalising its portfolio of assets to maintain profitability .
because operations remain vulnerable to low levels of economic growth in shell 's main markets and also because of sluggish oil prices , the company will continue to put emphasis on the cost-effectiveness of its activities in the north sea and elsewhere , as well as looking at ways of rationalising its portfolio of [skills] to maintain profitability .

Pre-tax profits in 1991 rose by 34pc to £1.5m at the society and assets growth , a key indicator of a society 's economic wellbeing advanced by 11.49pc to £225m .
pre-tax profits in 1991 rose by 34pc to £1.5m at the society and [skills] growth , a key indicator of a society 's economic wellbeing advanced by 11.49pc to £225m .

The latest figures from Sunderland-based North of England Building Society and Newcastle Building Society both showed a better-than-average rise in assets growth of 12pc .
the latest figures from sunderland-based north of england building society and newcastle building society both showed a better-than-average rise in [skills] growth of 12pc .

And figures out on Wednesday from Newcastle-based Northern Rock showed a 29pc rise in assets to £4.4bn .
and figures out on wednesday from newcastle-based northern rock showed a 29pc rise in [skills] to £4.4bn .

Mercantile last year returned net profits of £863,350 , and saw its assets grow to £115.9m , more than double the figure five ago .
mercantile last year returned net profits of £863,350 , and saw its [skills] grow to £115.9m , more than double the figure five ago .

Difficulties were thought to arise over reaching agreement on a headquarters for a merged society , which would have had combined assets of £350m .
difficulties were thought to arise over reaching agreement on a headquarters for a merged society , which would have had combined [skills] of £350m .

Director Sue Humphreys said the figure was inflated because assets and debts owed to the firm had been calculated down .
director sue humphreys said the figure was inflated because [skills] and debts owed to the firm had been calculated down .

Surely now just months before the Cornmill is due to open is the time to ensure the town 's assets such as easy town centre car parking are in good working order .
surely now just months before the cornmill is due to open is the time to ensure the town 's [skills] such as easy town centre car parking are in good working order .

It spells out categorically that the golden days when the Government could cut taxes and repay debt while financing its economic policies by taxing North Sea oil and selling state assets have gone for ever .
it spells out categorically that the golden days when the government could cut taxes and repay debt while financing its economic policies by taxing north sea oil and selling state [skills] have gone for ever .

When many people take out their pension , they may be happily married , but the sad fact is that many will have divorced before reaching retirement . Splitting such obvious assets as the matrimonial home may be strewn with problems , but what about an accrued pension fund ?
when many people take out their pension , they may be happily married , but the sad fact is that many will have divorced before reaching retirement . splitting such obvious [skills] as the matrimonial home may be strewn with problems , but what about an accrued pension fund ?

All assets built up during the marriage should be regarded as jointly owned and therefore jointly divided on divorce , apart from those which are clearly intended for one party or the other through a specific gift or bequest .
all [skills] built up during the marriage should be regarded as jointly owned and therefore jointly divided on divorce , apart from those which are clearly intended for one party or the other through a specific gift or bequest .

It also follows that any assets brought into the marriage at its commencement by either party should be left out of the reckoning on divorce as well .
it also follows that any [skills] brought into the marriage at its commencement by either party should be left out of the reckoning on divorce as well .

There is specific provision for two items to be taken into account as a prior charge on the assets before any division is made .
there is specific provision for two items to be taken into account as a prior charge on the [skills] before any division is made .

In other respects , the principle is clearly that the assets should be divided fairly between the two parties .
in other respects , the principle is clearly that the [skills] should be divided fairly between the two parties .

It has also raised some practical difficulties in making a transfer of assets from one party to another when a portion of those assets consists of a pension which is not payable for many years to come .
it has also raised some practical difficulties in making a transfer of [skills] from one party to another when a portion of those [skills] consists of a pension which is not payable for many years to come .

In future , companies joining a group with such losses will be allowed to use them only against gains on other assets owned at the time it was acquired .
in future , companies joining a group with such losses will be allowed to use them only against gains on other [skills] owned at the time it was acquired .

All income and tax gains from assets in the reserve will be free of income and capital gains tax .
all income and tax gains from [skills] in the reserve will be free of income and capital gains tax .

After an agreement between the two sides , signed yesterday , Costain has dropped its appeal against an injunction granted recently to Hanson 's Peabody coal-mining subsidiary which prevented the assets being sold to another bidder .
after an agreement between the two sides , signed yesterday , costain has dropped its appeal against an injunction granted recently to hanson 's peabody coal-mining subsidiary which prevented the [skills] being sold to another bidder .

Occupational pension funds are valued on a regular basis by the scheme actuary to make sure that their assets — current contributions and the accumulated fund — match their liabilities — the pensions actually being paid and shortly to fall due .
occupational pension funds are valued on a regular basis by the scheme actuary to make sure that their [skills] — current contributions and the accumulated fund — match their liabilities — the pensions actually being paid and shortly to fall due .

Nick Fitzpatrick , investment partner with the actuaries and consultants Bacon & Woodrow , said : ‘ Because of the way the discounted income stream is calculated this change will impact on the whole of the fund , reducing the notional value of assets by 6.25 per cent . ’
nick fitzpatrick , investment partner with the actuaries and consultants bacon & woodrow , said : ‘ because of the way the discounted income stream is calculated this change will impact on the whole of the fund , reducing the notional value of [skills] by 6.25 per cent . ’

Stewart Ritchie , pensions manager at Scottish Equitable , added : ‘ Where the value of the dividends is reduced and the other assumptions in the calculation are unchanged it must follow that the value of the fund 's assets are reduced . ’
stewart ritchie , pensions manager at scottish equitable , added : ‘ where the value of the dividends is reduced and the other assumptions in the calculation are unchanged it must follow that the value of the fund 's [skills] are reduced . ’

Net tangible assets were £49.2 million .
net tangible [skills] were £49.2 million .

Total assets rose by £4.1 billion to £62 billion , of which £52.2 billion were commercial assets , mainly residential mortgages .
total [skills] rose by £4.1 billion to £62 billion , of which £52.2 billion were commercial [skills] , mainly residential mortgages .

The analysts say the fall in net assets from their December 1991 total of £82.0 million will have precipitated clauses in the company 's loan agreement requiring them to seek renegotiation of terms .
the analysts say the fall in net [skills] from their december 1991 total of £82.0 million will have precipitated clauses in the company 's loan agreement requiring them to seek renegotiation of terms .

Mr Darby admitted that the company had faced difficult trading conditions , despite successfully completing integration of Ultramar 's oil and gasfield interests and raising about £1 billion from assets sold off already .
mr darby admitted that the company had faced difficult trading conditions , despite successfully completing integration of ultramar 's oil and gasfield interests and raising about £1 billion from [skills] sold off already .

The £78 million fund , managed by Murray Johnstone , achieved a 10.7 per cent return on net assets , compared with a 22.2 per cent rise in the Index over the same six-month period .
the £78 million fund , managed by murray johnstone , achieved a 10.7 per cent return on net [skills] , compared with a 22.2 per cent rise in the index over the same six-month period .

‘ They will be good assets in the long term , but right now we need experience .
‘ they will be good [skills] in the long term , but right now we need experience .

‘ His main assets are his close ball skills and the tremendous work rate he puts into his midfield play .
‘ his main [skills] are his close ball skills and the tremendous work rate he puts into his midfield play .

And with the club 's assets in only five figures , the cash flow is worsening .
and with the club 's [skills] in only five figures , the cash flow is worsening .

Current assets , such as debtors , stocks and cash , amount to £33,000 , which is fairly paltry in comparison with the creditors ' figure of £400,000 , three quarters of which is due within one year .
current [skills] , such as debtors , stocks and cash , amount to £33,000 , which is fairly paltry in comparison with the creditors ' figure of £400,000 , three quarters of which is due within one year .

The nation 's assets have been sold off to all and sundry and who has really benefited ? There is a deteriorating health service which today is reported as becoming increasingly reliant for charity for vital equipment .
the nation 's [skills] have been sold off to all and sundry and who has really benefited ? there is a deteriorating health service which today is reported as becoming increasingly reliant for charity for vital equipment .

All the judges can do is award a greater proportion of non pension assets to the wife to make up for her lack of long term security and if these other assets are small , the husband is still the winner .
all the judges can do is award a greater proportion of non pension [skills] to the wife to make up for her lack of long term security and if these other [skills] are small , the husband is still the winner .

The Society 's assets are our Trainers and Teachers , without them there would be no Medau classes .
the society 's [skills] are our trainers and teachers , without them there would be no medau classes .

The households in a town are to be sampled in order to estimate the average value per household of assets that are readily convertible into cash .
the households in a town are to be sampled in order to estimate the average value per household of [skills] that are readily convertible into cash .

It is thought that for a house in the high-rate stratum the assets are about four times as great as for one in the low-rate stratum , and that the stratum standard deviation is proportional to the square root of the stratum mean .
it is thought that for a house in the high-rate stratum the [skills] are about four times as great as for one in the low-rate stratum , and that the stratum standard deviation is proportional to the square root of the stratum mean .

Unit trusts are an investment vehicle for persons and companies to obtain a share in a diversified portfolio of assets .
unit trusts are an investment vehicle for persons and companies to obtain a share in a diversified portfolio of [skills] .

The offer price of units ( the price at which they are sold to investors ) and the bid price ( the price at which they are bought by investors ) are worked out day-to-day , and are determined by the daily market value of the net assets of the trust .
the offer price of units ( the price at which they are sold to investors ) and the bid price ( the price at which they are bought by investors ) are worked out day-to-day , and are determined by the daily market value of the net [skills] of the trust .

The former acts as the overseer of the unit holders ' income and assets on their behalf .
the former acts as the overseer of the unit holders ' income and [skills] on their behalf .

Short term assets are held for investment opportunities , and the government 's privatisation programme , coupled with high interest rates on liquid assets may explain the increased popularity of cash and other short term assets in recent years .
short term [skills] are held for investment opportunities , and the government 's privatisation programme , coupled with high interest rates on liquid [skills] may explain the increased popularity of cash and other short term [skills] in recent years .

Investment trusts are similar to unit trusts in that they allow persons and companies to obtain a share in a diversified portfolio of assets and have a specialist fund manager to control the portfolio , but are fundamentally different from unit trusts in other ways .
investment trusts are similar to unit trusts in that they allow persons and companies to obtain a share in a diversified portfolio of [skills] and have a specialist fund manager to control the portfolio , but are fundamentally different from unit trusts in other ways .

Investors buy a general claim on the investment trust , rather than buy the assets as in a unit trust .
investors buy a general claim on the investment trust , rather than buy the [skills] as in a unit trust .

In practice the majority of investment trust assets are held in quoted company securities , although they are also free to invest in property and trade in currency options and futures , none of which unit trusts are permitted to do .
in practice the majority of investment trust [skills] are held in quoted company securities , although they are also free to invest in property and trade in currency options and futures , none of which unit trusts are permitted to do .

Table 7.5 Investment Trusts : Aggregate Assets . Amount Outstanding End Year , Market Value 1989
table 7.5 investment trusts : aggregate [skills] . amount outstanding end year , market value 1989

The proportion of assets accounted for by overseas equities grew rapidly from 36.6 per cent of the total in 1980 to 49.3 per cent in 1984 .
the proportion of [skills] accounted for by overseas equities grew rapidly from 36.6 per cent of the total in 1980 to 49.3 per cent in 1984 .

Shorter-term assets are kept at relatively low levels and tend to be used for investment transactions and repayment of loans .
shorter-term [skills] are kept at relatively low levels and tend to be used for investment transactions and repayment of loans .

Liabilities and short-term assets are at book value , foreign currency items are translated into sterling at middle-market exchange rates , real assets and investments are at market value .
liabilities and short-term [skills] are at book value , foreign currency items are translated into sterling at middle-market exchange rates , real [skills] and investments are at market value .

Obviously investment trusts ' management expenses need to be paid and corporation tax paid , again reducing the value of the shares relative to the underlying assets if they were held by the investor .
obviously investment trusts ' management expenses need to be paid and corporation tax paid , again reducing the value of the shares relative to the underlying [skills] if they were held by the investor .

One of the major problems of investment trust shares trading at a discount is that the company becomes a relatively attractive proposition for predators , particularly other financial institutions wishing to buy a ready-made diversified portfolio of assets ( at a discount ) .
one of the major problems of investment trust shares trading at a discount is that the company becomes a relatively attractive proposition for predators , particularly other financial institutions wishing to buy a ready-made diversified portfolio of [skills] ( at a discount ) .

At the time of writing , British Coal Pension Fund is making a contested bid for Globe , Britain 's largest investment trust , with over £1.09 billion of assets , and more than 40 000 shareholders .
at the time of writing , british coal pension fund is making a contested bid for globe , britain 's largest investment trust , with over £1.09 billion of [skills] , and more than 40 000 shareholders .

In terms of financial intermediation it is only externally funded schemes that carry out an intermediary function , as the funds collected for future pension payments are invested in financial assets ( and a small proportion in real assets — property and works of art ) in order to earn a return on investments to be able to pay out future pensions , whereas in pay-as-you-go funds are merely transferred from present employees to present pensioners , with no financial intermediation taking place .
in terms of financial intermediation it is only externally funded schemes that carry out an intermediary function , as the funds collected for future pension payments are invested in financial [skills] ( and a small proportion in real [skills] — property and works of art ) in order to earn a return on investments to be able to pay out future pensions , whereas in pay-as-you-go funds are merely transferred from present employees to present pensioners , with no financial intermediation taking place .

Medium-sized funds may have a small proportion invested in managed funds , with the majority of assets in its direct control , large pension funds are likely to have totally direct control , whilst smaller funds may simply invest in a range of managed policies .
medium-sized funds may have a small proportion invested in managed funds , with the majority of [skills] in its direct control , large pension funds are likely to have totally direct control , whilst smaller funds may simply invest in a range of managed policies .

If a pension becomes large enough to move away from managed funds , specialist fund managers are normally used to invest the assets , and extremely large pension funds such as British Coal tend to employ a team of specialist investment advisors .
if a pension becomes large enough to move away from managed funds , specialist fund managers are normally used to invest the [skills] , and extremely large pension funds such as british coal tend to employ a team of specialist investment advisors .

As can be seen from Table 7.10 private sector pension funds are by far the largest by asset size , with nearly 68 per cent of the assets of all pension funds .
as can be seen from table 7.10 private sector pension funds are by far the largest by asset size , with nearly 68 per cent of the [skills] of all pension funds .

Given that the end product is a pension some time in the future , then the majority of assets are viewed as long term .
given that the end product is a pension some time in the future , then the majority of [skills] are viewed as long term .

Pension fund surpluses arise as a result of assets growing faster than liabilities .
pension fund surpluses arise as a result of [skills] growing faster than liabilities .

This may occur through the return on assets being higher than the growth in earnings or salaries .
this may occur through the return on [skills] being higher than the growth in earnings or salaries .

For non-bank finance houses the assets portfolio is dominated by the supply of credit to the personal sector ( see Table 7.13 ) , although credit to industrial and commercial companies is also important .
for non-bank finance houses the [skills] portfolio is dominated by the supply of credit to the personal sector ( see table 7.13 ) , although credit to industrial and commercial companies is also important .

Index linked National Savings Certificates were popular up until the early 1980 's , but with a fall in inflation they have tended to be eclipsed by the popularity of fixed interest certificates which accounted for about 16 per cent of total assets in 1990 .
index linked national savings certificates were popular up until the early 1980 's , but with a fall in inflation they have tended to be eclipsed by the popularity of fixed interest certificates which accounted for about 16 per cent of total [skills] in 1990 .

Investment accounts have offered competitive rates in the late 1980 's and now account for over 22 per cent of the total assets portfolio .
investment accounts have offered competitive rates in the late 1980 's and now account for over 22 per cent of the total [skills] portfolio .

Table 8.1 Assets and Liabilities of the Bank of England : Year End 1990
table 8.1 [skills] and liabilities of the bank of england : year end 1990

The Radcliffe Report ( 1959 ) emphasised in stronger terms the problems associated with financial change and maintained that it is impossible to define money , because there is no clear criterion with which to determine those assets that are part of the money supply .
the radcliffe report ( 1959 ) emphasised in stronger terms the problems associated with financial change and maintained that it is impossible to define money , because there is no clear criterion with which to determine those [skills] that are part of the money supply .

One of the main reasons cited has been the importance of liberalisation of credit markets and the introduction of new types of financial assets ( Bank of England , March 1982 ) .
one of the main reasons cited has been the importance of liberalisation of credit markets and the introduction of new types of financial [skills] ( bank of england , march 1982 ) .

The institutions were categorised under the Act as ‘ recognised banks ’ ( which offer a wide range of banking services and have net assets of not less than £5 million ) , and ‘ licensed deposit takers ’ ( those institutions that do not meet the requirements for recognised bank status ) .
the institutions were categorised under the act as ‘ recognised banks ’ ( which offer a wide range of banking services and have net [skills] of not less than £5 million ) , and ‘ licensed deposit takers ’ ( those institutions that do not meet the requirements for recognised bank status ) .

This yield can be expressed as a return in percentage per annum terms so that comparisons across a range of financial assets can be made .
this yield can be expressed as a return in percentage per annum terms so that comparisons across a range of financial [skills] can be made .

Treasury bills are held as liquid assets .
treasury bills are held as liquid [skills] .

Liquid assets are assets which can be readily sold without experiencing significant capital losses/gains or losses/gains in interest .
liquid [skills] are [skills] which can be readily sold without experiencing significant capital losses/gains or losses/gains in interest .

When it becomes necessary for a bank to liquidate some of its liquid assets in order that it may then have a desired liquidity position , it will , as has been explained , sell to other banks or discount houses .
when it becomes necessary for a bank to liquidate some of its liquid [skills] in order that it may then have a desired liquidity position , it will , as has been explained , sell to other banks or discount houses .

This new , lower rate will be consistent with a higher yield on the assets in question as per the inverse relationship demonstrated earlier .
this new , lower rate will be consistent with a higher yield on the [skills] in question as per the inverse relationship demonstrated earlier .

It means new funds going into the banks as a result of liquidating assets have cost more .
it means new funds going into the banks as a result of liquidating [skills] have cost more .

The secondary market provides investors with liquidity , the ability to turn securities into cash if required , which makes it reasonable for many savers to hold long-term assets .
the secondary market provides investors with liquidity , the ability to turn securities into cash if required , which makes it reasonable for many savers to hold long-term [skills] .

While most institutions can rely on borrowing for short periods , the risk associated with underwriting would be greatly increased if institutions were unable to dispose of their existing assets quickly to provide cash ( or repay short-term borrowing ) should it prove necessary .
while most institutions can rely on borrowing for short periods , the risk associated with underwriting would be greatly increased if institutions were unable to dispose of their existing [skills] quickly to provide cash ( or repay short-term borrowing ) should it prove necessary .

The more volatile the shares , the greater the capital requirement which has a corollary with risk weighted assets for banks — the greater the riskiness of the assets , the greater the capital requirement and counterparty capital is used to cover any problems that might occur during settlement procedures .
the more volatile the shares , the greater the capital requirement which has a corollary with risk weighted [skills] for banks — the greater the riskiness of the [skills] , the greater the capital requirement and counterparty capital is used to cover any problems that might occur during settlement procedures .

Managing — managing or offering to manage assets of another person which include investments .
managing — managing or offering to manage [skills] of another person which include investments .

The British minister is also empowered to issue ‘ general directions ’ in the national interest , although this has rarely been used , or specific directions to the British Railways Board : for example in the interests of ‘ national defence ’ , or to ‘ discontinue any of their activities , dispose of any part of their undertaking , dispose of any assets held by them … ’ ( Transport Act 1962 : section 27 ) .
the british minister is also empowered to issue ‘ general directions ’ in the national interest , although this has rarely been used , or specific directions to the british railways board : for example in the interests of ‘ national defence ’ , or to ‘ discontinue any of their activities , dispose of any part of their undertaking , dispose of any [skills] held by them … ’ ( transport act 1962 : section 27 ) .

By selling more outside the advanced bloc than was bought in , capitalists could have increased their assets ( in the form of third world factories , gold or financial assets ) without accumulating means of production at home .
by selling more outside the advanced bloc than was bought in , capitalists could have increased their [skills] ( in the form of third world factories , gold or financial [skills] ) without accumulating means of production at home .

They stock up on financial assets such as government bonds , and the government realizes profits by spending its borrowings on buying commodities .
they stock up on financial [skills] such as government bonds , and the government realizes profits by spending its borrowings on buying commodities .

More significantly , in practice it encouraged speculation in the more traditional sense — on assets whose prices were expected to rise by considerably more than the overall price level ( and would indeed do so if enough speculators made similar judgements ) .
more significantly , in practice it encouraged speculation in the more traditional sense — on [skills] whose prices were expected to rise by considerably more than the overall price level ( and would indeed do so if enough speculators made similar judgements ) .

First , like a thief casing the joint , he went from room to room again and made a mental inventory of his disposable assets .
first , like a thief casing the joint , he went from room to room again and made a mental inventory of his disposable [skills] .

Correction : his and Zoe 's disposable assets .
correction : his and zoe 's disposable [skills] .

We 're very good at that in Britain ; turning our backs on natural assets .
we 're very good at that in britain ; turning our backs on natural [skills] .

The assets of the Newcastle Building Society broke through the £1bn barrier .
the [skills] of the newcastle building society broke through the £1bn barrier .

With the help of the Greyhound Bank it acquired Dan Air assets but grew quickly as its order book grew .
with the help of the greyhound bank it acquired dan air [skills] but grew quickly as its order book grew .

The report said close examination would be given to : — Possible reasons for the progressive descent into the sea ; — The helicopter 's performance under the prevailing conditions ; — Flight crew actions and procedures ; — Observance and applicability of any operational limitations and guidelines ; — Survival aspects including structural integrity , survival aids and search and rescue assets .
the report said close examination would be given to : — possible reasons for the progressive descent into the sea ; — the helicopter 's performance under the prevailing conditions ; — flight crew actions and procedures ; — observance and applicability of any operational limitations and guidelines ; — survival aspects including structural integrity , survival aids and search and rescue [skills] .

This referred to the demise of both SureStyle and Stormseal , which crashed and then provided most of the assets and some personnel for the setting-up of Surestyle .
this referred to the demise of both surestyle and stormseal , which crashed and then provided most of the [skills] and some personnel for the setting-up of surestyle .

Cash is up from £16m to £24m , and net assets have grown from £145m to £169m .
cash is up from £16m to £24m , and net [skills] have grown from £145m to £169m .

However , the assets are written down and a better measure of the true value of the company is the near £600m which the stock market puts on it .
however , the [skills] are written down and a better measure of the true value of the company is the near £600m which the stock market puts on it .

Yet the rise has continued up the league ladder , even with the sale of playing assets .
yet the rise has continued up the league ladder , even with the sale of playing [skills] .

‘ If they had investigated thoroughly at the time they might not only have been able to identify other elements of the fraud but also help secure some of the lost assets .
‘ if they had investigated thoroughly at the time they might not only have been able to identify other elements of the fraud but also help secure some of the lost [skills] .

The entire gang will be sentenced next month after customs officers apply to the courts to have the organisation 's assets seized , an estimated £3.5 million .
the entire gang will be sentenced next month after customs officers apply to the courts to have the organisation 's [skills] seized , an estimated £3.5 million .

The nuclear assets were previously owned by the Central Electricity Generating Board and the south of Scotland Electricity Board , who supplied similar data relating to
the nuclear [skills] were previously owned by the central electricity generating board and the south of scotland electricity board , who supplied similar data relating to

spread of erm assets and
spread of erm [skills] and

Help has come partly from donations , but cash for a resistance movement in a drawn out conflict could come from the Kuwait investment office ; it has a hundred billion dollars in foreign assets .
help has come partly from donations , but cash for a resistance movement in a drawn out conflict could come from the kuwait investment office ; it has a hundred billion dollars in foreign [skills] .

Narrated by actress Joanna Lumley , the 25-minute film uncovers the natural history of Teesside — one of the world 's largest concentrations of industrial assets .
narrated by actress joanna lumley , the 25-minute film uncovers the natural history of teesside — one of the world 's largest concentrations of industrial [skills] .

What was even more interesting was when he went on to say that he ‘ finds it unacceptable that member states continue to negotiate fifth freedom rights with third countries ( the ability to uplift and carry passengers onward to a third country ) as these should be considered Community assets ’ .
what was even more interesting was when he went on to say that he ‘ finds it unacceptable that member states continue to negotiate fifth freedom rights with third countries ( the ability to uplift and carry passengers onward to a third country ) as these should be considered community [skills] ’ .

So traffic rights are assets again — a sharp contrast to arguments expressed elsewhere .
so traffic rights are [skills] again — a sharp contrast to arguments expressed elsewhere .

It commenced activity from 1 October 1991 on the transfer , a gift from the Chartered Institute of Transport ( ‘ The Institute ’ ) of those assets which were wholly employed in activities of the Institute in the United Kingdom .
it commenced activity from 1 october 1991 on the transfer , a gift from the chartered institute of transport ( ‘ the institute ’ ) of those [skills] which were wholly employed in activities of the institute in the united kingdom .

The company bought the 1.88-acre site from the Commission for the New Towns , responsible for the sale of industrial and commercial assets of the former Skelmersdale Development Corporation .
the company bought the 1.88-acre site from the commission for the new towns , responsible for the sale of industrial and commercial [skills] of the former skelmersdale development corporation .

Insurers have told Mr Mr Lewis there is no point in civil action for damages because the youth has no assets and was not insured .
insurers have told mr mr lewis there is no point in civil action for damages because the youth has no [skills] and was not insured .

He said in a letter to MPs : ‘ Maxwell pensioners will be asking Parliament to bring this gnawing uncertainty to an end by calling on the Government to shoulder its responsibilities by guaranteeing their pensions and assuming full responsibility for the pursuit and recovery of all stolen assets . ’
he said in a letter to mps : ‘ maxwell pensioners will be asking parliament to bring this gnawing uncertainty to an end by calling on the government to shoulder its responsibilities by guaranteeing their pensions and assuming full responsibility for the pursuit and recovery of all stolen [skills] . ’

The exceptional costs incurred during the three months to June comprised £472m to cover 11,500 redundancies and £544m against writing down the value of assets .
the exceptional costs incurred during the three months to june comprised £472m to cover 11,500 redundancies and £544m against writing down the value of [skills] .

Human wealth is the source of income received from the sale of labour services , while non-human wealth is the source of all other incomes ( that is , incomes received from the ownership of all kinds of assets , like government bonds , company stocks and shares , and property ) .
human wealth is the source of income received from the sale of labour services , while non-human wealth is the source of all other incomes ( that is , incomes received from the ownership of all kinds of [skills] , like government bonds , company stocks and shares , and property ) .

The key word is ‘ generally ’ and its interpretation does leave some room for discussion as to exactly which assets should be included as money .
the key word is ‘ generally ’ and its interpretation does leave some room for discussion as to exactly which [skills] should be included as money .

It includes assets which could be converted with relative ease and without capital loss into spending on goods and services .
it includes [skills] which could be converted with relative ease and without capital loss into spending on goods and services .

As the real value of falls , wealth-holders are induced to switch to real assets , such as houses , cars and other consumer durables : this will exert upward pressure on prices of real assets and so make inflationary conditions worse .
as the real value of falls , wealth-holders are induced to switch to real [skills] , such as houses , cars and other consumer durables : this will exert upward pressure on prices of real [skills] and so make inflationary conditions worse .

The weekly return in Table 1 illustrates the Bank 's assets and liabilities : the division between the Issue Department and Banking Department is largely for historic reasons and has no real economic significance .
the weekly return in table 1 illustrates the bank 's [skills] and liabilities : the division between the issue department and banking department is largely for historic reasons and has no real economic significance .

They borrow short-term funds and use these funds to purchase higher yielding assets , such as Treasury Bills and commercial bills .
they borrow short-term funds and use these funds to purchase higher yielding [skills] , such as treasury bills and commercial bills .

As these funds are tied up in Treasury Bills , commercial bills and other assets , the houses may be forced to turn to the lender of last resort — the Bank of England .
as these funds are tied up in treasury bills , commercial bills and other [skills] , the houses may be forced to turn to the lender of last resort — the bank of england .

The discount houses ' main assets are shown for February 1989 in Table 2 .
the discount houses ' main [skills] are shown for february 1989 in table 2 .

Distribution of discount houses ' assets , February 1989 .
distribution of discount houses ' [skills] , february 1989 .

The retail commercial banks ' assets are illustrated in Table 3 .
the retail commercial banks ' [skills] are illustrated in table 3 .

Retail banks ' assets , December 1988 .
retail banks ' [skills] , december 1988 .

In managing their portfolios , the commercial banks have two aims that may conflict : first , they wish to maintain an adequate stock of liquid assets in case their cash reserves ratio comes under pressure ; secondly , they wish to earn a high rate of return on their assets in order to maximise their profits .
in managing their portfolios , the commercial banks have two aims that may conflict : first , they wish to maintain an adequate stock of liquid [skills] in case their cash reserves ratio comes under pressure ; secondly , they wish to earn a high rate of return on their [skills] in order to maximise their profits .

In general , then , a bank 's highest yielding assets tend to be illiquid — for example , a large proportion of advances to customers , though profitable , are illiquid ; similarly , equities are illiquid in that any attempt to sell a large amount of stock would depress stock prices and cause capital losses .
in general , then , a bank 's highest yielding [skills] tend to be illiquid — for example , a large proportion of advances to customers , though profitable , are illiquid ; similarly , equities are illiquid in that any attempt to sell a large amount of stock would depress stock prices and cause capital losses .

In pursuit of profits , banks wish to hold as small a proportion of their assets as possible in liquid form .
in pursuit of profits , banks wish to hold as small a proportion of their [skills] as possible in liquid form .

At the same time , financial prudence requires that they hold adequate cash and other liquid assets to meet customers ' demand for cash withdrawals .
at the same time , financial prudence requires that they hold adequate cash and other liquid [skills] to meet customers ' demand for cash withdrawals .

To reconcile this conflict , commercial prudence dictates that a bank operates an efficient portfolio of assets .
to reconcile this conflict , commercial prudence dictates that a bank operates an efficient portfolio of [skills] .

As shown in Table 3 , the most liquid end of the portfolio comprises non-profitable assets , such as till money ( notes and coins ) and operational balances at the Bank of England .
as shown in table 3 , the most liquid end of the portfolio comprises non-profitable [skills] , such as till money ( notes and coins ) and operational balances at the bank of england .

These are followed by other low-profit short-term liquid assets , such as ‘ call money ’ , Treasury Bills and trade bills , that ensure a constant stream of cash to meet customers ' demands for cash withdrawals .
these are followed by other low-profit short-term liquid [skills] , such as ‘ call money ’ , treasury bills and trade bills , that ensure a constant stream of cash to meet customers ' demands for cash withdrawals .

The least liquid end of the portfolio includes high-profit assets , such as loans to individuals and companies .
the least liquid end of the portfolio includes high-profit [skills] , such as loans to individuals and companies .

Such a portfolio may be illustrated by an inverted pyramid with the most liquid assets at the base , as shown in Fig .
such a portfolio may be illustrated by an inverted pyramid with the most liquid [skills] at the base , as shown in fig .

The assets are arranged in descending order of liquidity and ascending order of profitability .
the [skills] are arranged in descending order of liquidity and ascending order of profitability .

Note : The percentages are merely illustrative and exclude miscellaneous and other currency assets .
note : the percentages are merely illustrative and exclude miscellaneous and other currency [skills] .

Sterling assets of the retail banks .
sterling [skills] of the retail banks .

If they were previously operating at the desired ratio , the banks will now reduce their deposit liabilities , say , by calling in advances to their customers , by selling assets or by refusing to grant new advances .
if they were previously operating at the desired ratio , the banks will now reduce their deposit liabilities , say , by calling in advances to their customers , by selling [skills] or by refusing to grant new advances .

As special deposits are compulsory , by using them the Bank can be sure of reducing the banks ' liquid assets , and they are equivalent to an open-market sale , in that they reduce the banks ' ability to increase credit ( and hence the money supply ) .
as special deposits are compulsory , by using them the bank can be sure of reducing the banks ' liquid [skills] , and they are equivalent to an open-market sale , in that they reduce the banks ' ability to increase credit ( and hence the money supply ) .

The rate of interest is the opportunity cost of holding money : thus , if interest rates rise , consumers and firms may be tempted to reduce their precautionary holdings and hold interest-bearing assets instead .
the rate of interest is the opportunity cost of holding money : thus , if interest rates rise , consumers and firms may be tempted to reduce their precautionary holdings and hold interest-bearing [skills] instead .

More recent work has attempted to allow for the fact that holders of money balances may switch into a whole spectrum of assets , such as equities , trade bills and certificates of deposit .
more recent work has attempted to allow for the fact that holders of money balances may switch into a whole spectrum of [skills] , such as equities , trade bills and certificates of deposit .

In this theory , money is seen as just one of a number of ways in which wealth can be held , along with all kinds of financial assets , consumer durables , property and ‘ human wealth ’ .
in this theory , money is seen as just one of a number of ways in which wealth can be held , along with all kinds of financial [skills] , consumer durables , property and ‘ human wealth ’ .

The higher is the rate of inflation , the greater is the negative return from holding money and the more attractive are the alternative interest-bearing assets .
the higher is the rate of inflation , the greater is the negative return from holding money and the more attractive are the alternative interest-bearing [skills] .

They will attempt to adjust their portfolios by spending their excess money balances on a wide range of assets , financial and real .
they will attempt to adjust their portfolios by spending their excess money balances on a wide range of [skills] , financial and real .

In the monetarist case , wealth holders attempt to spend their excess money balances on all types of assets , including physical goods .
in the monetarist case , wealth holders attempt to spend their excess money balances on all types of [skills] , including physical goods .

Since a rise in interest rates means a fall in the values of financial assets , this further depresses total real expenditure via the wealth effect .
since a rise in interest rates means a fall in the values of financial [skills] , this further depresses total real expenditure via the wealth effect .

( The wealth effect may be defined as the change in spending on goods and services which results from a change in the real value of financial assets . )
( the wealth effect may be defined as the change in spending on goods and services which results from a change in the real value of financial [skills] . )

To monetarists , all assets are close substitutes for one another .
to monetarists , all [skills] are close substitutes for one another .

So when interest rates rise , this induces wealth-holders to substitute financial assets ( such as bonds and deposits ) for real assets at the margin .
so when interest rates rise , this induces wealth-holders to substitute financial [skills] ( such as bonds and deposits ) for real [skills] at the margin .

Mr Banks said : ‘ In a chain such as this Courtelle 's distinctive brand and its colour service have to be managed as transnational assets .
mr banks said : ‘ in a chain such as this courtelle 's distinctive brand and its colour service have to be managed as transnational [skills] .

Licensing avoids the danger of the firm 's overseas assets being expropriated and , in some situations , repatriation of profits is sometimes difficult for a manufacturing subsidiary .
licensing avoids the danger of the firm 's overseas [skills] being expropriated and , in some situations , repatriation of profits is sometimes difficult for a manufacturing subsidiary .

An alert , calm state of mind which remains unruffled may already be one of your assets .
an alert , calm state of mind which remains unruffled may already be one of your [skills] .

This season his form was confirmed , appropriately enough , against Neath at the Gnoll , where he demonstrated his main assets of speed off the mark and eye for an opening .
this season his form was confirmed , appropriately enough , against neath at the gnoll , where he demonstrated his main [skills] of speed off the mark and eye for an opening .

Today , Amstrad shares have dropped from their peak of £2.34 to just 28p — less than half what its assets are valued at .
today , amstrad shares have dropped from their peak of £2.34 to just 28p — less than half what its [skills] are valued at .

The Queen is worth only £100 million after state assets are deducted from the Crown 's £5 billion fortune , according to Business Age magazine .
the queen is worth only £100 million after state [skills] are deducted from the crown 's £5 billion fortune , according to business age magazine .

Fifty year-old Mr Bowes-Lyon — the family name of the Queen Mother — has had assets , including a luxury apartment in Piccadilly , seized by the Official Receiver .
fifty year-old mr bowes-lyon — the family name of the queen mother — has had [skills] , including a luxury apartment in piccadilly , seized by the official receiver .

‘ These people ca n't sell their homes because of the recession , so they ca n't separate and split their assets .
‘ these people ca n't sell their homes because of the recession , so they ca n't separate and split their [skills] .

But Foundation director Stelios Papadimitriou alleged : ‘ He claims the right to manage all the Onassis assets , something we strongly dispute . ’
but foundation director stelios papadimitriou alleged : ‘ he claims the right to manage all the onassis [skills] , something we strongly dispute . ’

‘ All of my property and assets are seized , including my home . ’
‘ all of my property and [skills] are seized , including my home . ’

Holidaymakers who paid by Access or Visa can claim a refund after Land Travel/ Friendly Holidays of Bath crashed on Friday with no assets or insurance .
holidaymakers who paid by access or visa can claim a refund after land travel/ friendly holidays of bath crashed on friday with no [skills] or insurance .

With her was her bit on the side , one John Bryan , a financial wizard , all the way from Texas , who spent much time in close proximity , valuing her assets .
with her was her bit on the side , one john bryan , a financial wizard , all the way from texas , who spent much time in close proximity , valuing her [skills] .

It included a target of £150,000 from the National Union of Mineworkers , even though it had emerged penniless from the strike in 1985 , with its assets in the hands of the sequestrators .
it included a target of £150,000 from the national union of mineworkers , even though it had emerged penniless from the strike in 1985 , with its [skills] in the hands of the sequestrators .

There are opportunities ahead where your intelligence and natural assets will be tested to the extreme .
there are opportunities ahead where your intelligence and natural [skills] will be tested to the extreme .

Much of this expenditure has been funded by loans from parishes which have contributed £1,514,000 over the four years , leaving almost £1,700,000 to be funded from diocesan resources — in other words , the disposal of assets .
much of this expenditure has been funded by loans from parishes which have contributed £1,514,000 over the four years , leaving almost £1,700,000 to be funded from diocesan resources — in other words , the disposal of [skills] .

Health Optimism and positive thinking are your greatest assets in keeping fit and well .
health optimism and positive thinking are your greatest [skills] in keeping fit and well .

You 'll find it 's a terrible bore ’ — he began a systematic investigation of the de Chavigny empire : the jewellery company , its workshops and showrooms in Europe and America ; the estates and vineyards in the Loire and in Algeria ; the stockholdings ; the capital assets ; the property the Baron had retained in France and abroad .
you 'll find it 's a terrible bore ’ — he began a systematic investigation of the de chavigny empire : the jewellery company , its workshops and showrooms in europe and america ; the estates and vineyards in the loire and in algeria ; the stockholdings ; the capital [skills] ; the property the baron had retained in france and abroad .

He did not doubt for an instant that once he explained things to his brother , once he made him see what assets were available and how they could be used , Jean-Paul would rise from his lethargy and be as engaged , as excited , and as determined , as Edouard .
he did not doubt for an instant that once he explained things to his brother , once he made him see what [skills] were available and how they could be used , jean-paul would rise from his lethargy and be as engaged , as excited , and as determined , as edouard .

One of the greatest assets of our educational arrangements is the freedom of schools to respond to differing circumstances in their localities and to encourage the enterprise and strength of their teachers .
one of the greatest [skills] of our educational arrangements is the freedom of schools to respond to differing circumstances in their localities and to encourage the enterprise and strength of their teachers .

It continues to place strong emphasis on tight cost controls and has seen net assets rise 14 % to £26.9m .
it continues to place strong emphasis on tight cost controls and has seen net [skills] rise 14 % to £26.9m .

Impact Systems Inc saw third quarter net up 93.5 % at $ 120,000 , on turnover down 13.7 % at $ 3.4m ; net profit for the nine months stood at $ 302,000 against losses of $ 8m last time , after $ 6.8m charges related to the write-off of assets and restructuring , on turnover that fell 13.4 % to $ 11.3m .
impact systems inc saw third quarter net up 93.5 % at $ 120,000 , on turnover down 13.7 % at $ 3.4m ; net profit for the nine months stood at $ 302,000 against losses of $ 8m last time , after $ 6.8m charges related to the write-off of [skills] and restructuring , on turnover that fell 13.4 % to $ 11.3m .

The Hull-based group spent £220,000 on acquiring the business and assets of £600,000 turnover computer maintenance company , Novar , in September for £220,000 .
the hull-based group spent £220,000 on acquiring the business and [skills] of £600,000 turnover computer maintenance company , novar , in september for £220,000 .

Davox Corp has reported fourth quarter net profits of $ 62,631 against losses of $ 4.8m last time , after $ 5m from the write-down of assets , on turnover down 8.8 % at $ 8.5m ; net losses for the year to December 31 stood at $ 3.5m down from losses of $ 7.5m last time , on turnover that fell 5.7 % to $ 30.6m .
davox corp has reported fourth quarter net profits of $ 62,631 against losses of $ 4.8m last time , after $ 5m from the write-down of [skills] , on turnover down 8.8 % at $ 8.5m ; net losses for the year to december 31 stood at $ 3.5m down from losses of $ 7.5m last time , on turnover that fell 5.7 % to $ 30.6m .

Teleglobe Inc saw fourth quarter net profits up 50 % at $ 14.1m , on turnover up 11 % at $ 111.9m ; net losses for the year to December 31 stood at $ 39.7m , after $ 71.5m charges related to restructuring and the write-down of assets , against profits of $ 20.2m , on turnover that rose 11.6 % to $ 383.2m .
teleglobe inc saw fourth quarter net profits up 50 % at $ 14.1m , on turnover up 11 % at $ 111.9m ; net losses for the year to december 31 stood at $ 39.7m , after $ 71.5m charges related to restructuring and the write-down of [skills] , against profits of $ 20.2m , on turnover that rose 11.6 % to $ 383.2m .

War losses , the physical rundown of assets and the reduced capacity of the economy to generate savings and investment , all played their part .
war losses , the physical rundown of [skills] and the reduced capacity of the economy to generate savings and investment , all played their part .

For example , Britain lost just over one-third of her shipping tonnage ; pre-war overseas income had paid for one-quarter of imports , whereas , during the war one-quarter of overseas assets had been disposed of and other substantial assets were put out of commission ( such as plantations in the Far East ) .
for example , britain lost just over one-third of her shipping tonnage ; pre-war overseas income had paid for one-quarter of imports , whereas , during the war one-quarter of overseas [skills] had been disposed of and other substantial [skills] were put out of commission ( such as plantations in the far east ) .

This differential amounted to a direct incentive to takeovers by means of share exchange or the use of undistributed profits , especially where the acquired company possessed capital assets which were undervalued in its balance sheet .
this differential amounted to a direct incentive to takeovers by means of share exchange or the use of undistributed profits , especially where the acquired company possessed capital [skills] which were undervalued in its balance sheet .

In the 1950s , property assets were a major target and the boom in mergers was directly linked with the sharp upward movement in property prices .
in the 1950s , property [skills] were a major target and the boom in mergers was directly linked with the sharp upward movement in property prices .

Balance of payments crises were registered through the balance of short-term assets and liabilities ; and a number of critics , then as now , fastened on the level of overseas military expenditure which in international terms was disproportionately high in relation to national income .
balance of payments crises were registered through the balance of short-term [skills] and liabilities ; and a number of critics , then as now , fastened on the level of overseas military expenditure which in international terms was disproportionately high in relation to national income .

Devices such as internal pricing made it relatively easy for international companies to disguise the transmission of funds in or out of the country , quite apart from the purely technical problem of valuing overseas assets .
devices such as internal pricing made it relatively easy for international companies to disguise the transmission of funds in or out of the country , quite apart from the purely technical problem of valuing overseas [skills] .

Wang Laboratories Inc has reported a third quarter net loss of $87.2m after restructuring charges of $75.8m , up from a loss last time of $6.3m , which was after a pre-tax gain of $29.4m from sale of assets , on turnover down 36.1% at $294.8m ; net loss for the nine months was $153.4m , up from a loss last time of $22.9m , on sales off 29.2% at $1,006m .
wang laboratories inc has reported a third quarter net loss of $87.2m after restructuring charges of $75.8m , up from a loss last time of $6.3m , which was after a pre-tax gain of $29.4m from sale of [skills] , on turnover down 36.1% at $294.8m ; net loss for the nine months was $153.4m , up from a loss last time of $22.9m , on sales off 29.2% at $1,006m .

Pronet Inc has turned in fourth quarter net profits down 34.1 % at $ 403,829 , after $ 2,166 gains on the sale of assets this time and $ $ 176,131 gains last time , on turnover that rose 6.9 % to $ 4.8m ; net profit for the year to December 31 was up 33.7 % at $ 1.7m , after $ 108,908 gains from the sale of assets , on turnover that rose 4.7 % to $ 18.8m .
pronet inc has turned in fourth quarter net profits down 34.1 % at $ 403,829 , after $ 2,166 gains on the sale of [skills] this time and $ $ 176,131 gains last time , on turnover that rose 6.9 % to $ 4.8m ; net profit for the year to december 31 was up 33.7 % at $ 1.7m , after $ 108,908 gains from the sale of [skills] , on turnover that rose 4.7 % to $ 18.8m .

And its balance sheet is looking healthy , with net assets standing at £7.1m .
and its balance sheet is looking healthy , with net [skills] standing at £7.1m .

Century Telephone Enterprise Inc has reported fourth quarter net profits down 63.3 % at $ 4.5m , after $ 2m gains from the sale of assets and properties and $ 15.7m charges from the cumulative effect of an accounting change this time , on turnover up 34.5 % at $ 100.6m ; net profit for the year to December 31 was up 18.4 % at $ 44.3m , after $ 2.6m gains from the sale of assets and properties , on turnover that rose 27 % to $ 356.8m .
century telephone enterprise inc has reported fourth quarter net profits down 63.3 % at $ 4.5m , after $ 2m gains from the sale of [skills] and properties and $ 15.7m charges from the cumulative effect of an accounting change this time , on turnover up 34.5 % at $ 100.6m ; net profit for the year to december 31 was up 18.4 % at $ 44.3m , after $ 2.6m gains from the sale of [skills] and properties , on turnover that rose 27 % to $ 356.8m .

Data-Design Laboratories Inc has reported second quarter net profits of $ 4.5m against losses of $ 15.5m last time , after $ 163,000 gains from the sale of assets and $ 5.8m gains from payment of debt this time and $ 11.6m restructuring charges and $ 296,000 losses from discontinued operations last time , on turnover down 4.7 % at $ 13.1m ; mid-term net amounted to $ 2.9m against losses of $ 19.6m last time , on sales down 17.9 % at $ 26.2m .
data-design laboratories inc has reported second quarter net profits of $ 4.5m against losses of $ 15.5m last time , after $ 163,000 gains from the sale of [skills] and $ 5.8m gains from payment of debt this time and $ 11.6m restructuring charges and $ 296,000 losses from discontinued operations last time , on turnover down 4.7 % at $ 13.1m ; mid-term net amounted to $ 2.9m against losses of $ 19.6m last time , on sales down 17.9 % at $ 26.2m .

Williams Cos saw first quarter net up 218 % at $ 5.4m , after $ 95.4m pre-tax gains from the sale of assets this time and $ 14.6m gains last time , on sales up 26 % to $ 751m .
williams cos saw first quarter net up 218 % at $ 5.4m , after $ 95.4m pre-tax gains from the sale of [skills] this time and $ 14.6m gains last time , on sales up 26 % to $ 751m .

• value the assets you are protecting
• value the [skills] you are protecting

— Assets — Risk — Important principles — The concept of insurance ; utility theory — Whose problem is it
— [skills] — risk — important principles — the concept of insurance ; utility theory — whose problem is it

We can even take charge of your entire logistics function , so you can redeploy assets , gain flexibility , reduce risk .
we can even take charge of your entire logistics function , so you can redeploy [skills] , gain flexibility , reduce risk .

Backed by $ 9 billion in assets , Enron Corp. operates America 's largest natural gas transmission system and markets gas and liquid fuels worldwide .
backed by $ 9 billion in [skills] , enron corp. operates america 's largest natural gas transmission system and markets gas and liquid fuels worldwide .

In fact you can participate in practically every major investment opportunity in quoted financial assets around the world by being under our umbrella .
in fact you can participate in practically every major investment opportunity in quoted financial [skills] around the world by being under our umbrella .

‘ The Company has continued its record of impressive growth both in terms of assets under management and new business secured , ’ said Norman Lessels in his Chairman 's Statement .
‘ the company has continued its record of impressive growth both in terms of [skills] under management and new business secured , ’ said norman lessels in his chairman 's statement .

Total Group assets under management increased over the year by almost £5 billion , and now amount to some £20.2 billion .
total group [skills] under management increased over the year by almost £5 billion , and now amount to some £20.2 billion .

The Company continued its policy of favouring equity-type assets .
the company continued its policy of favouring equity-type [skills] .

Well over £2 billion has been invested in such assets since the stock market collapse in October 1987 .
well over £2 billion has been invested in such [skills] since the stock market collapse in october 1987 .

We may be one of the country 's leading consumer banks with group assets excess of £1 billion but we do n't ask you to pay for expensive overheads like High Street branches .
we may be one of the country 's leading consumer banks with group [skills] excess of £1 billion but we do n't ask you to pay for expensive overheads like high street branches .

It has also been planned with the understanding that people are among the most valuable assets that any firm or corporation has .
it has also been planned with the understanding that people are among the most valuable [skills] that any firm or corporation has .

From 1989-90 to 1993-94 , reserves are forecast to increase by just £7m , of which £4m comes from capital revenue ( ie , disposal of assets ) .
from 1989-90 to 1993-94 , reserves are forecast to increase by just £7m , of which £4m comes from capital revenue ( ie , disposal of [skills] ) .

He died in 1837 and left all his assets to his nephew , who was very extravagant .
he died in 1837 and left all his [skills] to his nephew , who was very extravagant .

We can not do that , however , without challenging an economic orthodoxy of which the Tories are the natural custodians — that always gives priority to the short-term interests of the minority who hold and deal in assets , as opposed to those who live and work ( or want to work ) .
we can not do that , however , without challenging an economic orthodoxy of which the tories are the natural custodians — that always gives priority to the short-term interests of the minority who hold and deal in [skills] , as opposed to those who live and work ( or want to work ) .

Some still retained private property as is evidenced by the fact that they met in private houses and that they would sell their assets if people were seen to be in need .
some still retained private property as is evidenced by the fact that they met in private houses and that they would sell their [skills] if people were seen to be in need .

the three-key decision ( a ) between work and leisure ; ( b ) between consumption , saving and giving ; and ( c ) between accumulating and selling assets was not to be influenced by personal consumption and gain .
the three-key decision ( a ) between work and leisure ; ( b ) between consumption , saving and giving ; and ( c ) between accumulating and selling [skills] was not to be influenced by personal consumption and gain .

Liability to capital gains tax arises where a chargeable gain is made on the disposal of company assets .
liability to capital gains tax arises where a chargeable gain is made on the disposal of company [skills] .

The term ‘ assets ’ refers to virtually all forms of property , including stocks and shares , land and buildings .
the term ‘ [skills] ’ refers to virtually all forms of property , including stocks and shares , land and buildings .

This is a tax which affects the disposition of assets on death .
this is a tax which affects the disposition of [skills] on death .

Inheritance tax applies to the total value of the deceased 's assets , so the directors of a haulage company need to be aware of the tax bite on their highly prized commercial wealth .
inheritance tax applies to the total value of the deceased 's [skills] , so the directors of a haulage company need to be aware of the tax bite on their highly prized commercial wealth .

As the managing director had held this controlling shareholding interest for at least two years , it attracted business assets relief of 50 per cent .
as the managing director had held this controlling shareholding interest for at least two years , it attracted business [skills] relief of 50 per cent .

Had it been the director with a retained shareholding of 30 shares who had died on 31 December 1986 , his estate too would have had the benefit of business assets relief , but at a lower percentage deduction .
had it been the director with a retained shareholding of 30 shares who had died on 31 december 1986 , his estate too would have had the benefit of business [skills] relief , but at a lower percentage deduction .

It is a charge on a class of assets both present and future .
it is a charge on a class of [skills] both present and future .

These assets change from time to time in the ordinary course of business .
these [skills] change from time to time in the ordinary course of business .

The haulier should make sure that his company secretary keeps a proper record of debentures showing full particulars of company assets charged on the company 's register .
the haulier should make sure that his company secretary keeps a proper record of debentures showing full particulars of company [skills] charged on the company 's register .

with a fee of £2.30 to the under sheriff for the county in which the writ is to be executed — that is , the county in which the defendant 's assets which are to be seized are situated .
with a fee of £2.30 to the under sheriff for the county in which the writ is to be executed — that is , the county in which the defendant 's [skills] which are to be seized are situated .

It is important to give the under sheriff as much information as possible about the debtor and any assets he may have , in the letter accompanying the writ of fi .
it is important to give the under sheriff as much information as possible about the debtor and any [skills] he may have , in the letter accompanying the writ of fi .

If it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that the value of the company 's assets is less than the amount of its liabilities , taking into account its contingent and prospective liabilities ( Section 123(2) ) .
if it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that the value of the company 's [skills] is less than the amount of its liabilities , taking into account its contingent and prospective liabilities ( section 123(2) ) .

Be as clear and concise as you can , not concealing your shortcomings ( age , time spent away from the work-place , and so on ) but equally making the most of your qualifications , experience and other assets .
be as clear and concise as you can , not concealing your shortcomings ( age , time spent away from the work-place , and so on ) but equally making the most of your qualifications , experience and other [skills] .

It shows in the clearness of our skin , the brightness of our eyes and the shine of our hair — assets that become more and more valuable when you no longer have the simple attraction of youth on your side .
it shows in the clearness of our skin , the brightness of our eyes and the shine of our hair — [skills] that become more and more valuable when you no longer have the simple attraction of youth on your side .

Each also submits details of closing assets and liabilities to Davenport for incorporation in the company 's final accounts , which are given , with the Royal Oak 's figures , later .
each also submits details of closing [skills] and liabilities to davenport for incorporation in the company 's final accounts , which are given , with the royal oak 's figures , later .

Goodwill , which arises where the cost of acquiring subsidiary companies exceeds the net assets taken over , is written off directly to reserves .
goodwill , which arises where the cost of acquiring subsidiary companies exceeds the net [skills] taken over , is written off directly to reserves .

Net assets are incorporated at their fair values .
net [skills] are incorporated at their fair values .

Other assets , with the exception of motor vehicles , are depreciated on a straight line basis from the beginning of the year following purchase .
other [skills] , with the exception of motor vehicles , are depreciated on a straight line basis from the beginning of the year following purchase .

The periods over which assets are depreciated are as follows :
the periods over which [skills] are depreciated are as follows :

11 . Tangible Assets
11 . tangible [skills]

Investment analysts who reviewed brewery balance sheets during the 1950s tended to add 80–100 % to the book value of the assets , which usually raised their value to considerably in excess of the current market price .
investment analysts who reviewed brewery balance sheets during the 1950s tended to add 80–100 % to the book value of the [skills] , which usually raised their value to considerably in excess of the current market price .

But the share price of some regional brewers does not fully reflect these assets .
but the share price of some regional brewers does not fully reflect these [skills] .

That is no concern of yours : you already own the assets which Anglo-Welsh want so much .
that is no concern of yours : you already own the [skills] which anglo-welsh want so much .

What they are trying to buy are assets which can best be developed by Palatine itself , including some which can only be developed by Palatine as an independent brewery .
what they are trying to buy are [skills] which can best be developed by palatine itself , including some which can only be developed by palatine as an independent brewery .

However , if bankruptcy is decided a trustee will be appointed to sell the debtor 's assets and distribute the proceeds among his creditors .
however , if bankruptcy is decided a trustee will be appointed to sell the debtor 's [skills] and distribute the proceeds among his creditors .

The ploughback of profits for replacement of fixed assets , carrying more debtors , increased stock requirements or more working capital , is basic to almost every business .
the ploughback of profits for replacement of fixed [skills] , carrying more debtors , increased stock requirements or more working capital , is basic to almost every business .

If your guarantor has no money or assets you are going to be no better off .
if your guarantor has no money or [skills] you are going to be no better off .

Companies are liable to the full extent of their assets for any guarantees signed in their name .
companies are liable to the full extent of their [skills] for any guarantees signed in their name .

The liquidator 's main task is then to sell the company 's assets and distribute the proceeds to creditors under the court 's supervision .
the liquidator 's main task is then to sell the company 's [skills] and distribute the proceeds to creditors under the court 's supervision .

This involves registering a legal charge , like a mortgage , against any assets known to be owned by your debtor .
this involves registering a legal charge , like a mortgage , against any [skills] known to be owned by your debtor .

You then request the court to order the sale of the assets so you can recover your debt .
you then request the court to order the sale of the [skills] so you can recover your debt .

Finally , if enforcement is not working because no assets can be found , you can arrange for your debtor to attend court for an oral examination as to his financial situation .
finally , if enforcement is not working because no [skills] can be found , you can arrange for your debtor to attend court for an oral examination as to his financial situation .

This is done under oath and may reveal the whereabouts of previously secreted assets .
this is done under oath and may reveal the whereabouts of previously secreted [skills] .

So if your debtor has insufficient assets to pay you when judgement is given , all may not be lost .
so if your debtor has insufficient [skills] to pay you when judgement is given , all may not be lost .

It is simply a method of inhibiting or stopping your debtor from cashing in his assets and putting them out of your reach before you have had a chance to recover what is owed to you .
it is simply a method of inhibiting or stopping your debtor from cashing in his [skills] and putting them out of your reach before you have had a chance to recover what is owed to you .

The reason creditors agree to such arrangements is to give their debtor time to sell assets , usually his stock , without the pressure of a forced sale and so realise a maximum rather than a minimum amount for the benefit of all involved .
the reason creditors agree to such arrangements is to give their debtor time to sell [skills] , usually his stock , without the pressure of a forced sale and so realise a maximum rather than a minimum amount for the benefit of all involved .

The receiver 's job is to safeguard the creditor 's security , and to sell sufficient of the charged assets to pay off the secured debt .
the receiver 's job is to safeguard the creditor 's security , and to sell sufficient of the charged [skills] to pay off the secured debt .

Once this has been done the receiver 's job is finished and the remaining assets will revert to their owners or to less fortunate unsecured creditors .
once this has been done the receiver 's job is finished and the remaining [skills] will revert to their owners or to less fortunate unsecured creditors .

Nor can they do anything about his methods of selling the assets which have been charged .
nor can they do anything about his methods of selling the [skills] which have been charged .

It is not unusual for a receiver to continue to run a business while he is selling off the charged assets and in doing so to purchase goods on credit .
it is not unusual for a receiver to continue to run a business while he is selling off the charged [skills] and in doing so to purchase goods on credit .

But with most businesses having something like 40 per cent of their current assets and around 25 per cent of their total assets tied up in monies owing from trade debtors ( ie , the ones that can be converted into cash to pay their bills and wages ) this is far from ideal .
but with most businesses having something like 40 per cent of their current [skills] and around 25 per cent of their total [skills] tied up in monies owing from trade debtors ( ie , the ones that can be converted into cash to pay their bills and wages ) this is far from ideal .

He knew that he still had certain assets on which he could raise cash .
he knew that he still had certain [skills] on which he could raise cash .

Another Stapler lived in the tiny Buckinghamshire village of Hogshaw , but his assets , totalling £300 , were exceptional for a country district ; he ranked as a gentleman and was a justice of the peace .
another stapler lived in the tiny buckinghamshire village of hogshaw , but his [skills] , totalling £300 , were exceptional for a country district ; he ranked as a gentleman and was a justice of the peace .

This netting of his assets doubtless conceals the fact that , like any businessman , he in turn had extensive liabilities , making him the centre of a complex web of credit , the effects of which had to be reckoned with .
this netting of his [skills] doubtless conceals the fact that , like any businessman , he in turn had extensive liabilities , making him the centre of a complex web of credit , the effects of which had to be reckoned with .

Spring 's vast fortune comprised upwards of 40 per cent of the combined assets of the Babergh clothiers .
spring 's vast fortune comprised upwards of 40 per cent of the combined [skills] of the babergh clothiers .

In the end it was overtaken by the advent of the ‘ New Draperies ’ , but the downward trend had set in well before the establishment of these in East Anglia ; indeed , in the event they came to replace the contracting broadcloth manufacture which , even as early as 1523 , had shown signs of instability : it was symptomatic of recession that no less than 35 per cent of Spring 's liquid assets had to be written off as irrecoverable , and the winding up of his affairs can not but have dealt its prosperity a mortal blow .
in the end it was overtaken by the advent of the ‘ new draperies ’ , but the downward trend had set in well before the establishment of these in east anglia ; indeed , in the event they came to replace the contracting broadcloth manufacture which , even as early as 1523 , had shown signs of instability : it was symptomatic of recession that no less than 35 per cent of spring 's liquid [skills] had to be written off as irrecoverable , and the winding up of his affairs can not but have dealt its prosperity a mortal blow .

Coventry possessed two big ones with assets totalling £321 , while the little village of Burnham Sutton , Norfolk , had no fewer than four , though they could scrape together only £11 .
coventry possessed two big ones with [skills] totalling £321 , while the little village of burnham sutton , norfolk , had no fewer than four , though they could scrape together only £11 .

Bank deposit account assets
bank deposit account [skills]

The following assets are not subject to capital gains tax and do not count towards the £5,800 profits you are allowed to make :
the following [skills] are not subject to capital gains tax and do not count towards the £5,800 profits you are allowed to make :

You only escape tax if you are domiciled ( as opposed to resident ) overseas and if all your assets are also overseas .
you only escape tax if you are domiciled ( as opposed to resident ) overseas and if all your [skills] are also overseas .

On balance , Soviet liabilities would seem to be a match for these assets .
on balance , soviet liabilities would seem to be a match for these [skills] .

Each of these assets has over the fullness of time authored its own particular problems and dilemmas .
each of these [skills] has over the fullness of time authored its own particular problems and dilemmas .

Characteristics such as a strongly independent spirit , a generosity of personality , and an appreciative warmth are assets .
characteristics such as a strongly independent spirit , a generosity of personality , and an appreciative warmth are [skills] .

Admission to any form of residential care whether private , voluntary or local authority will probably require a careful review of assets , savings and income .
admission to any form of residential care whether private , voluntary or local authority will probably require a careful review of [skills] , savings and income .

Financial abuse is the exploitation of the elderly person 's assets .
financial abuse is the exploitation of the elderly person 's [skills] .

Negotiation might take place about the kind of assets to be taken into account in making the assessment .
negotiation might take place about the kind of [skills] to be taken into account in making the assessment .

When those assets are sold , the owners avoid capital gains tax of 40 per cent , says a report in the specialist Business Age magazine .
when those [skills] are sold , the owners avoid capital gains tax of 40 per cent , says a report in the specialist business age magazine .

The Queen reportedly earns more than £6 million a year from her £6.5 billion assets .
the queen reportedly earns more than £6 million a year from her £6.5 billion [skills] .

Hanson has been built up into one of Britain 's leading companies over a period of twenty years based on an acquisition philosophy which involves a reduction in the acquired company 's bureaucracy , devolution of responsibility to local managers , a tight control of capital expenditure and a disposal of some of the peripheral assets which are not part of the company 's ‘ core activities ’ .
hanson has been built up into one of britain 's leading companies over a period of twenty years based on an acquisition philosophy which involves a reduction in the acquired company 's bureaucracy , devolution of responsibility to local managers , a tight control of capital expenditure and a disposal of some of the peripheral [skills] which are not part of the company 's ‘ core activities ’ .

On the day ( 19 September 1986 ) that Hanson sold Courage to Elders , the Financial Times leader ‘ Reshuffling of Assets ’ ( part of which is reproduced below ) provided an interesting view of the company , which helps one to consider the effect of such conglomerates on the economy as a whole .
on the day ( 19 september 1986 ) that hanson sold courage to elders , the financial times leader ‘ reshuffling of [skills] ’ ( part of which is reproduced below ) provided an interesting view of the company , which helps one to consider the effect of such conglomerates on the economy as a whole .

It is an industrial company , managing certain assets , and it is a trader in companies , redistributing assets from one owner to another .
it is an industrial company , managing certain [skills] , and it is a trader in companies , redistributing [skills] from one owner to another .

( In fact the benefits of competition could be gained without the private sector acquiring public sector assets , ie competition could be created between different parts of the public sector . )
( in fact the benefits of competition could be gained without the private sector acquiring public sector [skills] , ie competition could be created between different parts of the public sector . )

The most prominent aspect of privatisation , as practised by the Conservative government , has been the transfer of ownership of assets from the public sector to the private sector ( as in definition 1 ) , and it is the arguments for this that are now considered .
the most prominent aspect of privatisation , as practised by the conservative government , has been the transfer of ownership of [skills] from the public sector to the private sector ( as in definition 1 ) , and it is the arguments for this that are now considered .

Critics of privatisation extend their concern about the government 's accounting procedures , seen as a ‘ cooking of the books ’ , to the whole principle of selling assets ( ie capital ) to finance current spending .
critics of privatisation extend their concern about the government 's accounting procedures , seen as a ‘ cooking of the books ’ , to the whole principle of selling [skills] ( ie capital ) to finance current spending .

This concern was voiced most publicly in November 1985 by Lord Stockton , the former Conservative Prime Minister , Harold Macmillan , who complained that selling off state assets was similar to a family ‘ selling off its silver ’ , and questioned what would happen when none was left .
this concern was voiced most publicly in november 1985 by lord stockton , the former conservative prime minister , harold macmillan , who complained that selling off state [skills] was similar to a family ‘ selling off its silver ’ , and questioned what would happen when none was left .

The reality is that both public and private sector companies are part of the nation 's assets … .
the reality is that both public and private sector companies are part of the nation 's [skills] … .

The plan was to sell £2 billion of assets per annum , but , as a result of the success of the British Telecom privatisation of December 1984 , the figure to be raised was more than doubled ( to £4.75 billion per annum ) — by this time the revenue-raising implications of privatisation had become more apparent .
the plan was to sell £2 billion of [skills] per annum , but , as a result of the success of the british telecom privatisation of december 1984 , the figure to be raised was more than doubled ( to £4.75 billion per annum ) — by this time the revenue-raising implications of privatisation had become more apparent .

It is hard to put a value on a company which has large assets and turnover , but which is barely profitable , and it could be that BAe found the price it had to pay for Rover just too good to refuse .
it is hard to put a value on a company which has large [skills] and turnover , but which is barely profitable , and it could be that bae found the price it had to pay for rover just too good to refuse .

Often capital gains from unproductive assets have been easier to come by than profit from investment or from working .
often capital gains from unproductive [skills] have been easier to come by than profit from investment or from working .

It will cover anything from sudden nationalisation to just being deprived of the use of their assets , or a block on repatriating dividends .
it will cover anything from sudden nationalisation to just being deprived of the use of their [skills] , or a block on repatriating dividends .

Otherwise it might decide to nationalise the foreign firm 's assets on its soil knowing that the company will just be able to claim the compensation anyway .
otherwise it might decide to nationalise the foreign firm 's [skills] on its soil knowing that the company will just be able to claim the compensation anyway .

Net assets are now put at £16.2m , but boss Yashar Turgut says the loss ‘ will have no material effect on profits . ’
net [skills] are now put at £16.2m , but boss yashar turgut says the loss ‘ will have no material effect on profits . ’

It was n't so much the cash , although there was plenty of that ; it was the security boxes that had afforded the biggest haul , the accumulated assets , in gold and precious stones , of hundreds of Americans in England .
it was n't so much the cash , although there was plenty of that ; it was the security boxes that had afforded the biggest haul , the accumulated [skills] , in gold and precious stones , of hundreds of americans in england .

That positive attitude is another of Ian 's great assets .
that positive attitude is another of ian 's great [skills] .

So what liquid assets do you have available ?
so what liquid [skills] do you have available ?

Certainly this is a month when your material assets are under transformational stars .
certainly this is a month when your material [skills] are under transformational stars .

There are 16 of these guaranteed equity investments but financial advisers Pall Mall Money Management and Brooks Macdonald Gayer will each send a free guide to help Assets readers pick the best .
there are 16 of these guaranteed equity investments but financial advisers pall mall money management and brooks macdonald gayer will each send a free guide to help [skills] readers pick the best .

But independent adviser David Aaron is offering to top that up to 10 per cent for the next year for any Assets reader who invests through him before December 31 ( Phone 0908 281544 for details ) .
but independent adviser david aaron is offering to top that up to 10 per cent for the next year for any [skills] reader who invests through him before december 31 ( phone 0908 281544 for details ) .

First , reminiscence highlights older people 's assets rather than their disabilities .
first , reminiscence highlights older people 's [skills] rather than their disabilities .

An insider on the set said : ‘ You can bet there was a hefty accident bonus written into her contract — just in case she landed squarely on her assets and permanently damaged the goods . ’
an insider on the set said : ‘ you can bet there was a hefty accident bonus written into her contract — just in case she landed squarely on her [skills] and permanently damaged the goods . ’

The full moon on the 9th hones in on finances and security issues and indicates that you must be protective of your assets and able to confront others with their part in your current state of affairs .
the full moon on the 9th hones in on finances and security issues and indicates that you must be protective of your [skills] and able to confront others with their part in your current state of affairs .

But even for those who do n't have the assets of a Monroe or Mansfield , underwiring on both bikinis and swimsuits underlines the bust while added volume is created using ruched material on cups .
but even for those who do n't have the [skills] of a monroe or mansfield , underwiring on both bikinis and swimsuits underlines the bust while added volume is created using ruched material on cups .

Mid-September could produce an amazing boost to your material assets , but tread carefully in June , July and October .
mid-september could produce an amazing boost to your material [skills] , but tread carefully in june , july and october .

David Hirst and Chris Waddle recently attracted offers totalling £6.5m — swiftly rejected by directors who have the assets to justify further investment .
david hirst and chris waddle recently attracted offers totalling £6.5m — swiftly rejected by directors who have the [skills] to justify further investment .

Under the agreement with creditors , they have three years to realise the firm 's assets and pay back as much of the debt as possible .
under the agreement with creditors , they have three years to realise the firm 's [skills] and pay back as much of the debt as possible .

‘ We did not visit operating locations nor verify the group 's assets and liabilities at 30 June .
‘ we did not visit operating locations nor verify the group 's [skills] and liabilities at 30 june .

The documents lodged at the Newport County Court tell a grim story : losses of £148,000 in 1991 , followed by further losses in the first five months of this year of £127,000 ; £2,309,993 worth of liabilities ; assets at a net book value of £1,773,115 ; and a practice on a forced sale worth just £232,601 .
the documents lodged at the newport county court tell a grim story : losses of £148,000 in 1991 , followed by further losses in the first five months of this year of £127,000 ; £2,309,993 worth of liabilities ; [skills] at a net book value of £1,773,115 ; and a practice on a forced sale worth just £232,601 .

During the 1980s , assets with obvious potential for realising value were used to raise capital and pay off debt ( redundant farm workers ' cottages were sold , barns and oast houses converted for residential use ) .
during the 1980s , [skills] with obvious potential for realising value were used to raise capital and pay off debt ( redundant farm workers ' cottages were sold , barns and oast houses converted for residential use ) .

‘ Farmers are having to tune in to their unused assets , ’ says Mr Dockerty .
‘ farmers are having to tune in to their unused [skills] , ’ says mr dockerty .

It is perhaps the understandable reluctance to see such assets wasted that explains the determination , tenacity and moderate success of women in accountancy .
it is perhaps the understandable reluctance to see such [skills] wasted that explains the determination , tenacity and moderate success of women in accountancy .

The first of the two chapters defines seven elements that go to make up financial statements : assets , liabilities , equity , gains , losses , contributions from owners and distributions to owners .
the first of the two chapters defines seven elements that go to make up financial statements : [skills] , liabilities , equity , gains , losses , contributions from owners and distributions to owners .

Assets are defined as ‘ rights or other access to future economic benefits controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events ’ .
[skills] are defined as ‘ rights or other access to future economic benefits controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events ’ .

Not all assets , of course , are tangible .
not all [skills] , of course , are tangible .

Just as assets are usually but not invariably founded on legal rights , so a legal obligation is a common feature of a liability but is not always present .
just as [skills] are usually but not invariably founded on legal rights , so a legal obligation is a common feature of a liability but is not always present .

Equity is defined as ‘ the ownership interest in the entity : it is the residual amount found by deducting all liabilities of the entity from all of the entity 's assets ’ .
equity is defined as ‘ the ownership interest in the entity : it is the residual amount found by deducting all liabilities of the entity from all of the entity 's [skills] ’ .

Other points covered in the elements chapter include the complementary nature of assets and liabilities , how in some cases identifying a liability leads to identification of an asset , as well as the question of offsetting — the circumstances in which it is correct to aggregate debit and credit items to form a single net asset or liability .
other points covered in the elements chapter include the complementary nature of [skills] and liabilities , how in some cases identifying a liability leads to identification of an asset , as well as the question of offsetting — the circumstances in which it is correct to aggregate debit and credit items to form a single net asset or liability .

The second criterion is that ‘ there is sufficient evidence that the change in assets or liabilities inherent in the item has occurred ( including , where appropriate , evidence that a future inflow or outflow of benefit will occur ) ’ .
the second criterion is that ‘ there is sufficient evidence that the change in [skills] or liabilities inherent in the item has occurred ( including , where appropriate , evidence that a future inflow or outflow of benefit will occur ) ’ .

Transactions involving an arm 's length transfer of assets or liabilities always call for recognition .
transactions involving an arm 's length transfer of [skills] or liabilities always call for recognition .

However , some contracts not currently recognised do give rise to firm commitments — for example , both operating and finance leases commonly do so , and under the principles in the chapter , the assets and liabilities stemming from both should be recognised .
however , some contracts not currently recognised do give rise to firm commitments — for example , both operating and finance leases commonly do so , and under the principles in the chapter , the [skills] and liabilities stemming from both should be recognised .

‘ The directors are also responsible for maintaining adequate accounting records , for safeguarding the assets of the group , and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities .
‘ the directors are also responsible for maintaining adequate accounting records , for safeguarding the [skills] of the group , and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities .

All our pension fund assets are managed by independent , professional fund managers , each of whom has specific instructions that no asset may be invested in or loaned to Tomkins , in any way , ’ Mr Duncan explains .
all our pension fund [skills] are managed by independent , professional fund managers , each of whom has specific instructions that no asset may be invested in or loaned to tomkins , in any way , ’ mr duncan explains .

Advances secured on residential property amounted to £351.404m , other advances secured on land £22.994m and other commercial assets £428,667 .
advances secured on residential property amounted to £351.404m , other advances secured on land £22.994m and other commercial [skills] £428,667 .

Cumberland 's accounting policy on losses on loans and advances is to make specific provisions to cover losses on commercial assets .
cumberland 's accounting policy on losses on loans and advances is to make specific provisions to cover losses on commercial [skills] .

The draft directive seeks to remove any national barriers preventing pension scheme administrators in one member state from employing an authorised investment manager in another , or limiting the investment of a pension fund 's assets to the securities of the member state concerned .
the draft directive seeks to remove any national barriers preventing pension scheme administrators in one member state from employing an authorised investment manager in another , or limiting the investment of a pension fund 's [skills] to the securities of the member state concerned .

In another case , a director of an investment company was disqualified for 10 years and his co-director for six years because they had caused the company to continue trading while insolvent , had transferred assets to other companies which subsequently failed , and had been seriously negligent .
in another case , a director of an investment company was disqualified for 10 years and his co-director for six years because they had caused the company to continue trading while insolvent , had transferred [skills] to other companies which subsequently failed , and had been seriously negligent .

His Lordship concluded that the company could restrain the receivers from proceeding further when they had sufficient assets to redeem the receivership , and if there was a serious issue to be tried as to whether that point had been reached , then an injunction could be granted .
his lordship concluded that the company could restrain the receivers from proceeding further when they had sufficient [skills] to redeem the receivership , and if there was a serious issue to be tried as to whether that point had been reached , then an injunction could be granted .

Proposals were therefore announced in March 1991 to recognise exchange differences on monetary assets and liabilities as income at the time they accrue .
proposals were therefore announced in march 1991 to recognise exchange differences on monetary [skills] and liabilities as income at the time they accrue .

The most significant changes made to building societies ' own accounts relate to the balance sheet and its two dominant asset groups — liquid assets and commercial assets .
the most significant changes made to building societies ' own accounts relate to the balance sheet and its two dominant asset groups — liquid [skills] and commercial [skills] .

The new disclosure requirements for liquid assets involve a revised balance sheet presentation as well as a change in the way the maturity analysis is presented in the notes .
the new disclosure requirements for liquid [skills] involve a revised balance sheet presentation as well as a change in the way the maturity analysis is presented in the notes .

In future , balance sheets will analyse liquid assets into cash in hand and balances with the Bank of England ; Treasury bills and other eligible bills ( distinguishing between the two ) ; loans and advances to credit institutions ; debt securities ( issued by public bodies and by others ) ; and other liquid assets .
in future , balance sheets will analyse liquid [skills] into cash in hand and balances with the bank of england ; treasury bills and other eligible bills ( distinguishing between the two ) ; loans and advances to credit institutions ; debt securities ( issued by public bodies and by others ) ; and other liquid [skills] .

The new maturity analysis of liquid assets requires separate disclosure for debt securities and loans and advances to credit institutions .
the new maturity analysis of liquid [skills] requires separate disclosure for debt securities and loans and advances to credit institutions .

Similar analyses are required under the 1992 regulations in respect of retail and non-retail funds , which is to be expected , but also in respect of commercial assets , which was less predictable and is a potential source of confusion and misunderstanding .
similar analyses are required under the 1992 regulations in respect of retail and non-retail funds , which is to be expected , but also in respect of commercial [skills] , which was less predictable and is a potential source of confusion and misunderstanding .

The term ‘ commercial assets ’ encompasses a wide range of asset categories , but by far the most significant element is represented by residential mortgages .
the term ‘ commercial [skills] ’ encompasses a wide range of asset categories , but by far the most significant element is represented by residential mortgages .

The maturity analysis of commercial assets is one of the disclosure changes brought about by the directive ; another is the inclusion on the face of the balance sheet by way of memorandum of contingent liabilities and commitments .
the maturity analysis of commercial [skills] is one of the disclosure changes brought about by the directive ; another is the inclusion on the face of the balance sheet by way of memorandum of contingent liabilities and commitments .

For this purpose , ‘ contingent liabilities ’ includes all transactions guaranteeing , underwriting , or pledging assets as collateral security for , obligations of a third party and ‘ commitments ’ includes every irrevocable commitment that would give rise to a credit risk .
for this purpose , ‘ contingent liabilities ’ includes all transactions guaranteeing , underwriting , or pledging [skills] as collateral security for , obligations of a third party and ‘ commitments ’ includes every irrevocable commitment that would give rise to a credit risk .

The number of changes is too great to catalogue here , but one , in particular , is worthy of mention — liquid assets , which in some cases may be either fixed or current .
the number of changes is too great to catalogue here , but one , in particular , is worthy of mention — liquid [skills] , which in some cases may be either fixed or current .

Securities held on that basis are described in the 1992 regulations as ‘ financial fixed assets ’ .
securities held on that basis are described in the 1992 regulations as ‘ financial fixed [skills] ’ .

Financial fixed assets of building societies are accounted for at maturity value , plus or minus any premium or discount on purchase , which is amortised systematically over the security 's life .
financial fixed [skills] of building societies are accounted for at maturity value , plus or minus any premium or discount on purchase , which is amortised systematically over the security 's life .

Current asset investments are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value , although for transferable securities held as current assets the higher of cost and market value may be adopted .
current asset investments are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value , although for transferable securities held as current [skills] the higher of cost and market value may be adopted .

Provisions to take current assets to net realisable value must be written back to the extent that the reasons for making the provision no longer apply .
provisions to take current [skills] to net realisable value must be written back to the extent that the reasons for making the provision no longer apply .

In commenting to its members on the distinction between fixed and current financial assets , the Building Societies Association has undertaken to consider guidance on the criteria they should apply .
in commenting to its members on the distinction between fixed and current financial [skills] , the building societies association has undertaken to consider guidance on the criteria they should apply .

It notes that it is possible to argue that societies ' liquid assets are mostly fixed , mostly current or neither fixed nor current !
it notes that it is possible to argue that societies ' liquid [skills] are mostly fixed , mostly current or neither fixed nor current !

Building societies : Accounting changes for liquid assets and commercial assets
building societies : accounting changes for liquid [skills] and commercial [skills]

maturity analyses of assets and liabilities ;
maturity analyses of [skills] and liabilities ;

the distinction between fixed and current liquid assets ;
the distinction between fixed and current liquid [skills] ;

Long-term debtors in current assets
long-term debtors in current [skills]

Transfers from current assets to fixed assets
transfers from current [skills] to fixed [skills]

The Urgent Issues Task Force has published two new abstracts , its fourth and fifth , covering the presentation of long-term debtors in current assets and transfers from current assets to fixed assets ( see p 136 ) .
the urgent issues task force has published two new abstracts , its fourth and fifth , covering the presentation of long-term debtors in current [skills] and transfers from current [skills] to fixed [skills] ( see p 136 ) .

In the latter part of Sir Kit 's reign , which ended in early 1991 , half the bank 's assets were up for sale , including its European businesses , Thomas Cook , the travel chain , Forward Trust , and even the Midland 's headquarters in Poultry .
in the latter part of sir kit 's reign , which ended in early 1991 , half the bank 's [skills] were up for sale , including its european businesses , thomas cook , the travel chain , forward trust , and even the midland 's headquarters in poultry .

Firms are authorised for investment business within one of four categories which permit varying degrees of responsibility for client transactions and assets .
firms are authorised for investment business within one of four categories which permit varying degrees of responsibility for client transactions and [skills] .

The measure of comprehensive income will differ in accordance with the methods used to value assets and the concept of capital maintenance employed .
the measure of comprehensive income will differ in accordance with the methods used to value [skills] and the concept of capital maintenance employed .

The New Zealand government , in its audited financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 1991 , has led the way by including , for the first time , valuations for infrastructural assets such as state highways , national parks , national archives , and national library collections .
the new zealand government , in its audited financial statements for the six months ended 31 december 1991 , has led the way by including , for the first time , valuations for infrastructural [skills] such as state highways , national parks , national archives , and national library collections .

Most assets have been valued at current values .
most [skills] have been valued at current values .

Although public sector entities may experience difficulties with the recognition and measurement of certain assets , the example the audited Crown financial statements have set shows that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector assets .
although public sector entities may experience difficulties with the recognition and measurement of certain [skills] , the example the audited crown financial statements have set shows that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector [skills] .

The audited Crown financial statements have shown that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector assets
the audited crown financial statements have shown that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector [skills]

The subsidiary 's share capital was £2m ( ordinary £1 shares ) and its net assets were £10m immediately prior to the rights issue .
the subsidiary 's share capital was £2m ( ordinary £1 shares ) and its net [skills] were £10m immediately prior to the rights issue .

In 1991/92 the group reported a revenue surplus of £32m ( v £44m ) , earnings per share ( based on revenue profits ) of 13.6p ( v 17.9p ) and net assets per share diluted of 529p ( v 512p ) .
in 1991/92 the group reported a revenue surplus of £32m ( v £44m ) , earnings per share ( based on revenue profits ) of 13.6p ( v 17.9p ) and net [skills] per share diluted of 529p ( v 512p ) .

Football club balance sheets do not always show the full value of the assets : 48 % do not revalue land and buildings .
football club balance sheets do not always show the full value of the [skills] : 48 % do not revalue land and buildings .

At a time when clubs are having to spend heavily on ground improvements to meet the requirements of the Football Licensing Authority , Touche concludes that ‘ revaluation of fixed assets in the accounts is a justified , proven and acceptable way to reflect commercially a club 's net asset value ’ .
at a time when clubs are having to spend heavily on ground improvements to meet the requirements of the football licensing authority , touche concludes that ‘ revaluation of fixed [skills] in the accounts is a justified , proven and acceptable way to reflect commercially a club 's net asset value ’ .

The Board assumed legal ownership of all rolling stock , track , depôts and other assets on 1 July .
the board assumed legal ownership of all rolling stock , track , depôts and other [skills] on 1 july .

Members are questioned about how much money they owe their creditors and whether everything possible is being done to repay them , such as selling off assets .
members are questioned about how much money they owe their creditors and whether everything possible is being done to repay them , such as selling off [skills] .

The accounts were eventually brought before the Review Panel , which took exception to Trafalgar 's decision in the 1991 accounts to revalue and transfer a number of commercial properties from developments for sale , under current assets , to tangible fixed assets .
the accounts were eventually brought before the review panel , which took exception to trafalgar 's decision in the 1991 accounts to revalue and transfer a number of commercial properties from developments for sale , under current [skills] , to tangible fixed [skills] .

The primary source of their superior financial performance is capital gains from acquiring corporate assets and activities that , under present ownership , yield less than their opportunity values , and disposing of them at their higher market values .
the primary source of their superior financial performance is capital gains from acquiring corporate [skills] and activities that , under present ownership , yield less than their opportunity values , and disposing of them at their higher market values .

By transferring undermanaged assets to more effective use , whether internal or external , they perform a useful social function .
by transferring undermanaged [skills] to more effective use , whether internal or external , they perform a useful social function .

The brokers estimate a potential rise of 16.5 % in trust sector assets to end December 1993 , which implies asset outperformance of 7.9 % relative to the FT-Actuaries All Share Index .
the brokers estimate a potential rise of 16.5 % in trust sector [skills] to end december 1993 , which implies asset outperformance of 7.9 % relative to the ft-actuaries all share index .

It will be based on Shaw plc 's net assets less the cost of the investment in Harris plc and the closing provision for unrealised profit in stock , plus the equity accounting value of Harris plc .
it will be based on shaw plc 's net [skills] less the cost of the investment in harris plc and the closing provision for unrealised profit in stock , plus the equity accounting value of harris plc .

The proposal must also contain details of the debtor 's assets and liabilities ; the duration of the arrangement ; and when distributions are to be made to creditors , with estimates of amounts .
the proposal must also contain details of the debtor 's [skills] and liabilities ; the duration of the arrangement ; and when distributions are to be made to creditors , with estimates of amounts .

Other physical assets were valued by reference to evidence of recent selling-prices of similar items .
other physical [skills] were valued by reference to evidence of recent selling-prices of similar items .

The Treasury is looking at ‘ resource accounting ' , an accruals-type system , and is moving towards a system of valuation for fixed assets based on replacement cost .
the treasury is looking at ‘ resource accounting ' , an accruals-type system , and is moving towards a system of valuation for fixed [skills] based on replacement cost .

Tax on sale of revalued assets
tax on sale of revalued [skills]

The directors have considered the value of the remaining fixed assets and are satisfied that they are worth , in total , not less than the aggregate amount at which they are stated in the company 's accounts .
the directors have considered the value of the remaining fixed [skills] and are satisfied that they are worth , in total , not less than the aggregate amount at which they are stated in the company 's accounts .

The note to the accounts on assets held for sale explains that the marked and continuing downturn in the property market since 1990 , as reflected in the latest valuation reports , has made it increasingly difficult to forecast the dates on which Burton will have completed the letting and sale of its development properties .
the note to the accounts on [skills] held for sale explains that the marked and continuing downturn in the property market since 1990 , as reflected in the latest valuation reports , has made it increasingly difficult to forecast the dates on which burton will have completed the letting and sale of its development properties .

The extraordinary debits of £2.55m charged in the group p&l account , analysed in a note to the accounts , include a £57,000 surplus on disposal of assets of Churchill Safes & Security Products Ltd , a £1.098m loss on disposal of assets of Churchill Safes & Security Products Ltd and Tann Synchronome Ltd , and on a separate line £2.999m purchased goodwill in respect of businesses sold .
the extraordinary debits of £2.55m charged in the group p&l account , analysed in a note to the accounts , include a £57,000 surplus on disposal of [skills] of churchill safes & security products ltd , a £1.098m loss on disposal of [skills] of churchill safes & security products ltd and tann synchronome ltd , and on a separate line £2.999m purchased goodwill in respect of businesses sold .

The relief enables assets to be exchanged without a charge to corporation tax on the capital gain , the ‘ new asset ’ inheriting the cost and capital gains tax history of the holding it replaces .
the relief enables [skills] to be exchanged without a charge to corporation tax on the capital gain , the ‘ new asset ’ inheriting the cost and capital gains tax history of the holding it replaces .

Business property relief reduces the value of business assets for inheritance tax purposes by either 100 % or 50 % depending on the type of asset or the beneficial interest , and any tax payable can usually be paid by annual interest-free instalments over 10 years while the assets remain unsold .
business property relief reduces the value of business [skills] for inheritance tax purposes by either 100 % or 50 % depending on the type of asset or the beneficial interest , and any tax payable can usually be paid by annual interest-free instalments over 10 years while the [skills] remain unsold .

It is usual for trustees to seek counter indemnities from other shareholders , or the beneficiaries , or to limit the liability of the trust to the trust assets , in these circumstances .
it is usual for trustees to seek counter indemnities from other shareholders , or the beneficiaries , or to limit the liability of the trust to the trust [skills] , in these circumstances .

Some respondents to the Discussion Paper suggested that these methods for accounting for issue costs were in conflict with the requirements of the companies legislation * in the case of issues of debt instruments because the legislation prohibits setting off assets and liabilities .
some respondents to the discussion paper suggested that these methods for accounting for issue costs were in conflict with the requirements of the companies legislation * in the case of issues of debt instruments because the legislation prohibits setting off [skills] and liabilities .

any of the rights of the shares to receive payments ( whether in respect of dividends , in respect of redemption or otherwise ) are for a limited amount which is not calculated by reference to the company 's assets or profits or the dividends on any class of equity share .
any of the rights of the shares to receive payments ( whether in respect of dividends , in respect of redemption or otherwise ) are for a limited amount which is not calculated by reference to the company 's [skills] or profits or the dividends on any class of equity share .

any of their rights to participate in a surplus in a winding up are limited to a specific amount which is not calculated by reference to the company 's assets or profits and such limitation had a commercial effect in practice at the time the shares were issued or , if later , at the time the limitation was introduced .
any of their rights to participate in a surplus in a winding up are limited to a specific amount which is not calculated by reference to the company 's [skills] or profits and such limitation had a commercial effect in practice at the time the shares were issued or , if later , at the time the limitation was introduced .

Where the shares are equity shares the relevant amount of minority interests will be the proportionate share of net identifiable assets .
where the shares are equity shares the relevant amount of minority interests will be the proportionate share of net identifiable [skills] .

They have no claim on the company 's assets which ranks prior to any other claim , but obtain the exclusive right to any increase in the net assets .
they have no claim on the company 's [skills] which ranks prior to any other claim , but obtain the exclusive right to any increase in the net [skills] .

Debbie 's lawyer , John Christiansen , said she can claim half their assets , because she gave up a promising tennis career for Fred 's sake .
debbie 's lawyer , john christiansen , said she can claim half their [skills] , because she gave up a promising tennis career for fred 's sake .

‘ We felt that the prices of leisure assets were at last reflecting their true value , ’ says Mr Irens .
‘ we felt that the prices of leisure [skills] were at last reflecting their true value , ’ says mr irens .

In law , a personal representative can not be required to distribute assets or make payments of legacies under a will within one year of death .
in law , a personal representative can not be required to distribute [skills] or make payments of legacies under a will within one year of death .

Most finance texts would suggest that purchasers of assets via the financial markets are entering a fair game in that the market will price assets according to expectations of future cash flows incorporating some risk discount ( albeit one likely to reflect systematic risk , ie after taking the opportunity for portfolio diversification into account , rather than the total variance of the returns ) .
most finance texts would suggest that purchasers of [skills] via the financial markets are entering a fair game in that the market will price [skills] according to expectations of future cash flows incorporating some risk discount ( albeit one likely to reflect systematic risk , ie after taking the opportunity for portfolio diversification into account , rather than the total variance of the returns ) .

Many would argue that , in a real world of heterogeneous expectations , market imperfections , and asymmetrical access to information between managers and investors , the market is most unlikely to be able to price assets fairly in the manner in which finance theory suggests .
many would argue that , in a real world of heterogeneous expectations , market imperfections , and asymmetrical access to information between managers and investors , the market is most unlikely to be able to price [skills] fairly in the manner in which finance theory suggests .

The position that we have held ( and continue to hold ) is that the focus should be on retained recourse , which we would generally expect to write off , and on the retention of significant benefit in relation to the expected performance of assets .
the position that we have held ( and continue to hold ) is that the focus should be on retained recourse , which we would generally expect to write off , and on the retention of significant benefit in relation to the expected performance of [skills] .

It has been market practice in asset-backed transactions for there to be a mechanism whereby transactions can be mopped up when the balance of performing assets falls below a given level , usually 10 % of initial principal .
it has been market practice in asset-backed transactions for there to be a mechanism whereby transactions can be mopped up when the balance of performing [skills] falls below a given level , usually 10 % of initial principal .

They are designed to bring the accounting treatment of certain assets into line with the cash impact and to present a more realistic view of the balance sheet .
they are designed to bring the accounting treatment of certain [skills] into line with the cash impact and to present a more realistic view of the balance sheet .

Castle now carries audio copyrights under intangible assets at directors ' valuation instead of at cost less amortisation .
castle now carries audio copyrights under intangible [skills] at directors ' valuation instead of at cost less amortisation .

The group 's total intangible assets come to £13.922m , and total fixed and current assets to £24.869m .
the group 's total intangible [skills] come to £13.922m , and total fixed and current [skills] to £24.869m .

Deeds of variations were orginally known as deeds of family arrangement because they were generally used to re-arrange assets within a family so as to cover circumstances not foreseen by the deceased when the will was made .
deeds of variations were orginally known as deeds of family arrangement because they were generally used to re-arrange [skills] within a family so as to cover circumstances not foreseen by the deceased when the will was made .

Most assets acquired from connected persons , or sold or leased back or acquired with the sole or main purpose of claiming the new allowance , will also be ineligible .
most [skills] acquired from connected persons , or sold or leased back or acquired with the sole or main purpose of claiming the new allowance , will also be ineligible .

Losses on disposal of onerous assets , for example a lump sum payment made by a lessee to vary an onerous lease , should be allowable against trading income .
losses on disposal of onerous [skills] , for example a lump sum payment made by a lessee to vary an onerous lease , should be allowable against trading income .

Repeating calls made in representations submitted in December 1991 , the Faculty is suggesting that the taxation of disposals of assets for a deferred consideration should be reformed , so that tax on chargeable gains is payable only when cash is received .
repeating calls made in representations submitted in december 1991 , the faculty is suggesting that the taxation of disposals of [skills] for a deferred consideration should be reformed , so that tax on chargeable gains is payable only when cash is received .

Classes of assets to which the roll-over provision apply should be amended to include shares in family companies .
classes of [skills] to which the roll-over provision apply should be amended to include shares in family companies .

The profit and loss account should disclose the results of continuing operations ( including the results of acquisitions ) ; the results of discontinued operations ; profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring ; profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ; extraordinary items .
the profit and loss account should disclose the results of continuing operations ( including the results of acquisitions ) ; the results of discontinued operations ; profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring ; profits or losses on the disposal of fixed [skills] ; extraordinary items .

the potential recourse of the provider of finance is clearly limited solely to the funds generated by the asset it finances , with no right of recourse whatsoever to other assets of the entity ; and
the potential recourse of the provider of finance is clearly limited solely to the funds generated by the asset it finances , with no right of recourse whatsoever to other [skills] of the entity ; and

It is no longer necessary to agree the market value of assets for which capital gains tax holdover relief is claimed ( p 129 ) .
it is no longer necessary to agree the market value of [skills] for which capital gains tax holdover relief is claimed ( p 129 ) .

When other tradeable assets are taken into account the total of charity money that might be available for fund management could be between £15bn and £20bn .
when other tradeable [skills] are taken into account the total of charity money that might be available for fund management could be between £15bn and £20bn .

If gross income is below £25,000 , receipts and payments accounts and a statements of assets and liabilities will do .
if gross income is below £25,000 , receipts and payments accounts and a statements of [skills] and liabilities will do .

If gross income is less then £25,000 , then along with a receipts and payments statement there must be a statement of assets and liabilities .
if gross income is less then £25,000 , then along with a receipts and payments statement there must be a statement of [skills] and liabilities .

And you will not know what your assets are .
and you will not know what your [skills] are .

‘ It is no surprise to anyone that at a time of severe recession , investment in fixed assets , cars etc , will be weak , ’ said Geoff Evans , managing director of Forward Asset Finance .
‘ it is no surprise to anyone that at a time of severe recession , investment in fixed [skills] , cars etc , will be weak , ’ said geoff evans , managing director of forward asset finance .

The interest rates offered to large lessors seeking funding for assets may be less than those offered to small companies .
the interest rates offered to large lessors seeking funding for [skills] may be less than those offered to small companies .

There is a general perception that operating leases , where leased assets are not capitalised by the lessee , reduce borrowing capacity to a lesser extent than bank borrowing .
there is a general perception that operating leases , where leased [skills] are not capitalised by the lessee , reduce borrowing capacity to a lesser extent than bank borrowing .

Additionally , economies of scale allow lessors to acquire assets from manufacturers at discounts that are more favourable than those negotiated by individual companies .
additionally , economies of scale allow lessors to acquire [skills] from manufacturers at discounts that are more favourable than those negotiated by individual companies .

Gibraltar , for instance , is often used to hold Spanish assets , although the Spanish tax authorities are aware of the situation and attempting to limit it at least as far as the holding of real property is concerned .
gibraltar , for instance , is often used to hold spanish [skills] , although the spanish tax authorities are aware of the situation and attempting to limit it at least as far as the holding of real property is concerned .

At that time Ronsnade Ltd 's separable net assets had a fair value of £160,000 .
at that time ronsnade ltd 's separable net [skills] had a fair value of £160,000 .

The minority interest arising on acquisition is simply their share ( 40 % ) of the fair value of the separable net assets ( £160,000 ) .
the minority interest arising on acquisition is simply their share ( 40 % ) of the fair value of the separable net [skills] ( £160,000 ) .

These three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .
these three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed [skills] ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .

In the consolidated p & l account , the gain is nil — the difference between the proceeds of £2.1m less the fair value of the assets of £1.8m plus the goodwill of £0.3m , previously written off to the merger reserve .
in the consolidated p & l account , the gain is nil — the difference between the proceeds of £2.1m less the fair value of the [skills] of £1.8m plus the goodwill of £0.3m , previously written off to the merger reserve .

At 31 May 1992 the Tottenham group balance sheet showed cost of players ' registrations at net book value of £9.803m ( v £8.697m ) under intangible assets .
at 31 may 1992 the tottenham group balance sheet showed cost of players ' registrations at net book value of £9.803m ( v £8.697m ) under intangible [skills] .

Liabilities exceed assets
liabilities exceed [skills]

Note 24 contains a summary of the combined assets and liabilities at 31 March 1992 of the four subsidiaries in receivership ; the combined net liabilities totalled £2.999m .
note 24 contains a summary of the combined [skills] and liabilities at 31 march 1992 of the four subsidiaries in receivership ; the combined net liabilities totalled £2.999m .

At the year end the group had an excess of liabilities over assets of £2.987m and was in breach of its main banking facilities .
at the year end the group had an excess of liabilities over [skills] of £2.987m and was in breach of its main banking facilities .

‘ In these circumstances further adjustment may be required as explained in note 1 ( a ) to the accounts , to reduce assets to their recoverable amount , to provide for trading losses since the year end and any further liabilities which may arise .
‘ in these circumstances further adjustment may be required as explained in note 1 ( a ) to the accounts , to reduce [skills] to their recoverable amount , to provide for trading losses since the year end and any further liabilities which may arise .

What will not be so simple to resolve , however , is the question of what accounting treatments will be necessary in order for life insurers ' financial statements to give a true and fair view of a company 's assets , liabilities , financial position and profit or loss .
what will not be so simple to resolve , however , is the question of what accounting treatments will be necessary in order for life insurers ' financial statements to give a true and fair view of a company 's [skills] , liabilities , financial position and profit or loss .

The point was that the plaintiffs ' interest in Jarrad exceeded their interest in Jesner , and they contended that the object of Jarrad had been to provide money for the family and not to have its assets syphoned off to prop up Jesner .
the point was that the plaintiffs ' interest in jarrad exceeded their interest in jesner , and they contended that the object of jarrad had been to provide money for the family and not to have its [skills] syphoned off to prop up jesner .

It is no longer necessary to agree the market value of assets for which capital gains tax gifts holdover relief is claimed .
it is no longer necessary to agree the market value of [skills] for which capital gains tax gifts holdover relief is claimed .

The practice will also apply where assets were held by the transferor on 31 March 1982 , unless actual consideration is given by the transferee .
the practice will also apply where [skills] were held by the transferor on 31 march 1982 , unless actual consideration is given by the transferee .

If the transferee has paid some consideration , the 31 March 1982 valuation of the assets will have to be agreed , but the Revenue will accept a holdover relief claim , without a valuation , at the date of transfer .
if the transferee has paid some consideration , the 31 march 1982 valuation of the [skills] will have to be agreed , but the revenue will accept a holdover relief claim , without a valuation , at the date of transfer .

For assets held on 6 April 1965 where time apportionment applies , the Revenue is content to defer the valuation until the transferee disposes of the asset .
for [skills] held on 6 april 1965 where time apportionment applies , the revenue is content to defer the valuation until the transferee disposes of the asset .

In June 1990 , with the General Commissioners ' leave , a notice was issued requiring details of Mr and Mrs Kempton 's assets and liabilities , income and expenditure for the years 1985 to 1989 inclusive .
in june 1990 , with the general commissioners ' leave , a notice was issued requiring details of mr and mrs kempton 's [skills] and liabilities , income and expenditure for the years 1985 to 1989 inclusive .

It has fought for two years to survive the recession , selling assets to cut spiralling debts .
it has fought for two years to survive the recession , selling [skills] to cut spiralling debts .

They also called for pension assets to be kept separate from company funds in the wake of the Daily Mirror scandal when Maxwell stole Pounds 400 million from his pensioners .
they also called for pension [skills] to be kept separate from company funds in the wake of the daily mirror scandal when maxwell stole pounds 400 million from his pensioners .

He had to borrow heavily to finance it all — borrowings went up from around £120million to £225million — but he was cautious enough to keep the amount he owed within the limits of his assets and income .
he had to borrow heavily to finance it all — borrowings went up from around £120million to £225million — but he was cautious enough to keep the amount he owed within the limits of his [skills] and income .

That list was based on assets such as property , art works and income on royalties .
that list was based on [skills] such as property , art works and income on royalties .

Experts will try to determine the level of the company 's debts , its assets and liabilities .
experts will try to determine the level of the company 's debts , its [skills] and liabilities .

Losses below the line have jumped to over £80m in the last year and in order to add ballast to the balance sheet the group may ultimately be forced to let its prized assets go at a knock down price if the recession continues .
losses below the line have jumped to over £80m in the last year and in order to add ballast to the balance sheet the group may ultimately be forced to let its prized [skills] go at a knock down price if the recession continues .

The disposal programme comprises assets of over £500m and the Ritz in Piccadilly , Mecca for the internationally wealthy , could be yours for £100 m .
the disposal programme comprises [skills] of over £500m and the ritz in piccadilly , mecca for the internationally wealthy , could be yours for £100 m .

Bass , which owns the Holiday Inns hotels group and sells one in every five pints of beer downed by the public , has slashed the book value of its property assets by a staggering £496m , almost as much as it made in profit .
bass , which owns the holiday inns hotels group and sells one in every five pints of beer downed by the public , has slashed the book value of its property [skills] by a staggering £496m , almost as much as it made in profit .

On the other hand , the assets of the remaining 30 or 300 former partners would be protected ; their stake in the firm might disappear of course , but not their home .
on the other hand , the [skills] of the remaining 30 or 300 former partners would be protected ; their stake in the firm might disappear of course , but not their home .

But none of the larger firms has done so yet , so the obvious conclusion to be drawn is that either they prefer to live dangerously or they still do n't believe that anyone would actually go after them for their personal assets .
but none of the larger firms has done so yet , so the obvious conclusion to be drawn is that either they prefer to live dangerously or they still do n't believe that anyone would actually go after them for their personal [skills] .

The main point that the Review Panel took issue with was Trafalgar 's decision to revalue and transfer a number of commercial properties from developments for sale , part of current assets , to tangible fixed assets .
the main point that the review panel took issue with was trafalgar 's decision to revalue and transfer a number of commercial properties from developments for sale , part of current [skills] , to tangible fixed [skills] .

Keeping them in current assets would have resulted in any write-down on revaluation passing through the p & l account .
keeping them in current [skills] would have resulted in any write-down on revaluation passing through the p & l account .

In July , the Urgent Issues Task Force released a consensus clarifying the treatment of transfers from current assets to fixed assets .
in july , the urgent issues task force released a consensus clarifying the treatment of transfers from current [skills] to fixed [skills] .

Intangibles — including internally generated brands — should be treated as assets and recognised in the balance sheet , provided that their existence and amount can be satisfactorily justified , according to a new report published by the Institute 's Research Board .
intangibles — including internally generated brands — should be treated as [skills] and recognised in the balance sheet , provided that their existence and amount can be satisfactorily justified , according to a new report published by the institute 's research board .

Intangibles included in the first two components may be capitalised as assets , provided that the company 's directors and auditors are satisfied that the amount at which they are capitalised is no greater than their recoverable amount .
intangibles included in the first two components may be capitalised as [skills] , provided that the company 's directors and auditors are satisfied that the amount at which they are capitalised is no greater than their recoverable amount .

From nothing in 1985 ( start-up was on 2 April 1985 ) , gross premium income was £124.4m by 1991 ( 47.9% up on 1990 ) ; and gross assets were £196.3m .
from nothing in 1985 ( start-up was on 2 april 1985 ) , gross premium income was £124.4m by 1991 ( 47.9% up on 1990 ) ; and gross [skills] were £196.3m .

But these milestones can not be purely financial — return on assets or earnings per share .
but these milestones can not be purely financial — return on [skills] or earnings per share .

This was repealed in 1971 and chargeable assets in a deceased 's estate pass to the heirs at probate value .
this was repealed in 1971 and chargeable [skills] in a deceased 's estate pass to the heirs at probate value .

Hold-over relief for gains on gifts of business assets was introduced in 1978 .
hold-over relief for gains on gifts of business [skills] was introduced in 1978 .

In 1989 , however , the 1980 , 1981 and 1982 extensions were repealed so that the relief now only applies to business assets .
in 1989 , however , the 1980 , 1981 and 1982 extensions were repealed so that the relief now only applies to business [skills] .

This consists of the Auditing Guideline , Communications between Auditors and Regulators under Sections 109 and 180 ( 1 ) ( q ) of the Financial Services Act 1986 , which was issued in July 1990 ; and Practice Note 3 , Client Assets — Guidance to Auditors of Investment Businesses , issued in December 1990 and which has been amended to reflect recent changes in the rules relating to client money following the issue of The Financial Services ( Client Money ) Regulations 1991 .
this consists of the auditing guideline , communications between auditors and regulators under sections 109 and 180 ( 1 ) ( q ) of the financial services act 1986 , which was issued in july 1990 ; and practice note 3 , client [skills] — guidance to auditors of investment businesses , issued in december 1990 and which has been amended to reflect recent changes in the rules relating to client money following the issue of the financial services ( client money ) regulations 1991 .

In the consolidated balance sheet , the investment should be stated at the carrying amount under the equity method at that date , ie 30 % of net assets .
in the consolidated balance sheet , the investment should be stated at the carrying amount under the equity method at that date , ie 30 % of net [skills] .

However , we believe that the carrying value should be further adjusted by the gain or loss arising on the deemed disposal for the group by comparing the net assets attributable to the 30 % interest with the net assets attributable to the 15 % interest .
however , we believe that the carrying value should be further adjusted by the gain or loss arising on the deemed disposal for the group by comparing the net [skills] attributable to the 30 % interest with the net [skills] attributable to the 15 % interest .

But as the subsidiary has negative net assets , there would be no funds available on liquidation to pay the preference shareholders anything .
but as the subsidiary has negative net [skills] , there would be no funds available on liquidation to pay the preference shareholders anything .

It was using what assets it had to keep the group afloat .
it was using what [skills] it had to keep the group afloat .

The Court of Appeal said that the attempt to keep the group afloat by recourse to both companies ' assets was a reasonable commercial judgment in the circumstances and was not unfairly prejudicial .
the court of appeal said that the attempt to keep the group afloat by recourse to both companies ' [skills] was a reasonable commercial judgment in the circumstances and was not unfairly prejudicial .

Berg 's financial statements for the year ended 31 March 1982 showed turnover of more than £23m , profit before tax of £54,224 , net assets of £243,980 , and contingent liabilities in respect of bills discounted of more than £6m ; bills receivable amounted to some £4.8m .
berg 's financial statements for the year ended 31 march 1982 showed turnover of more than £23m , profit before tax of £54,224 , net [skills] of £243,980 , and contingent liabilities in respect of bills discounted of more than £6m ; bills receivable amounted to some £4.8m .

Fixed assets plus net current assets less long-term sources of funding , less shareholders ' equity equals the short-term funding required .
fixed [skills] plus net current [skills] less long-term sources of funding , less shareholders ' equity equals the short-term funding required .

Inheritance For those people who have accumulated assets during their lifetime , leaving money , property and land to relatives after death represents another — and very significant — mechanism through which economic support is given in families .
inheritance for those people who have accumulated [skills] during their lifetime , leaving money , property and land to relatives after death represents another — and very significant — mechanism through which economic support is given in families .

The available contemporary evidence suggests that very few people accumulate much in capital assets other than the house in which they live ( Allan , 1982 ) .
the available contemporary evidence suggests that very few people accumulate much in capital [skills] other than the house in which they live ( allan , 1982 ) .

In popular imagery , the reading of a will is the occasion for bitter squabbles to break out over the deceased 's preferred distribution of assets , but the limited amount of research data which we have on this issue suggests that overt conflicts are not very common .
in popular imagery , the reading of a will is the occasion for bitter squabbles to break out over the deceased 's preferred distribution of [skills] , but the limited amount of research data which we have on this issue suggests that overt conflicts are not very common .

At this time when women could not hold property after they married , typically daughters were left trust funds which would provide them with an income , while sons received land , property and liquid assets ( Davidoff and Hall , 1987 , pp .
at this time when women could not hold property after they married , typically daughters were left trust funds which would provide them with an income , while sons received land , property and liquid [skills] ( davidoff and hall , 1987 , pp .

Meanwhile regulatory overkill has prevented a desperately-needed corporate-bond market from emerging , and has barred Japan from joining the international trend toward securitisation of assets — which could , for instance , alleviate some of the distress in Japan 's property market .
meanwhile regulatory overkill has prevented a desperately-needed corporate-bond market from emerging , and has barred japan from joining the international trend toward securitisation of [skills] — which could , for instance , alleviate some of the distress in japan 's property market .

Losses of £500m for 1988 and over £2 billion for 1989 have already depleted free assets , especially for the 5,000-odd names on excess-of-loss syndicates .
losses of £500m for 1988 and over £2 billion for 1989 have already depleted free [skills] , especially for the 5,000-odd names on excess-of-loss syndicates .

Messrs Rowland and Middleton say they are advised that Lloyd 's has too few tangible assets ; and anyway they think it wrong to burden future Lloyd 's members with the repayments .
messrs rowland and middleton say they are advised that lloyd 's has too few tangible [skills] ; and anyway they think it wrong to burden future lloyd 's members with the repayments .

With the French stockmarket in the doldrums , Edmond Alphandéry , the economy minister , has estimated that sales of state assets could at best raise a total of FFr30 billion this year .
with the french stockmarket in the doldrums , edmond alphandéry , the economy minister , has estimated that sales of state [skills] could at best raise a total of ffr30 billion this year .

Members of parliament and top civil servants were made to reveal their financial assets , some of which proved to be astonishingly large .
members of parliament and top civil servants were made to reveal their financial [skills] , some of which proved to be astonishingly large .

Each voucher can buy 10,000 roubles-worth of assets in the privatisations .
each voucher can buy 10,000 roubles-worth of [skills] in the privatisations .

Although Mr Nadir is bankrupt in Britain , this is likely to be a small fraction of the assets he can call on .
although mr nadir is bankrupt in britain , this is likely to be a small fraction of the [skills] he can call on .

Problems there certainly were : the disentangling of assets with multiple uses ( for example , some offices had been used for gas billing as well as for electricity ) inevitably caused some headaches .
problems there certainly were : the disentangling of [skills] with multiple uses ( for example , some offices had been used for gas billing as well as for electricity ) inevitably caused some headaches .

There was some allowance made for this indirectly by assuming rather conservative lives for the inherited assets , and by the early 1950s , more of the higher postwar investment costs were also entering into the historic cost depreciation charges .
there was some allowance made for this indirectly by assuming rather conservative lives for the inherited [skills] , and by the early 1950s , more of the higher postwar investment costs were also entering into the historic cost depreciation charges .

Its total assets on January 1st were only 959.9 billion roubles , or $ 1.3 billion at the exchange rate of the day ; at today 's rates they are more like $ 1 billion .
its total [skills] on january 1st were only 959.9 billion roubles , or $ 1.3 billion at the exchange rate of the day ; at today 's rates they are more like $ 1 billion .

As finance minister in 1986–88 , Edouard Balladur , France 's new prime minister , sold some FFr83 billion-worth of state assets .
as finance minister in 1986–88 , edouard balladur , france 's new prime minister , sold some ffr83 billion-worth of state [skills] .

Instead , the government will retain ‘ golden shares ’ in companies it wants to keep in French hands , allowing it to block hostile bidders or the sale of ‘ strategic ’ assets .
instead , the government will retain ‘ golden shares ’ in companies it wants to keep in french hands , allowing it to block hostile bidders or the sale of ‘ strategic ’ [skills] .

The merger of most of their core operations will create Cyprus-Amax , a company with $ 1 billion in assets .
the merger of most of their core operations will create cyprus-amax , a company with $ 1 billion in [skills] .

British equities account for more than half of the assets of British funds ; foreign equities are a further 20 % .
british equities account for more than half of the [skills] of british funds ; foreign equities are a further 20 % .

But more than half the assets of Japanese and German funds are bonds .
but more than half the [skills] of japanese and german funds are bonds .

Or should they hang on in the hope that these assets will soon be worth serious money ?
or should they hang on in the hope that these [skills] will soon be worth serious money ?

In America banks including First Chicago , BankAmerica , Fleet Financial and Chase Manhattan have in recent months made cut-rate sales of property assets with a nominal value of $ 1 billion or so .
in america banks including first chicago , bankamerica , fleet financial and chase manhattan have in recent months made cut-rate sales of property [skills] with a nominal value of $ 1 billion or so .

They fear that bankers may now reckon to get a better return by selling off firms ' assets quickly than by keeping debtors alive .
they fear that bankers may now reckon to get a better return by selling off firms ' [skills] quickly than by keeping debtors alive .

Yet foreign banks still account for less than 3 % of Italian banking assets .
yet foreign banks still account for less than 3 % of italian banking [skills] .

But can pieces of that franchise — intangible assets such as relationships embedded in deposit accounts , and credit-card and mortgage-servicing operations — really be measured accurately ?
but can pieces of that franchise — intangible [skills] such as relationships embedded in deposit accounts , and credit-card and mortgage-servicing operations — really be measured accurately ?

The problem lies in how intangible assets are defined and valued .
the problem lies in how intangible [skills] are defined and valued .

Brazil says its constitution forbids the private ownership of energy assets .
brazil says its constitution forbids the private ownership of energy [skills] .

Despite tumbling house prices , the Halifax has more than doubled its after-tax profits since 1988 , to £458m ( $ 198m ) , and its assets , to £63 billion .
despite tumbling house prices , the halifax has more than doubled its after-tax profits since 1988 , to £458m ( $ 198m ) , and its [skills] , to £63 billion .

Just as it dislikes the thought of securitising its mortgage assets — ‘ why give away margin ?
just as it dislikes the thought of securitising its mortgage [skills] — ‘ why give away margin ?

He had been running his own freelance investment fund with a few billion yen in assets .
he had been running his own freelance investment fund with a few billion yen in [skills] .

These set the minimum amount of capital ( free assets , or the amount by which an insurers ' assets exceed the actuarial calculation of its liabilities ) that an insurer must have to reassure customers and regulators that it can meet its liabilities .
these set the minimum amount of capital ( free [skills] , or the amount by which an insurers ' [skills] exceed the actuarial calculation of its liabilities ) that an insurer must have to reassure customers and regulators that it can meet its liabilities .

The new approach — using a complex mathematical formula to measure the risks reflected in each firm 's assets , liabilities , underwriting , size and past performance — is a big advance on the old state-by-state capital requirements .
the new approach — using a complex mathematical formula to measure the risks reflected in each firm 's [skills] , liabilities , underwriting , size and past performance — is a big advance on the old state-by-state capital requirements .

The rules set for life insurance firms , and proposed for general insurers , strongly favour insurers investing in low-risk assets , such as bonds , rather than higher-risk ones like equities .
the rules set for life insurance firms , and proposed for general insurers , strongly favour insurers investing in low-risk [skills] , such as bonds , rather than higher-risk ones like equities .

Over the long term equities generate much higher returns than bonds , and allow investors to spread risk by diversifying their assets .
over the long term equities generate much higher returns than bonds , and allow investors to spread risk by diversifying their [skills] .

Now , three-fifths of insurers ' assets are bonds — a quarter of them government bonds .
now , three-fifths of insurers ' [skills] are bonds — a quarter of them government bonds .

Last July a court in Aix refused Vasarely 's request to nominate a temporary administration to the Foundation but did appoint two experts to evaluate the assets of the Foundation and take stock of which works have been sold .
last july a court in aix refused vasarely 's request to nominate a temporary administration to the foundation but did appoint two experts to evaluate the [skills] of the foundation and take stock of which works have been sold .

The film 's main assets are Croft and Tiernan , both young enough to ignore the weight of Shakespeare 's name and get on with acting — they put their words at the service of fresh emotions , not the other way round .
the film 's main [skills] are croft and tiernan , both young enough to ignore the weight of shakespeare 's name and get on with acting — they put their words at the service of fresh emotions , not the other way round .

At one time it was only an affluent few who owned their own houses or capital assets which they could invest to increase their incomes .
at one time it was only an affluent few who owned their own houses or capital [skills] which they could invest to increase their incomes .

Recent econometric evidence offered by Paul Johnson suggests that state pensions actually resulted in increased working-class savings , along the lines predicted by Booth , but that a decline in working-class assets held in friendly societies occurred , specifically during the five years from 1916 to 1921 .
recent econometric evidence offered by paul johnson suggests that state pensions actually resulted in increased working-class savings , along the lines predicted by booth , but that a decline in working-class [skills] held in friendly societies occurred , specifically during the five years from 1916 to 1921 .

In Edwardian Britain , for example , the average working-class adult had accumulated assets of about £11 , at a time when the wage for an unskilled worker was around £1 a week .
in edwardian britain , for example , the average working-class adult had accumulated [skills] of about £11 , at a time when the wage for an unskilled worker was around £1 a week .

In the early years of this century , before state pensions were introduced , and when occupational pension schemes covered only a small part of the work-force , the bulk of the wealth of the population was held in the form of realizable assets , and was highly concentrated in the hands of a small minority .
in the early years of this century , before state pensions were introduced , and when occupational pension schemes covered only a small part of the work-force , the bulk of the wealth of the population was held in the form of realizable [skills] , and was highly concentrated in the hands of a small minority .

This has not changed : in 1972 , people in the bottom 80 per cent of the wealth distribution owned only 10 per cent of realizable assets .
this has not changed : in 1972 , people in the bottom 80 per cent of the wealth distribution owned only 10 per cent of realizable [skills] .

However , realizable assets are now much less important in any estimation of the wealth distribution in Britain , because so much of the wealth of individuals is held in the form of pension rights , wealth which is not immediately realizable , but which is contingent on survival beyond pensionable age .
however , realizable [skills] are now much less important in any estimation of the wealth distribution in britain , because so much of the wealth of individuals is held in the form of pension rights , wealth which is not immediately realizable , but which is contingent on survival beyond pensionable age .

Because private-pension wealth is much more widely spread across the population than are realizable assets , and state-pension wealth is divided among all citizens , the inclusion of these two additional types of assets in a calculation of wealth distribution changes the overall picture drastically .
because private-pension wealth is much more widely spread across the population than are realizable [skills] , and state-pension wealth is divided among all citizens , the inclusion of these two additional types of [skills] in a calculation of wealth distribution changes the overall picture drastically .

Although the primary importance of state benefits in financing old age may decline in the future as both the opportunities and the incentives increase for today 's working population to accumulate private assets for retirement , there can be little doubt that over the last eighty years state pensions have been instrumental in sustaining a considerable degree of economic independence among the retired population .
although the primary importance of state benefits in financing old age may decline in the future as both the opportunities and the incentives increase for today 's working population to accumulate private [skills] for retirement , there can be little doubt that over the last eighty years state pensions have been instrumental in sustaining a considerable degree of economic independence among the retired population .

One consequence of the rise in private asset ownership among elderly people is that many of them do not suffer any drastic reduction of their ability to consume on retirement : indeed , tax changes in the 1970s that encouraged pension schemes to pay out some of their assets as a lump sum mean that many retirees experience an increase in their consumption propensity in the first few years of retirement .
one consequence of the rise in private asset ownership among elderly people is that many of them do not suffer any drastic reduction of their ability to consume on retirement : indeed , tax changes in the 1970s that encouraged pension schemes to pay out some of their [skills] as a lump sum mean that many retirees experience an increase in their consumption propensity in the first few years of retirement .

This shift in the economic status of the elderly from being predominantly without assets in the early years of this century towards having at least some private financial resources must represent an overall increase in the economic independence of the elderly population .
this shift in the economic status of the elderly from being predominantly without [skills] in the early years of this century towards having at least some private financial resources must represent an overall increase in the economic independence of the elderly population .

He realized how to best utilize his assets to manoeuvre the play .
he realized how to best utilize his [skills] to manoeuvre the play .

This is a real gift to the declining Italian tourist industry , which needs the country 's cultural assets to be made more accessible if it is to compensate for the fact that mass tourism has migrated to cheaper , less developed shores .
this is a real gift to the declining italian tourist industry , which needs the country 's cultural [skills] to be made more accessible if it is to compensate for the fact that mass tourism has migrated to cheaper , less developed shores .

Some such as financial resources are easily specifiable , others such as not contravening the mores of the organisation are more elusive but a key aspect of these skills is sensitivity to limitations and obstacles as well as positive assets ( Singleton , 1981 ) .
some such as financial resources are easily specifiable , others such as not contravening the mores of the organisation are more elusive but a key aspect of these skills is sensitivity to limitations and obstacles as well as positive [skills] ( singleton , 1981 ) .

Perhaps many of those from broken homes search for surrogate fathers , but only those with the physical assets necessary for sporting success , such as strength and speed , are able to foster attachments in the sporting fraternity .
perhaps many of those from broken homes search for surrogate fathers , but only those with the physical [skills] necessary for sporting success , such as strength and speed , are able to foster attachments in the sporting fraternity .

In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries those who had climbed to prosperity on the back of the slave trade were regularly leaving property and assets worth anything between £16,000 and £1 million .
in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries those who had climbed to prosperity on the back of the slave trade were regularly leaving property and [skills] worth anything between £16,000 and £1 million .

According to Whiting , much of this initial conformity was occasioned either by a fear of and respect for authority , or by the reluctance of testators to throw away their assets on objects and practices which were now proscribed .
according to whiting , much of this initial conformity was occasioned either by a fear of and respect for authority , or by the reluctance of testators to throw away their [skills] on objects and practices which were now proscribed .

Others only enter the Kingdom after a prolonged and intense search , like the pearl merchant who sells his entire assets to buy one pearl which was everything ( Matt .
others only enter the kingdom after a prolonged and intense search , like the pearl merchant who sells his entire [skills] to buy one pearl which was everything ( matt .

if the other party shall commit any act of bankruptcy , shall have a receiving order made against it , shall make or negotiate for any composition or arrangement with or assignment for the benefit of its creditors or , if the other party being a body corporate shall present a petition or have a petition presented by a creditor for its winding up or shall enter into any liquidation ( other than for the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation ) , shall call any meeting of its creditors , shall have a receiver of all or any to its undertakings or assets appointed , shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts , or shall cease to carry on business
if the other party shall commit any act of bankruptcy , shall have a receiving order made against it , shall make or negotiate for any composition or arrangement with or assignment for the benefit of its creditors or , if the other party being a body corporate shall present a petition or have a petition presented by a creditor for its winding up or shall enter into any liquidation ( other than for the purpose of reconstruction or amalgamation ) , shall call any meeting of its creditors , shall have a receiver of all or any to its undertakings or [skills] appointed , shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts , or shall cease to carry on business

3.8 acknowledges to that the Trade Marks are and always have been the property of and that this agreement is made with full knowledge of the need of to support 's efforts to Register and Maintain the Trade Marks to avoid Trade Mark confusion in the Territory and elsewhere in order that the Trade Marks shall continue to be viable and valuable assets of .
3.8 acknowledges to that the trade marks are and always have been the property of and that this agreement is made with full knowledge of the need of to support 's efforts to register and maintain the trade marks to avoid trade mark confusion in the territory and elsewhere in order that the trade marks shall continue to be viable and valuable [skills] of .

It expects to retain a third party to sell any remaining assets .
it expects to retain a third party to sell any remaining [skills] .

Working out the details took time , but the United East India Company came into existence in 1709 , and combined the assets of the two existing companies , at the price of enlarging their loan to the government to £3.2m .
working out the details took time , but the united east india company came into existence in 1709 , and combined the [skills] of the two existing companies , at the price of enlarging their loan to the government to £3.2m .

At the end of their 1992 fiscal year ( Oct 31 ) , they had total assets of $ 1097m , of which $ 260m was cash .
at the end of their 1992 fiscal year ( oct 31 ) , they had total [skills] of $ 1097m , of which $ 260m was cash .

All this yields a shareholder 's equity of $ 938m ( about 86 % of total assets ) which gives a low debt to equity ratio of 17 % .
all this yields a shareholder 's equity of $ 938m ( about 86 % of total [skills] ) which gives a low debt to equity ratio of 17 % .

Nashua , New Hampshire-based multimedia company AimTech Corp has acquired the assets of Tiger Media Inc .
nashua , new hampshire-based multimedia company aimtech corp has acquired the [skills] of tiger media inc .

After that , decide whether there are any personal belongings , property , money or other assets you wish to leave to other people .
after that , decide whether there are any personal belongings , property , money or other [skills] you wish to leave to other people .

With fixed assets close to £1 million and capital and reserves of over £868,000 , there can be little doubt as to the commercial nature of the Dart Valley Railway Plc .
with fixed [skills] close to £1 million and capital and reserves of over £868,000 , there can be little doubt as to the commercial nature of the dart valley railway plc .

However at the famous December '69 auction to dispose of the remaining assets , three of the Hunslets were given a new lease of life , virtually on home territory .
however at the famous december '69 auction to dispose of the remaining [skills] , three of the hunslets were given a new lease of life , virtually on home territory .

Theoretically , in today 's educational environment , the disabled pupil has the right to be different , to be accepted in the ordinary class , encouraged to participate in it fully and in his own way and to be considered as an individual , a totality with assets and strengths in addition to those disadvantages or difficulties which arise from his disability .
theoretically , in today 's educational environment , the disabled pupil has the right to be different , to be accepted in the ordinary class , encouraged to participate in it fully and in his own way and to be considered as an individual , a totality with [skills] and strengths in addition to those disadvantages or difficulties which arise from his disability .

These are not inevitable problems for visually handicapped children and where they occur can sometimes be improved , but they do not tend to be considered assets by other pupils and may contribute to low self-concept .
these are not inevitable problems for visually handicapped children and where they occur can sometimes be improved , but they do not tend to be considered [skills] by other pupils and may contribute to low self-concept .

These peoples can not allow themselves much investment in fixed assets they would need to defend , but just as importantly they can not allow themselves much investment in social ties to specific others .
these peoples can not allow themselves much investment in fixed [skills] they would need to defend , but just as importantly they can not allow themselves much investment in social ties to specific others .

In 1995 Japan will own a tenth of all American assets , a figure brought about in part because of the weakness of the dollar against the yen , but also because the Japanese manage to save three times as much as do the Americans , and have that much more spare money to invest .
in 1995 japan will own a tenth of all american [skills] , a figure brought about in part because of the weakness of the dollar against the yen , but also because the japanese manage to save three times as much as do the americans , and have that much more spare money to invest .

The old hospitals used to employ special patients ' monies officers whose sole job was to ensure that patients ' income and capital assets were administered for their benefit both while in hospital and on discharge .
the old hospitals used to employ special patients ' monies officers whose sole job was to ensure that patients ' income and capital [skills] were administered for their benefit both while in hospital and on discharge .

The balance sheet does not relate to a period but sets out the book values of the assets , liabilities and capital as at a particular point in time .
the balance sheet does not relate to a period but sets out the book values of the [skills] , liabilities and capital as at a particular point in time .

For example , fixed assets are normally valued at cost , less provision for depreciation , and current assets at cost or net realisable value , whichever is the lower .
for example , fixed [skills] are normally valued at cost , less provision for depreciation , and current [skills] at cost or net realisable value , whichever is the lower .

The values at which many of the assets appear in the balance sheet , therefore , may be far removed from current market value .
the values at which many of the [skills] appear in the balance sheet , therefore , may be far removed from current market value .

It shows the movements in the company 's liabilities and assets during the trading period .
it shows the movements in the company 's liabilities and [skills] during the trading period .

The Act also requires disclosure in connection with the balance sheet of movements in share capital , debentures , fixed assets , reserves , provisions for contingent liabilities , and capital commitments .
the act also requires disclosure in connection with the balance sheet of movements in share capital , debentures , fixed [skills] , reserves , provisions for contingent liabilities , and capital commitments .

All items must be determined on a prudent basis and should err on the side of caution and in particular : ( a ) Revenue and profits must not be anticipated , but should be recognised by inclusion in the profit and loss account only when realised in the form of cash or of other assets , the ultimate realisation of which can be assessed with reasonable certainty .
all items must be determined on a prudent basis and should err on the side of caution and in particular : ( a ) revenue and profits must not be anticipated , but should be recognised by inclusion in the profit and loss account only when realised in the form of cash or of other [skills] , the ultimate realisation of which can be assessed with reasonable certainty .

On the other hand the cost accounts are not concerned with debtors , creditors , assets , liabilities or personal accounts .
on the other hand the cost accounts are not concerned with debtors , creditors , [skills] , liabilities or personal accounts .

The estate and the house might both be high-value assets , but the conditions of his inheritance forced him to keep both intact and he got little currency out of them beyond the woodland leases and the shooting rights .
the estate and the house might both be high-value [skills] , but the conditions of his inheritance forced him to keep both intact and he got little currency out of them beyond the woodland leases and the shooting rights .

Then if the assembler wants to make changes to the contract , the body-maker is in a strong position because it can threaten to keep both employees and assets working to the original contracts .
then if the assembler wants to make changes to the contract , the body-maker is in a strong position because it can threaten to keep both employees and [skills] working to the original contracts .

However , if the two are integrated , those running the body-making division are in a weaker position if asked to make changes , since they have no independent control rights over the assets they manage .
however , if the two are integrated , those running the body-making division are in a weaker position if asked to make changes , since they have no independent control rights over the [skills] they manage .

The first result is that complementary assets should be owned by a single firm .
the first result is that complementary [skills] should be owned by a single firm .

If a product may only be realized by the use of two sets of assets , and each set has no alternative use , then when both sets are under common control , fewer parties can hold up any non-contracted changes to the production process .
if a product may only be realized by the use of two sets of [skills] , and each set has no alternative use , then when both sets are under common control , fewer parties can hold up any non-contracted changes to the production process .

On the other hand , when assets are economically independent , integration would bring in outside control which would dilute incentives in the division being controlled .
on the other hand , when [skills] are economically independent , integration would bring in outside control which would dilute incentives in the division being controlled .

Hence the second result , that independent assets should be separately owned .
hence the second result , that independent [skills] should be separately owned .

Conversely , if United States shippers were to sue the carriers in Great Britain , where most of the sources of information on the defendants ' diligence and assets were located , they would be bound by exemption clauses that the United States courts had voided .
conversely , if united states shippers were to sue the carriers in great britain , where most of the sources of information on the defendants ' diligence and [skills] were located , they would be bound by exemption clauses that the united states courts had voided .

Your assets will be enfervoured .
your [skills] will be enfervoured .

Households of professional status had a mean non-asset income of 252% of that of households of unskilled manual status but the percentage rose to 369 when the annuitized value of assets was added and to 382 when the value of employer welfare benefits in kind was further added .
households of professional status had a mean non-asset income of 252% of that of households of unskilled manual status but the percentage rose to 369 when the annuitized value of [skills] was added and to 382 when the value of employer welfare benefits in kind was further added .

To obtain payment of the fine the court sequestrated against assets held in the political fund of the union .
to obtain payment of the fine the court sequestrated against [skills] held in the political fund of the union .

Failure to abide by the terms of an injunction leads to proceedings for contempt of court , followed by fines and by possible sequestration ( seizure ) of the assets of the union .
failure to abide by the terms of an injunction leads to proceedings for contempt of court , followed by fines and by possible sequestration ( seizure ) of the [skills] of the union .

In another case , the National Union of Mineworkers was fined £200,000 for refusal to obey an interim injunction and the judge ordered sequestration of its assets , some of which had been transferred abroad .
in another case , the national union of mineworkers was fined £200,000 for refusal to obey an interim injunction and the judge ordered sequestration of its [skills] , some of which had been transferred abroad .

By 1926 eleven British and four continental centres had opened ; in 1938 , with assets totalling £100,000 , 45,169 guest weeks were taken at the thirty British and twenty-two overseas centres which spread from Brittany to Poland and Czechoslovakia .
by 1926 eleven british and four continental centres had opened ; in 1938 , with [skills] totalling £100,000 , 45,169 guest weeks were taken at the thirty british and twenty-two overseas centres which spread from brittany to poland and czechoslovakia .

Pessimists may say that this will lead to more elderly people being burdened with the costs of deteriorating houses ; optimists , that a higher proportion of future cohorts of the elderly will be accustomed to capitalizing on their assets .
pessimists may say that this will lead to more elderly people being burdened with the costs of deteriorating houses ; optimists , that a higher proportion of future cohorts of the elderly will be accustomed to capitalizing on their [skills] .

Assets — that clump of symbols , rich as distant gold .
[skills] — that clump of symbols , rich as distant gold .

Others believe , however , that disabled people have unique assets to offer these professions ( Hutchins , 1978 ; Biehn , 1979 ; Gavin , 1980 ; Bueche , 1983 ; Turner , 1984 ; Wainapel , 1987 ; O'Hare and Thomson , 1991 ) .
others believe , however , that disabled people have unique [skills] to offer these professions ( hutchins , 1978 ; biehn , 1979 ; gavin , 1980 ; bueche , 1983 ; turner , 1984 ; wainapel , 1987 ; o'hare and thomson , 1991 ) .

This small study does , however , suggest that disabled professionals are no less capable than their able-bodied colleagues and may have unique assets to bring to these professions .
this small study does , however , suggest that disabled professionals are no less capable than their able-bodied colleagues and may have unique [skills] to bring to these professions .

The problem with this reasoning is that even if we accept the narrow definition of freedom on which it relies , a system of private property , and in particular private ownership of productive assets , is not the only property system that is capable of bringing about the required dispersal of control over material goods .
the problem with this reasoning is that even if we accept the narrow definition of freedom on which it relies , a system of private property , and in particular private ownership of productive [skills] , is not the only property system that is capable of bringing about the required dispersal of control over material goods .

Monolithic state ownership is not the sole alternative to private property ; productive assets can , for example , be owned in common by the members of a co-operative , no individual member having a transferable property right in them .
monolithic state ownership is not the sole alternative to private property ; productive [skills] can , for example , be owned in common by the members of a co-operative , no individual member having a transferable property right in them .

These arguments are attractive , and might well justify private property in personal possessions , and also such productive assets as may be needed for the satisfactory fulfillment of an individual 's human potential .
these arguments are attractive , and might well justify private property in personal possessions , and also such productive [skills] as may be needed for the satisfactory fulfillment of an individual 's human potential .

Thus , Chapters 2–8 will , among other things , describe and evaluate the controls on goal selection , the controls relating to the efficiency with which permitted goals are pursued , and the controls designed to prevent the diversion of corporate assets to management .
thus , chapters 2–8 will , among other things , describe and evaluate the controls on goal selection , the controls relating to the efficiency with which permitted goals are pursued , and the controls designed to prevent the diversion of corporate [skills] to management .

All agents have a potential interest in diverting the principal 's assets to their own use through unfair self-dealing .
all agents have a potential interest in diverting the principal 's [skills] to their own use through unfair self-dealing .

Of particular importance are providers of debt finance , who through powers contained in loan agreement covenants may prevent the directors from disposing of particular assets , for example , or restrict their ability to raise further debt or to pay dividends .
of particular importance are providers of debt finance , who through powers contained in loan agreement covenants may prevent the directors from disposing of particular [skills] , for example , or restrict their ability to raise further debt or to pay dividends .

And the bigger the company is , the more important are the decisions made by its managers likely to be , affecting a greater value of assets and a larger number of employees .
and the bigger the company is , the more important are the decisions made by its managers likely to be , affecting a greater value of [skills] and a larger number of employees .

These unusual circumstances , and cases of corrupt diversion of corporate assets aside , however , it will in general be very difficult to demonstrate that the directors did not believe that what they were doing would maximise profits , because of the often insuperable problem of distinguishing between means and ends that this entails .
these unusual circumstances , and cases of corrupt diversion of corporate [skills] aside , however , it will in general be very difficult to demonstrate that the directors did not believe that what they were doing would maximise profits , because of the often insuperable problem of distinguishing between means and ends that this entails .

Observers of the stock market will interpret the low share price as a signal that the company 's assets are being under-utilised and that an efficient management could employ them more profitably .
observers of the stock market will interpret the low share price as a signal that the company 's [skills] are being under-utilised and that an efficient management could employ them more profitably .

Thus , it has been suggested that ‘ [ s ] hort-termism may not be so much a product of the mispricing of assets , … but more a reflection of contractual failures in securities markets in part brought on by the takeover process .
thus , it has been suggested that ‘ [ s ] hort-termism may not be so much a product of the mispricing of [skills] , … but more a reflection of contractual failures in securities markets in part brought on by the takeover process .

According to this view , short-termism is a feature of investments in firm-specific assets that have a low resale value outside the firm .
according to this view , short-termism is a feature of investments in firm-specific [skills] that have a low resale value outside the firm .

There are currently a number of changes at work that are likely to prevent the poor from acquiring capital assets .
there are currently a number of changes at work that are likely to prevent the poor from acquiring capital [skills] .

Paradoxically , the moves to widen the number of people holding capital assets is being accompanied by a determined attempt to reverse the sixty-year-old trend towards greater equality of wealth .
paradoxically , the moves to widen the number of people holding capital [skills] is being accompanied by a determined attempt to reverse the sixty-year-old trend towards greater equality of wealth .

Alternatively , these assets are left untouched , and are inherited by the grandparents ' children .
alternatively , these [skills] are left untouched , and are inherited by the grandparents ' children .

Inheritance therefore benefits those who already possess substantial capital assets .
inheritance therefore benefits those who already possess substantial capital [skills] .

While making it easier for people to build up considerable capital assets , and to pass these on intact , the Government has taken a number of measures that have allowed many people to acquire capital assets for the first time .
while making it easier for people to build up considerable capital [skills] , and to pass these on intact , the government has taken a number of measures that have allowed many people to acquire capital [skills] for the first time .

For example , less than 3 per cent of the population are listed as holding assets of more than £100,000 , which must be a long-passed milestone for most middle-class people living in the south , and an increasing number in the north too .
for example , less than 3 per cent of the population are listed as holding [skills] of more than £100,000 , which must be a long-passed milestone for most middle-class people living in the south , and an increasing number in the north too .

An alternative and fairer approach would be for an incoming radical government to insist that each of the privatized industries should make a free issue of stock , by way of compensation for the sale of public assets at deflated prices .
an alternative and fairer approach would be for an incoming radical government to insist that each of the privatized industries should make a free issue of stock , by way of compensation for the sale of public [skills] at deflated prices .

High-performance work design enabled them to achieve those objectives by increasing flexibility , output quality and effective use of assets .
high-performance work design enabled them to achieve those objectives by increasing flexibility , output quality and effective use of [skills] .

The most important general example is the use of modified historic-cost accounting in Britain and Australia which systematically overstates profits by understating the value of real capital , and this in turn may lead to inadequate retention of operating surpluses and the winding down of the assets of the business .
the most important general example is the use of modified historic-cost accounting in britain and australia which systematically overstates profits by understating the value of real capital , and this in turn may lead to inadequate retention of operating surpluses and the winding down of the [skills] of the business .

Hence , someone wishing to finance a catering enterprise may have to guarantee the loan by using their own personal assets , e.g .
hence , someone wishing to finance a catering enterprise may have to guarantee the loan by using their own personal [skills] , e.g .

Realization and distribution of partnership assets will occur after the dissolution has been brought into effect and all outstanding debts have been settled .
realization and distribution of partnership [skills] will occur after the dissolution has been brought into effect and all outstanding debts have been settled .

The dissolution , taking an account of the distribution of assets , should normally be provided for in the partnership deed .
the dissolution , taking an account of the distribution of [skills] , should normally be provided for in the partnership deed .

Section 44 of the Partnership Act makes clear the procedure to be followed for the distribution of assets ; s. 44(a) provides :
section 44 of the partnership act makes clear the procedure to be followed for the distribution of [skills] ; s. 44(a) provides :

Section 44 ( a ) deals with cases where the partnership 's assets are insufficient to meet its liabilities .
section 44 ( a ) deals with cases where the partnership 's [skills] are insufficient to meet its liabilities .

In the happier situation where the assets are sufficient , s. 44 ( b ) provides that debts and liabilities to persons outside the partnership are to be settled first : partners ' loans should then be repaid ; thereafter , partners ' capital contributions and finally any surplus assets should be distributed among the partners in the same proportions as they are entitled to take a share in the profits .
in the happier situation where the [skills] are sufficient , s. 44 ( b ) provides that debts and liabilities to persons outside the partnership are to be settled first : partners ' loans should then be repaid ; thereafter , partners ' capital contributions and finally any surplus [skills] should be distributed among the partners in the same proportions as they are entitled to take a share in the profits .

The debts owed to unsecured creditors by the company were approximately £8000 , whilst the total of the company 's assets was only £6000 .
the debts owed to unsecured creditors by the company were approximately £8000 , whilst the total of the company 's [skills] was only £6000 .

Salomon , himself a secured creditor of the company , was therefore entitled to the remaining £6000 in company assets as part payment of his secured debentures .
salomon , himself a secured creditor of the company , was therefore entitled to the remaining £6000 in company [skills] as part payment of his secured debentures .

stamp duty of i per cent of the actual value of assets of any kind contributed by the members , less any liabilities assumed by the company as consideration for them .
stamp duty of i per cent of the actual value of [skills] of any kind contributed by the members , less any liabilities assumed by the company as consideration for them .

In the normal trading company , as we have seen , the members ' liability will be limited to the amount , if any , unpaid on their shares , but in a company limited by guarantee , it will be limited to the amount which the members have agreed to contribute to the assets in the event of liquidation .
in the normal trading company , as we have seen , the members ' liability will be limited to the amount , if any , unpaid on their shares , but in a company limited by guarantee , it will be limited to the amount which the members have agreed to contribute to the [skills] in the event of liquidation .

the company goes into liquidation at a time when its assets are insufficient for the payment of its debts and other liabilities and the expenses of the winding up ; or
the company goes into liquidation at a time when its [skills] are insufficient for the payment of its debts and other liabilities and the expenses of the winding up ; or

distribution of company assets ;
distribution of company [skills] ;

An administration order is designed to help a company which is likely to become or actually is insolvent to survive as a going concern , or if this is not possible to ensure an advantageous realization of the company 's assets .
an administration order is designed to help a company which is likely to become or actually is insolvent to survive as a going concern , or if this is not possible to ensure an advantageous realization of the company 's [skills] .

a more advantageous realization of the company 's assets than would be achieved by winding up .
a more advantageous realization of the company 's [skills] than would be achieved by winding up .

an application to register a charge out of time over assets of the company will normally be refused .
an application to register a charge out of time over [skills] of the company will normally be refused .

a creditor has judgment for a debt , execution of which is unsatisfied ; ( c ) the court is satisfied that the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due ; ( d ) the court is satisfied that the value of the company 's assets is less than the amount of its liabilities .
a creditor has judgment for a debt , execution of which is unsatisfied ; ( c ) the court is satisfied that the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due ; ( d ) the court is satisfied that the value of the company 's [skills] is less than the amount of its liabilities .

As liquidator , the official receiver 's function is to ensure that the company 's assets are got in , sold and distributed to the creditors and other persons properly entitled .
as liquidator , the official receiver 's function is to ensure that the company 's [skills] are got in , sold and distributed to the creditors and other persons properly entitled .

How to account for non revenue resource inflows . ( Should , for example , a health authority account for donated assets and voluntary labour ? )
how to account for non revenue resource inflows . ( should , for example , a health authority account for donated [skills] and voluntary labour ? )

While new capital assets , such as buildings , clearly provide benefits beyond one fiscal year , certain situations can arise when such a classification is less obvious .
while new capital [skills] , such as buildings , clearly provide benefits beyond one fiscal year , certain situations can arise when such a classification is less obvious .

Local authorities have an unusual approach to recording their assets as they make no provision for depreciation — see chapter 8 .
local authorities have an unusual approach to recording their [skills] as they make no provision for depreciation — see chapter 8 .

poor management and maintenance of assets ;
poor management and maintenance of [skills] ;

safeguard its assets ;
safeguard its [skills] ;

The extent to which the organization 's assets and interests are accounted for and safeguarded from losses of all kinds .
the extent to which the organization 's [skills] and interests are accounted for and safeguarded from losses of all kinds .

Roper arrangements for the control and custody of the organization 's assets should be built into the organization structure .
roper arrangements for the control and custody of the organization 's [skills] should be built into the organization structure .

Appropriability and complementary assets may be necessary ingredients of success ( Teece , 1987 ) .
appropriability and complementary [skills] may be necessary ingredients of success ( teece , 1987 ) .

In an attempt to protect the growing organizational assets , procedures are put in place .
in an attempt to protect the growing organizational [skills] , procedures are put in place .

Too often the company is assumed to be a collection of assets , available to the highest bidder .
too often the company is assumed to be a collection of [skills] , available to the highest bidder .

Fixed assets
fixed [skills]

Give details of significant changes in the fixed assets of the group during the year .
give details of significant changes in the fixed [skills] of the group during the year .

Fixed assets
fixed [skills]

The main increase in fixed assets during the year was due to the investment in machinery in the sportwear and leisure equipment section and the acquisition of Model Layout Ltd and Model Manufacturing Ltd .
the main increase in fixed [skills] during the year was due to the investment in machinery in the sportwear and leisure equipment section and the acquisition of model layout ltd and model manufacturing ltd .

In the group balance sheet the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary undertaking are included in full .
in the group balance sheet the [skills] and liabilities of the subsidiary undertaking are included in full .

The corresponding amounts at the previous year end include its assets and liabilities at that date and show the shares issued by the group to acquire it as if they had been in issue then .
the corresponding amounts at the previous year end include its [skills] and liabilities at that date and show the shares issued by the group to acquire it as if they had been in issue then .

The investment in associated undertakings included in the consolidated balance sheet is based on the group 's share of the net assets of associated undertakings , together with any premium or discount arising on acquisition , less amounts written off .
the investment in associated undertakings included in the consolidated balance sheet is based on the group 's share of the net [skills] of associated undertakings , together with any premium or discount arising on acquisition , less amounts written off .

Explain the policies for depreciation and diminution in value of assets .
explain the policies for depreciation and diminution in value of [skills] .

Depreciation is provided to write off the cost or valuation , less estimated residual values , of all tangible fixed assets , except freehold lane , over their expected useful lives . It is calculated at the following rates :
depreciation is provided to write off the cost or valuation , less estimated residual values , of all tangible fixed [skills] , except freehold lane , over their expected useful lives . it is calculated at the following rates :

Investments held as fixed assets are stated at cost less any provision for a permanent diminution in value .
investments held as fixed [skills] are stated at cost less any provision for a permanent diminution in value .

Investments held as current assets are stated at the lower of cost and market value .
investments held as current [skills] are stated at the lower of cost and market value .

Profit and loss accounts and assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiary undertakings are translated into sterling at the rates of exchange ruling on the balance sheet date .
profit and loss accounts and [skills] and liabilities of foreign subsidiary undertakings are translated into sterling at the rates of exchange ruling on the balance sheet date .

Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates ruling at the balance sheet dates .
foreign currency monetary [skills] and liabilities are translated at the rates ruling at the balance sheet dates .

Leased assets
leased [skills]

Give the accounting policies for leased assets if material .
give the accounting policies for leased [skills] if material .

Turnover , profits and net assets
turnover , profits and net [skills]

Give turnover , profit before tax and net assets relating to each major class of business and to each major geographical market .
give turnover , profit before tax and net [skills] relating to each major class of business and to each major geographical market .

The above information on turnover , profit and net assets may be omitted if in the directors ' opinion its disclosure would be prejudicial to the interests of the company .
the above information on turnover , profit and net [skills] may be omitted if in the directors ' opinion its disclosure would be prejudicial to the interests of the company .

Leased assets
leased [skills]

Where assets are finance by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been purchased outright .
where [skills] are finance by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the [skills] are treated as if they had been purchased outright .

Depreciation on the relevant assets is charged to the profit and loss account .
depreciation on the relevant [skills] is charged to the profit and loss account .

Turnover , profits and net assets
turnover , profits and net [skills]

Disclose the total charge for depreciation on fixed assets .
disclose the total charge for depreciation on fixed [skills] .

Disclose the total depreciation charged for assets held under finance leases .
disclose the total depreciation charged for [skills] held under finance leases .

Intangible assets
intangible [skills]

14 Intangible assets
14 intangible [skills]

Tangible assets
tangible [skills]

For each category of fixed assets , either :
for each category of fixed [skills] , either :

disclose gross amounts of assets held under finance leases together with the related accumulated depreciation or
disclose gross amounts of [skills] held under finance leases together with the related accumulated depreciation or

integrate these amounts with the figures for owned fixed assets and disclose separately the net amount of assets held under finance leases .
integrate these amounts with the figures for owned fixed [skills] and disclose separately the net amount of [skills] held under finance leases .

15 Tangible assets
15 tangible [skills]

The net book value of tangible fixed assets includes an amount of £720,280 ( 1990 — £771,815 ) in respect of assets held under finance leases and hire purchase contracts .
the net book value of tangible fixed [skills] includes an amount of £720,280 ( 1990 — £771,815 ) in respect of [skills] held under finance leases and hire purchase contracts .

Tangible assets
tangible [skills]

Where assets have been revalued in the financial year , the names or qualifications of the valuers and the bases of valuation should be given .
where [skills] have been revalued in the financial year , the names or qualifications of the valuers and the bases of valuation should be given .

Tangible assets
tangible [skills]

If assets are included at other than historical cost amount , disclose :
if [skills] are included at other than historical cost amount , disclose :

Give the years in which the assets were valued and the various values .
give the years in which the [skills] were valued and the various values .

the investing group 's share of net assets , other than goodwill , of the associated companies , stated , where possible , after attributing fair values to the assets at the time of acquisition of the interest in the associated companies
the investing group 's share of net [skills] , other than goodwill , of the associated companies , stated , where possible , after attributing fair values to the [skills] at the time of acquisition of the interest in the associated companies

Where the parent company or group has a significant holding ( 10% or more shares of an undertaking or more than 10% of the investing company 's assets ) in an undertaking ( which is not a subsidiary undertaking , joint venture or associated undertaking ) the following must be stated :
where the parent company or group has a significant holding ( 10% or more shares of an undertaking or more than 10% of the investing company 's [skills] ) in an undertaking ( which is not a subsidiary undertaking , joint venture or associated undertaking ) the following must be stated :

The bank overdraft is secured by a floating charge over the assets of the company .
the bank overdraft is secured by a floating charge over the [skills] of the company .

where the merger method of accounting has been adopted , explain any significant adjustments made to the amounts of assets and liabilities of the undertaking acquired , together with a statement of any resulting adjustment to the consolidated reserves ( including the restatement of opening consolidated reserves ) .
where the merger method of accounting has been adopted , explain any significant adjustments made to the amounts of [skills] and liabilities of the undertaking acquired , together with a statement of any resulting adjustment to the consolidated reserves ( including the restatement of opening consolidated reserves ) .

In calculating the goodwill arising on acquisition , the fair value of net assets of Model Layout have been assessed and adjustments from book value have been made where necessary .
in calculating the goodwill arising on acquisition , the fair value of net [skills] of model layout have been assessed and adjustments from book value have been made where necessary .

Adjustments are summarised in the following table : The revaluation of fixed assets relates to increases in value of freehold properties since their last revaluation in 1983 .
adjustments are summarised in the following table : the revaluation of fixed [skills] relates to increases in value of freehold properties since their last revaluation in 1983 .

( b ) the market value of scheme assets at the date of their valuation or review
( b ) the market value of scheme [skills] at the date of their valuation or review

The most recent valuation , at 31st March 1990 , indicated that , on the basis of service to date and current salaries , the scheme 's assets were sufficient to meet its liabilities .
the most recent valuation , at 31st march 1990 , indicated that , on the basis of service to date and current salaries , the scheme 's [skills] were sufficient to meet its liabilities .

At 31st March 1991 the scheme , which is contracted out of the state scheme , had assets of approximately £28.6m ( 1990 — £24.2m ) at market value .
at 31st march 1991 the scheme , which is contracted out of the state scheme , had [skills] of approximately £28.6m ( 1990 — £24.2m ) at market value .

Fixed assets
fixed [skills]

Give details of significant changes in fixed assets .
give details of significant changes in fixed [skills] .

Fixed assets
fixed [skills]

Movements on fixed assets are set out in note 10 to the accounts .
movements on fixed [skills] are set out in note 10 to the accounts .

acquisitions and disposals of fixed and non-current assets
acquisitions and disposals of fixed and non-current [skills]

Explain the policies for depreciation and diminution in value of assets .
explain the policies for depreciation and diminution in value of [skills] .

Leased assets
leased [skills]

Give the accounting policy for leased assets if material .
give the accounting policy for leased [skills] if material .

Depreciation is provided to write off the cost less estimated residual values of all fixed assets , except freehold land , over their expected useful lives . It is calculated on the original cost of the assets at the following rates :
depreciation is provided to write off the cost less estimated residual values of all fixed [skills] , except freehold land , over their expected useful lives . it is calculated on the original cost of the [skills] at the following rates :

Leased assets
leased [skills]

Where assets are finance by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been purchased outright .
where [skills] are finance by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the [skills] are treated as if they had been purchased outright .

Depreciation on the relevant assets is charged to the profit and loss account .
depreciation on the relevant [skills] is charged to the profit and loss account .

Show total charge for depreciation of fixed assets .
show total charge for depreciation of fixed [skills] .

Tangible assets
tangible [skills]

If assets are included at other than historical cost amount , show : historical cost , or difference between historical cost amount and balance sheet amount .
if [skills] are included at other than historical cost amount , show : historical cost , or difference between historical cost amount and balance sheet amount .

For each class of fixed asset either : disclose gross amounts of assets held under finance leases , together with the related accumulated depreciation and depreciation charge for the period , or integrate these amounts with the figures for owned fixed assets and disclose separately the net amount of assets held under finance leases and the related depreciation charge for the period .
for each class of fixed asset either : disclose gross amounts of [skills] held under finance leases , together with the related accumulated depreciation and depreciation charge for the period , or integrate these amounts with the figures for owned fixed [skills] and disclose separately the net amount of [skills] held under finance leases and the related depreciation charge for the period .

10 . Tangible assets
10 . tangible [skills]

The net book value of tangible fixed assets includes an amount of £9.013 ( 1990 — £5,279 ) in respect of assets held under finance leases .
the net book value of tangible fixed [skills] includes an amount of £9.013 ( 1990 — £5,279 ) in respect of [skills] held under finance leases .

The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the company in an independently administered fund .
the [skills] of the scheme are held separately from those of the company in an independently administered fund .

fixed assets movements and depreciation
fixed [skills] movements and depreciation

Depreciation is provided to write off the cost less estimated residual values of all fixed assets , except freehold land , over their expected useful lives . It is calculated on the original cost of the assets at the following rates :
depreciation is provided to write off the cost less estimated residual values of all fixed [skills] , except freehold land , over their expected useful lives . it is calculated on the original cost of the [skills] at the following rates :

Leased assets
leased [skills]

Where assets are financed by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the assets are treated as if they had been purchased outright .
where [skills] are financed by leasing agreements that give rights approximating to ownership ( `` finance leases `` ) , the [skills] are treated as if they had been purchased outright .

Depreciation on the relevant assets is charged to the profit and loss account .
depreciation on the relevant [skills] is charged to the profit and loss account .

2 Tangible assets
2 tangible [skills]

It is doubtful whether they would have been able to afford the elaborate system which replaced this piecemeal amateur effort , and in any case they were spared the necessity of any expenditure since the Empress Elizabeth seized their assets in 1747 , just as plans were in hand to construct the new line .
it is doubtful whether they would have been able to afford the elaborate system which replaced this piecemeal amateur effort , and in any case they were spared the necessity of any expenditure since the empress elizabeth seized their [skills] in 1747 , just as plans were in hand to construct the new line .

The defendant at the Crown Court instructs his advisers that he has assets or resources from which substantial compensation can be paid , in the hope of securing some mitigation of the sentence .
the defendant at the crown court instructs his advisers that he has [skills] or resources from which substantial compensation can be paid , in the hope of securing some mitigation of the sentence .

It was easy to avoid this tax by transferring assets before death .
it was easy to avoid this tax by transferring [skills] before death .

The longer you survived after giving assets to someone the less tax they paid on the gift .
the longer you survived after giving [skills] to someone the less tax they paid on the gift .

Most successful entrepreneurial business people made use of social assets based on kinship , friendship and other social contacts .
most successful entrepreneurial business people made use of social [skills] based on kinship , friendship and other social contacts .

Economic assets are also converted into ‘ social and cultural assets ’ .
economic [skills] are also converted into ‘ social and cultural [skills] ’ .

That future output depends on real investment in productive assets now and in the future , while the piling-up of financial assets in excess of real investment can only be inflationary in the long run ( a ‘ long run ’ which is already with us ) .
that future output depends on real investment in productive [skills] now and in the future , while the piling-up of financial [skills] in excess of real investment can only be inflationary in the long run ( a ‘ long run ’ which is already with us ) .

This strange conjunction of the fiscal necessities of the crown and the campaign against entail would , if implemented , have converted the landed property of the aristocracy into paper assets .
this strange conjunction of the fiscal necessities of the crown and the campaign against entail would , if implemented , have converted the landed property of the aristocracy into paper [skills] .

The had assets of close to £100 million .
the had [skills] of close to £100 million .

By the time of its completion the company 's assets were climbing close to a billion dollars .
by the time of its completion the company 's [skills] were climbing close to a billion dollars .

The gross assets of the brothers ' holdings were more than $ 24 billion .
the gross [skills] of the brothers ' holdings were more than $ 24 billion .

Form is one of the hidden assets of the detective story .
form is one of the hidden [skills] of the detective story .

You will too , of course , need a detective , and the same limitations and assets that the detective in the classical story has will still apply to the detective here .
you will too , of course , need a detective , and the same limitations and [skills] that the detective in the classical story has will still apply to the detective here .

The eventual collapse of Turkey would raise the question of the disposal of the assets of the corpse .
the eventual collapse of turkey would raise the question of the disposal of the [skills] of the corpse .

If she were to marry him as he wanted , and , indeed , as her mother wanted , she would enjoy all these assets .
if she were to marry him as he wanted , and , indeed , as her mother wanted , she would enjoy all these [skills] .

First , for many assets ( such as stock market indices ) there is either a futures market or a forward market , but not both , and so a direct comparison is not possible .
first , for many [skills] ( such as stock market indices ) there is either a futures market or a forward market , but not both , and so a direct comparison is not possible .

Therefore , a simple comparison of the futures and forward prices of those assets where trading exists in both is not an adequate test .
therefore , a simple comparison of the futures and forward prices of those [skills] where trading exists in both is not an adequate test .

There have been a number of empirical studies of various assets where both futures and forward markets exist .
there have been a number of empirical studies of various [skills] where both futures and forward markets exist .

However , it is only open to those who already hold the overpriced asset and so relies on this group of investors trading sufficient assets to move the relative prices of the shares in the index and index futures back into line .
however , it is only open to those who already hold the overpriced asset and so relies on this group of investors trading sufficient [skills] to move the relative prices of the shares in the index and index futures back into line .

This assumption is that the price of assets are unaffected by the arbitrage transactions .
this assumption is that the price of [skills] are unaffected by the arbitrage transactions .

While each individual futures position may be highly risky , holding both long and short positions in the same or similar assets means that most of these risks cancel out because of the strong negative correlation in the profits from the two positions .
while each individual futures position may be highly risky , holding both long and short positions in the same or similar [skills] means that most of these risks cancel out because of the strong negative correlation in the profits from the two positions .

Such traders may be able to forecast changes in the relative spot price of the underlying assets , the present value of the dividends on the shares in the index or the relevant risk-free interest rates .
such traders may be able to forecast changes in the relative spot price of the underlying [skills] , the present value of the dividends on the shares in the index or the relevant risk-free interest rates .

‘ Richer probably , ’ said John , raising a smile from Comfort , who liked her assets to be appreciated just as much as her talents and her looks .
‘ richer probably , ’ said john , raising a smile from comfort , who liked her [skills] to be appreciated just as much as her talents and her looks .

Other investors perished ; or , at the very least , watched helplessly as their assets , like trees in the path of a firestorm , wilted , singed , then were consumed .
other investors perished ; or , at the very least , watched helplessly as their [skills] , like trees in the path of a firestorm , wilted , singed , then were consumed .

For example , in his national survey of household resources and standards of living , Townsend found that a higher proportion of older lone women than lone men had less than £100 worth of assets and fewer than six consumer durables .
for example , in his national survey of household resources and standards of living , townsend found that a higher proportion of older lone women than lone men had less than £100 worth of [skills] and fewer than six consumer durables .

Not only were there more of them than of other groups living in poverty or on the margins of poverty ; more had no assets or virtually no assets , and fewer possessed substantial amounts of assets … According to a variety of indicators of economic situation , widowed women were least advantaged .
not only were there more of them than of other groups living in poverty or on the margins of poverty ; more had no [skills] or virtually no [skills] , and fewer possessed substantial amounts of [skills] … according to a variety of indicators of economic situation , widowed women were least advantaged .

People with disabilities are more likely than the non-disabled to experience poverty , have lower incomes and fewer assets .
people with disabilities are more likely than the non-disabled to experience poverty , have lower incomes and fewer [skills] .

Well , Computer Shops Ltd has agreed to buy Ti'ko 's assets .
well , computer shops ltd has agreed to buy ti'ko 's [skills] .

Considerable global assets have been spent to prevent non-communicable diseases — for example , with major investments to improve the environment .
considerable global [skills] have been spent to prevent non-communicable diseases — for example , with major investments to improve the environment .

For example , owner-occupiers are considered to derive real wealth from houses as assets .
for example , owner-occupiers are considered to derive real wealth from houses as [skills] .

Benefices , however , were not the only church assets which the king exploited for his clerks .
benefices , however , were not the only church [skills] which the king exploited for his clerks .

But apart from £30,000 in the Glitterbest bank account there were no other assets left ; other than future income from the film and recording contracts .
but apart from £30,000 in the glitterbest bank account there were no other [skills] left ; other than future income from the film and recording contracts .

In a move to consolidate the company assets , the Manor , the various office properties throughout West London and the Virgin island were revalued .
in a move to consolidate the company [skills] , the manor , the various office properties throughout west london and the virgin island were revalued .

Such assets as Virgin had were almost meaningless : not the bricks and mortar so reassuring on the balance sheet , but the more nebulous assets of music and publishing copyrights tangible enough , perhaps , to people who understood the music business , and knew that at any given moment Virgin could raise millions if they so chose ; less comprehensible to a bank where customers were still greeted by frock-coated doormen .
such [skills] as virgin had were almost meaningless : not the bricks and mortar so reassuring on the balance sheet , but the more nebulous [skills] of music and publishing copyrights tangible enough , perhaps , to people who understood the music business , and knew that at any given moment virgin could raise millions if they so chose ; less comprehensible to a bank where customers were still greeted by frock-coated doormen .

After the first visit Mr. Burgess made a note that , inter alia , the deceased ‘ could clearly remember what his assets were .
after the first visit mr. burgess made a note that , inter alia , the deceased ‘ could clearly remember what his [skills] were .

The deputy judge inferred that the deceased was seriously confused as to the extent of his assets .
the deputy judge inferred that the deceased was seriously confused as to the extent of his [skills] .

‘ Between 30 October 1984 and 9 January 1985 each of the first four plaintiffs entered into a mortgage debenture charging its assets to secure repayment of moneys advanced to it by the first defendant , which was then known as Johnson Matthey Bankers Ltd .
‘ between 30 october 1984 and 9 january 1985 each of the first four plaintiffs entered into a mortgage debenture charging its [skills] to secure repayment of moneys advanced to it by the first defendant , which was then known as johnson matthey bankers ltd .

By two mortgages dated 18 February 1985 and 25 October 1985 respectively , the sixth plaintiff entered into legal mortgages , charging specific assets to secure moneys owed to the first defendant by the second plaintiff and its subsidiaries .
by two mortgages dated 18 february 1985 and 25 october 1985 respectively , the sixth plaintiff entered into legal mortgages , charging specific [skills] to secure moneys owed to the first defendant by the second plaintiff and its subsidiaries .

On 17 July 1985 , the seventh plaintiff , and on 26 July 1983 and 17 July 1985 the eighth plaintiff , also entered into legal mortgages charging specific assets to secure moneys owed to the first defendant by the second plaintiff and its subsidiaries .
on 17 july 1985 , the seventh plaintiff , and on 26 july 1983 and 17 july 1985 the eighth plaintiff , also entered into legal mortgages charging specific [skills] to secure moneys owed to the first defendant by the second plaintiff and its subsidiaries .

Lastly , on 6 June 1985 the first five plaintiffs entered into a guarantee and debenture charging all their assets to secure moneys owed by them , or by others of the first five plaintiffs , to the first defendant .
lastly , on 6 june 1985 the first five plaintiffs entered into a guarantee and debenture charging all their [skills] to secure moneys owed by them , or by others of the first five plaintiffs , to the first defendant .

‘ Demands were made for the repayment of the moneys advanced to companies in the group , and when the demands were not met , the second and third defendants were appointed joint receivers of the assets of the first five plaintiffs , and of the assets specifically charged by the sixth and seventh plaintiffs .
‘ demands were made for the repayment of the moneys advanced to companies in the group , and when the demands were not met , the second and third defendants were appointed joint receivers of the [skills] of the first five plaintiffs , and of the [skills] specifically charged by the sixth and seventh plaintiffs .

… The fund in court represents assets belonging to the Republic of Somalia .
… the fund in court represents [skills] belonging to the republic of somalia .

Fairness to his creditors demands that he should not be able to deplete his assets in this way in a deliberate attempt to put them beyond the reach of his creditors .
fairness to his creditors demands that he should not be able to deplete his [skills] in this way in a deliberate attempt to put them beyond the reach of his creditors .

( 2 ) An institution shall not be regarded as conducting its business in a prudent manner unless it maintains or , as the case may be , will maintain net assets which , together with other financial resources available to the institution of such nature and amount as are considered appropriate by the Bank , are — ( a ) of an amount which is commensurate with the nature and scale of the institution 's operations ; and ( b ) of an amount and nature sufficient to safeguard the interests of its depositors and potential depositors , having regard to the particular factors mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3 ) below and any other factors appearing to the Bank to be relevant .
( 2 ) an institution shall not be regarded as conducting its business in a prudent manner unless it maintains or , as the case may be , will maintain net [skills] which , together with other financial resources available to the institution of such nature and amount as are considered appropriate by the bank , are — ( a ) of an amount which is commensurate with the nature and scale of the institution 's operations ; and ( b ) of an amount and nature sufficient to safeguard the interests of its depositors and potential depositors , having regard to the particular factors mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3 ) below and any other factors appearing to the bank to be relevant .

It is noteworthy , though perhaps it goes without saying , that in order to make the requisite evaluation of prudence , the Bank of England will require information both as to assets ( comprising inter alia loans to customers ) and deposits ( comprising inter alia money deposited by customers ) .
it is noteworthy , though perhaps it goes without saying , that in order to make the requisite evaluation of prudence , the bank of england will require information both as to [skills] ( comprising inter alia loans to customers ) and deposits ( comprising inter alia money deposited by customers ) .

‘ ( a ) the survival of the company , and the whole or any part of its undertaking , as a going concern ; … ( d ) a more advantageous realisation of the company 's assets than would be effected on a winding up .
‘ ( a ) the survival of the company , and the whole or any part of its undertaking , as a going concern ; … ( d ) a more advantageous realisation of the company 's [skills] than would be effected on a winding up .

‘ ( a ) setting out with full particulars all dealings by the first defendant or anyone on his behalf with : ( i ) the moneys referred to in schedule 1 to this order ; and ( ii ) all and any sums or assets representing or derived from those moneys ; and … ( c ) exhibiting copies of all documents which relate to the receipt or transfer of , or dealing with all such assets , and in particular all such documents as are set out in schedule 3 hereto and are in the possession custody or power of the first defendant .
‘ ( a ) setting out with full particulars all dealings by the first defendant or anyone on his behalf with : ( i ) the moneys referred to in schedule 1 to this order ; and ( ii ) all and any sums or [skills] representing or derived from those moneys ; and … ( c ) exhibiting copies of all documents which relate to the receipt or transfer of , or dealing with all such [skills] , and in particular all such documents as are set out in schedule 3 hereto and are in the possession custody or power of the first defendant .

… ’ Schedule 3 specifies all documents , correspondence and memoranda relating to any accounts or assets , owned or controlled by the first 16 defendants , and to their dealings with the assets of the defendants or the sums described in Schedule 1 .
… ’ schedule 3 specifies all documents , correspondence and memoranda relating to any accounts or [skills] , owned or controlled by the first 16 defendants , and to their dealings with the [skills] of the defendants or the sums described in schedule 1 .

There were certain ancillary provisions attached to the order , including the requirement that the appellants swear an affidavit setting out the details of all their assets .
there were certain ancillary provisions attached to the order , including the requirement that the appellants swear an affidavit setting out the details of all their [skills] .

The statutory scheme for bankruptcy is to be found in the Insolvency Act 1986 and the Insolvency Rules 1986 and has the following main objectives : ( 1 ) to enable the bankrupt 's affairs and dealings to be investigated under the control of the court ; ( 2 ) to provide the statutory machinery for the collection and rateable distribution of the bankrupt 's available assets ( or those assets which ought to form part of his estate ) with a view to satisfying his debts so far as may be practicable ; ( 3 ) to rehabilitate the bankrupt through the process of discharge .
the statutory scheme for bankruptcy is to be found in the insolvency act 1986 and the insolvency rules 1986 and has the following main objectives : ( 1 ) to enable the bankrupt 's affairs and dealings to be investigated under the control of the court ; ( 2 ) to provide the statutory machinery for the collection and rateable distribution of the bankrupt 's available [skills] ( or those [skills] which ought to form part of his estate ) with a view to satisfying his debts so far as may be practicable ; ( 3 ) to rehabilitate the bankrupt through the process of discharge .

‘ Typically , when lending money to a company , a bank will take as security a charge over all or most of the assets of the company , present and future , the charge being a fixed charge on land and certain other assets , and a floating charge over the remaining assets .
‘ typically , when lending money to a company , a bank will take as security a charge over all or most of the [skills] of the company , present and future , the charge being a fixed charge on land and certain other [skills] , and a floating charge over the remaining [skills] .

Both may have assets located in England and abroad .
both may have [skills] located in england and abroad .

‘ Subject to the provisions of this Ordinance , profits tax shall be charged for each year of assessment at the standard rate on every person carrying on a trade , profession or business in Hong Kong in respect of his assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong for that year from such trade , profession or business ( excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets ) as ascertained in accordance with this Part .
‘ subject to the provisions of this ordinance , profits tax shall be charged for each year of assessment at the standard rate on every person carrying on a trade , profession or business in hong kong in respect of his assessable profits arising in or derived from hong kong for that year from such trade , profession or business ( excluding profits arising from the sale of capital [skills] ) as ascertained in accordance with this part .

Alternatively , the profit was earned by the exploitation of property assets and arose or was derived from the places where those assets were when sold or licensed and remain ; all outside Hong Kong .
alternatively , the profit was earned by the exploitation of property [skills] and arose or was derived from the places where those [skills] were when sold or licensed and remain ; all outside hong kong .

But if the profit was earned by the exploitation of property assets as by letting property , lending money or dealing in commodities or securities by buying and reselling at a profit , the profit will have arisen in or derived from the place where the property was let , the money was lent or the contracts of purchase and sale were effected .
but if the profit was earned by the exploitation of property [skills] as by letting property , lending money or dealing in commodities or securities by buying and reselling at a profit , the profit will have arisen in or derived from the place where the property was let , the money was lent or the contracts of purchase and sale were effected .

Mr. Park , for the taxpayer , argued that there were two alternative approaches to the problem : ( 1 ) the taxpayer provided a service in an overseas territory , say Vancouver , by sub-licensing in Vancouver , or ( 2 ) the taxpayer exploited property assets by sub-licensing rights which were only capable of use in Vancouver .
mr. park , for the taxpayer , argued that there were two alternative approaches to the problem : ( 1 ) the taxpayer provided a service in an overseas territory , say vancouver , by sub-licensing in vancouver , or ( 2 ) the taxpayer exploited property [skills] by sub-licensing rights which were only capable of use in vancouver .

‘ Until commission of the act of bankruptcy he was , of course , the beneficial owner of whatever assets he possessed , but by the act of bankruptcy his title to be regarded as such beneficial owner is no longer absolute , but is contingent on no bankruptcy petition being presented within three months of the date of the act of bankruptcy which leads to a receiving order being made .
‘ until commission of the act of bankruptcy he was , of course , the beneficial owner of whatever [skills] he possessed , but by the act of bankruptcy his title to be regarded as such beneficial owner is no longer absolute , but is contingent on no bankruptcy petition being presented within three months of the date of the act of bankruptcy which leads to a receiving order being made .

If such receiving order be made the whole of the assets vest in his trustee as from the date of the act of bankruptcy .
if such receiving order be made the whole of the [skills] vest in his trustee as from the date of the act of bankruptcy .

On the hearing of a debtor 's petition , the court must not make a bankruptcy order where the total of the debtor 's debts would be less than the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently £20,000 , the minimum value of the debtor 's assets would be equal to or more than the `` minimum amount `` , currently £2,000 , the debtor has not been adjudicated bankrupt nor entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement within the last five years and it would be appropriate to appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report ( s 273 ) .
on the hearing of a debtor 's petition , the court must not make a bankruptcy order where the total of the debtor 's debts would be less than the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently £20,000 , the minimum value of the debtor 's [skills] would be equal to or more than the `` minimum amount `` , currently £2,000 , the debtor has not been adjudicated bankrupt nor entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement within the last five years and it would be appropriate to appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report ( s 273 ) .

The application must be supported by an affidavit setting out the grounds for the application , whether or not the official receiver has been informed of it and an estimate of the value of the assets of the debtor .
the application must be supported by an affidavit setting out the grounds for the application , whether or not the official receiver has been informed of it and an estimate of the value of the [skills] of the debtor .

If a bankruptcy order is subsequently made , the deposit will be returned unless the assets of the debtor prove to be of insufficient value to cover the costs of the interim receiver ( r6.53 ( 3 ) ) .
if a bankruptcy order is subsequently made , the deposit will be returned unless the [skills] of the debtor prove to be of insufficient value to cover the costs of the interim receiver ( r6.53 ( 3 ) ) .

The remuneration of the interim receiver will be fixed by the court from time to time , taking into account the time spent , the complexity of the matter , the value and nature of the property , etc and will be paid either by the debtor ( if no bankruptcy order is made ) or out of the debtor 's assets as a charge upon them ( r6.56 ) .
the remuneration of the interim receiver will be fixed by the court from time to time , taking into account the time spent , the complexity of the matter , the value and nature of the property , etc and will be paid either by the debtor ( if no bankruptcy order is made ) or out of the debtor 's [skills] as a charge upon them ( r6.56 ) .

If the application for annulment is made because all the debts and expenses have been paid or secured , at least twenty-one days before the hearing fixed for the application to be heard , the trustee , or the official receiver if no trustee has been appointed , must file a report containing details of the assets and liabilities of the bankrupt , the circumstances leading to the bankruptcy and any other matters thought fit ( r 6.207 ( 2 ) ) .
if the application for annulment is made because all the debts and expenses have been paid or secured , at least twenty-one days before the hearing fixed for the application to be heard , the trustee , or the official receiver if no trustee has been appointed , must file a report containing details of the [skills] and liabilities of the bankrupt , the circumstances leading to the bankruptcy and any other matters thought fit ( r 6.207 ( 2 ) ) .

Any dispositions of property or payments made by the bankrupt between the date of the presentation of the bankruptcy petition and the vesting of his assets in his trustee are void except to the extent that they were made with the consent of the court or were subsequently ratified by the court ( s 284 ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) ) .
any dispositions of property or payments made by the bankrupt between the date of the presentation of the bankruptcy petition and the vesting of his [skills] in his trustee are void except to the extent that they were made with the consent of the court or were subsequently ratified by the court ( s 284 ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) ) .

It can determine that the trustee should be paid a percentage of the value of the assets realised and/or distributed , or by reference to the time spent by the trustee and his staff , and must have regard to the complexity or otherwise of the matter , any exceptional responsibility falling on the trustee , the trustee 's effectiveness and the value and nature of the assets dealt with by the trustee .
it can determine that the trustee should be paid a percentage of the value of the [skills] realised and/or distributed , or by reference to the time spent by the trustee and his staff , and must have regard to the complexity or otherwise of the matter , any exceptional responsibility falling on the trustee , the trustee 's effectiveness and the value and nature of the [skills] dealt with by the trustee .

The trustee need not comply with any request for information where it appears to him that the request is frivolous or unreasonable or the cost of complying would be excessive or there are not sufficient assets to meet the cost of complying ( r 6.152 ( 2 ) ) .
the trustee need not comply with any request for information where it appears to him that the request is frivolous or unreasonable or the cost of complying would be excessive or there are not sufficient [skills] to meet the cost of complying ( r 6.152 ( 2 ) ) .

There is no time limit for the submission of proofs but a creditor who has not proved his debt can not benefit from any distribution of the bankrupt 's assets .
there is no time limit for the submission of proofs but a creditor who has not proved his debt can not benefit from any distribution of the bankrupt 's [skills] .

The notice , which can be sent out with the dividend itself , must include the following particulars : ( i ) amounts realised from the sale of assets ; ( ii ) payments made by the trustee in the administration of the estate ; ( iii ) provision for unsettled claims and funds retained for particular purposes ; ( iv ) the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend ; and ( v ) whether , and if so when , any further dividend is expected to be declared ( r 11.6 ( 2 ) ) .
the notice , which can be sent out with the dividend itself , must include the following particulars : ( i ) amounts realised from the sale of [skills] ; ( ii ) payments made by the trustee in the administration of the estate ; ( iii ) provision for unsettled claims and funds retained for particular purposes ; ( iv ) the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend ; and ( v ) whether , and if so when , any further dividend is expected to be declared ( r 11.6 ( 2 ) ) .

George Walker , founder and big wheel of the Brent Walker empire , has made use of a refinancing package to save the leisure-based company , but there are rumours that Brent Walker might also have to sell off assets .
george walker , founder and big wheel of the brent walker empire , has made use of a refinancing package to save the leisure-based company , but there are rumours that brent walker might also have to sell off [skills] .

What major assets do Brent Walker have ? Why , Brighton Marina and Puerto Sherry Marina , near Cadiz in Spain .
what major [skills] do brent walker have ? why , brighton marina and puerto sherry marina , near cadiz in spain .

The British already had substantial intelligence `` assets `` in Teheran .
the british already had substantial intelligence `` [skills] `` in teheran .

That , with what would certainly be substantial assets and income from other sources , combined with whatever part of the Saunderson fortune was brought into the marriage by Olive , allowed the Fields to indulge in a stylish and lavish way of life .
that , with what would certainly be substantial [skills] and income from other sources , combined with whatever part of the saunderson fortune was brought into the marriage by olive , allowed the fields to indulge in a stylish and lavish way of life .

Technical assessments by medical , nursing , counselling , psychological and clergy members of staff giving a composite picture of the sufferer 's clinical history and of his or her assets and deficiencies .
technical assessments by medical , nursing , counselling , psychological and clergy members of staff giving a composite picture of the sufferer 's clinical history and of his or her [skills] and deficiencies .

The group reflect what they see of the sufferer 's assets and defects ( never defects alone ) and he or she is helped towards the recognition that his or her previous life truly had become unmanageable and that he or she had tried desperately to control everything but was finally having to admit defeat and accept powerlessness .
the group reflect what they see of the sufferer 's [skills] and defects ( never defects alone ) and he or she is helped towards the recognition that his or her previous life truly had become unmanageable and that he or she had tried desperately to control everything but was finally having to admit defeat and accept powerlessness .

In Committee , it emerged that the Scottish Development Agency has been investing public money in the private operator Stagecoach to enable it to put together 15 million with which to buy some of the public assets involved in this privatisation The Minister said that the money that the Scottish Development Agency invested in Stagecoach was more than f65,000 , but less than £l million .
in committee , it emerged that the scottish development agency has been investing public money in the private operator stagecoach to enable it to put together 15 million with which to buy some of the public [skills] involved in this privatisation the minister said that the money that the scottish development agency invested in stagecoach was more than f65,000 , but less than £l million .

" and in giving such directions the Secretary of State shall direct that no fixed assets shall be sold by a disposed undertaking within a period of five years without the consent of the Secretary of State " .
" and in giving such directions the secretary of state shall direct that no fixed [skills] shall be sold by a disposed undertaking within a period of five years without the consent of the secretary of state " .

Mr. Wilson : We now come to the disposal of assets of the Scottish Transport Group .
mr. wilson : we now come to the disposal of [skills] of the scottish transport group .

5 deals with the assets of the undertaking and states that they should not be disposed of within five years after privatisation .
5 deals with the [skills] of the undertaking and states that they should not be disposed of within five years after privatisation .

We have only to look at the string of sell-offs of assets of the former National Bus Company groups after privatisation to demonstrate conclusively that those are not far-fetched fears or exaggerated concerns .
we have only to look at the string of sell-offs of [skills] of the former national bus company groups after privatisation to demonstrate conclusively that those are not far-fetched fears or exaggerated concerns .

It is believed that the selling price for the mobile assets of Hampshire Bus was about 1 million .
it is believed that the selling price for the mobile [skills] of hampshire bus was about 1 million .

In other words , it is defensible to buy public assets cheap in order to sell them dear .
in other words , it is defensible to buy public [skills] cheap in order to sell them dear .

Someone has said that the assets of Hampshire Bus were worth $ 2 million .
someone has said that the [skills] of hampshire bus were worth $ 2 million .

If the Minister admits that monumental errors were made that allowed those profits to accrue to companies that were almost given the assets of the National Bus Company , he must tell us what will be inserted in the legislation to prevent those errors from being made again .
if the minister admits that monumental errors were made that allowed those profits to accrue to companies that were almost given the [skills] of the national bus company , he must tell us what will be inserted in the legislation to prevent those errors from being made again .

Assets were sold not to be reinvested in mobile assets or to provide better services , but simply to take profits out of the company without regard to how they had been earned .
[skills] were sold not to be reinvested in mobile [skills] or to provide better services , but simply to take profits out of the company without regard to how they had been earned .

Gentleman must have studied what has happened in the company referred to , so he will know that it has used the assets to buy new buses .
gentleman must have studied what has happened in the company referred to , so he will know that it has used the [skills] to buy new buses .

That is using assets , not stripping them .
that is using [skills] , not stripping them .

The people who suffer if they are broken are not the owners , the shareholders or the board of directors , but those who work in the industry — people who have given their lives to that industry , built up the companies ' assets and made them into going concerns attractive for privatisation .
the people who suffer if they are broken are not the owners , the shareholders or the board of directors , but those who work in the industry — people who have given their lives to that industry , built up the companies ' [skills] and made them into going concerns attractive for privatisation .

5 , which would prevent any of the privatised bus companies from disposing of fixed assets within five years without the consent of the Secretary of State .
5 , which would prevent any of the privatised bus companies from disposing of fixed [skills] within five years without the consent of the secretary of state .

We obviously want to avoid asset stripping and the selling on of assets at a large profit .
we obviously want to avoid asset stripping and the selling on of [skills] at a large profit .

The second option is to sell the property along with the company but ensure that the price received for the company fully reflects the range of values for the assets .
the second option is to sell the property along with the company but ensure that the price received for the company fully reflects the range of values for the [skills] .

Whether that was due to incompetence or corruption , we shall never know , but we know that public assets were sold off cheaply to be sold on dear .
whether that was due to incompetence or corruption , we shall never know , but we know that public [skills] were sold off cheaply to be sold on dear .

If the Government had given away Hampshire Bus and the assets had then been sold for £2 , 1 million , the profit would have been the same to the buyer , and the loss to the public purse in real terms would have been no less .
if the government had given away hampshire bus and the [skills] had then been sold for £2 , 1 million , the profit would have been the same to the buyer , and the loss to the public purse in real terms would have been no less .

Dean ( 1951 ) stressed the difference between incremental investments and major additions to the corporate stock of assets .
dean ( 1951 ) stressed the difference between incremental investments and major additions to the corporate stock of [skills] .

It was forever seeking longer credit from its suppliers , it was never able to be paid quickly enough by its customers and did not boast adequate assets to borrow permanent capital .
it was forever seeking longer credit from its suppliers , it was never able to be paid quickly enough by its customers and did not boast adequate [skills] to borrow permanent capital .

‘ Marius Steen made over his three houses and about 75 per cent of his other assets to his son some years ago .
‘ marius steen made over his three houses and about 75 per cent of his other [skills] to his son some years ago .

‘ So what we 're talking about is only 25 per cent of Marius Steen 's assets other than the houses .
‘ so what we 're talking about is only 25 per cent of marius steen 's [skills] other than the houses .

He had spent many beery hours just assessing the value of all visible assets , and visualizing the invisible .
he had spent many beery hours just assessing the value of all visible [skills] , and visualizing the invisible .

In order to compensate , local authorities increasingly financed capital ( expenditure ) out of current revenues ( rates and charges ) and — particularly after 1980 with the Thatcher government 's emphasis on council housing and land sales — with capital receipts from disposal of assets .
in order to compensate , local authorities increasingly financed capital ( expenditure ) out of current revenues ( rates and charges ) and — particularly after 1980 with the thatcher government 's emphasis on council housing and land sales — with capital receipts from disposal of [skills] .

The term ‘ resource ’ covers all assets available to man , and some further resources of polar regions are coming to be valued increasingly in a crowded world .
the term ‘ resource ’ covers all [skills] available to man , and some further resources of polar regions are coming to be valued increasingly in a crowded world .

As new lands were discovered , rights to exploit inshore fish , seals and other assets were sometimes claimed along with the territory , but neither policing nor management were usually practicable .
as new lands were discovered , rights to exploit inshore fish , seals and other [skills] were sometimes claimed along with the territory , but neither policing nor management were usually practicable .

They sold their assets — empty sites , empty schools , council houses — in the hope this would permit them to continue to build with the money .
they sold their [skills] — empty sites , empty schools , council houses — in the hope this would permit them to continue to build with the money .

The democratic forms of the Council and committees and the rigid hierarchical structure of the service have some great strengths but in many ways are not geared to the modern task of managing thousands of people and hundreds of millions of pounds of assets .
the democratic forms of the council and committees and the rigid hierarchical structure of the service have some great strengths but in many ways are not geared to the modern task of managing thousands of people and hundreds of millions of pounds of [skills] .

Another way to measure an individual 's capacity to pay tax is the amount of capital assets he or she may have .
another way to measure an individual 's capacity to pay tax is the amount of capital [skills] he or she may have .

The trusts are independent public corporations whose assets , like their buildings , are owned by and can be sold by the trust .
the trusts are independent public corporations whose [skills] , like their buildings , are owned by and can be sold by the trust .

Since central government had always paid for new building , local districts and services did not have to face the cost of using buildings and capital , and hence tended to waste space and capital assets .
since central government had always paid for new building , local districts and services did not have to face the cost of using buildings and capital , and hence tended to waste space and capital [skills] .

There are several specialist groups for business , subcontractors , large-scale tax avoidance and transfer of assets overseas .
there are several specialist groups for business , subcontractors , large-scale tax avoidance and transfer of [skills] overseas .

Software can form part of an organisation 's assets , but may need continual adaptation and enhancement in order to keep it effective .
software can form part of an organisation 's [skills] , but may need continual adaptation and enhancement in order to keep it effective .

The court will not validate a transaction where there are serious doubts as to the company 's solvency , such that continued trading could reduce the value of the assets to the prejudice of the company 's creditors or shareholders , such as by continuing to incur trading losses .
the court will not validate a transaction where there are serious doubts as to the company 's solvency , such that continued trading could reduce the value of the [skills] to the prejudice of the company 's creditors or shareholders , such as by continuing to incur trading losses .

This principle stems from the desire to preserve the value of the company 's assets for the benefit of all creditors once it becomes insolvent .
this principle stems from the desire to preserve the value of the company 's [skills] for the benefit of all creditors once it becomes insolvent .

One important common determinant is the level of gearing , both capital gearing ( debt as a proportion of assets ) and income gearing ( interest payments as a proportion of income ) , with higher levels of indebtedness associated with a greater likelihood that fixed contractual obligations to creditors ( principally interest payments ) can not be met .
one important common determinant is the level of gearing , both capital gearing ( debt as a proportion of [skills] ) and income gearing ( interest payments as a proportion of income ) , with higher levels of indebtedness associated with a greater likelihood that fixed contractual obligations to creditors ( principally interest payments ) can not be met .

Borrowers who have taken out loans ion illiquid assets or assets whose value subsequently falls are particularly vulnerable .
borrowers who have taken out loans ion illiquid [skills] or [skills] whose value subsequently falls are particularly vulnerable .

Part of the explanation lies in the greater liquidity of the second-hand market for residential dwellings ; corporate assets are more difficult to resell because of difficulties in ascertaining quality .
part of the explanation lies in the greater liquidity of the second-hand market for residential dwellings ; corporate [skills] are more difficult to resell because of difficulties in ascertaining quality .

For the big four clearing banks , the stock of domestic provisions in relation to domestic lending ( 1.65 per cent in 1990 ) remains some way below the levels of the early 1980s and , while building societies ' mortgage losses and provision were at a record level in relation to mean assets last year ( 0.23 per cent ) , the ratio remained small in absolute terms .
for the big four clearing banks , the stock of domestic provisions in relation to domestic lending ( 1.65 per cent in 1990 ) remains some way below the levels of the early 1980s and , while building societies ' mortgage losses and provision were at a record level in relation to mean [skills] last year ( 0.23 per cent ) , the ratio remained small in absolute terms .

During recession , unemployment is high , bankruptcies rise , financial assets fail , so the only factor to fuel revival is credit .
during recession , unemployment is high , bankruptcies rise , financial [skills] fail , so the only factor to fuel revival is credit .

Easily the most common meaning attributed to privatisation , however , is the sale of public assets .
easily the most common meaning attributed to privatisation , however , is the sale of public [skills] .

The other major sale of public assets has been the sale of council houses , and there can be little doubt that the sale of individual houses to tenants has , from the government 's point of view , been a success .
the other major sale of public [skills] has been the sale of council houses , and there can be little doubt that the sale of individual houses to tenants has , from the government 's point of view , been a success .

Material Assets Use generous amounts of fabric to create romantic-style window treatments in your bedroom .
material [skills] use generous amounts of fabric to create romantic-style window treatments in your bedroom .

This means each partner can make a profit by selling assets of up to £5,000 in any one tax year without having a tax bill from the Inland Revenue .
this means each partner can make a profit by selling [skills] of up to £5,000 in any one tax year without having a tax bill from the inland revenue .

Wealth and technological superiority are by far its greatest military assets , dying is not popular among either American soldiers or civilians , and until Gorbachev came along , a world war against the Soviets was the only one for which the Pentagon prepared .
wealth and technological superiority are by far its greatest military [skills] , dying is not popular among either american soldiers or civilians , and until gorbachev came along , a world war against the soviets was the only one for which the pentagon prepared .

In addition , poinding of assets can take place and a warrant sale can be carried out to realise those effects at a later date .
in addition , poinding of [skills] can take place and a warrant sale can be carried out to realise those effects at a later date .

Sylvester Stallone keeps his assets in shape by swallowing 65 vitamin pills a day .
sylvester stallone keeps his [skills] in shape by swallowing 65 vitamin pills a day .

It is a simply a question of reassuring partners or close companions , rectifying the mistakes made approximately six months ago and capitalising on property or other assets .
it is a simply a question of reassuring partners or close companions , rectifying the mistakes made approximately six months ago and capitalising on property or other [skills] .

He wondered if there were any other assets .
he wondered if there were any other [skills] .

This heightening of awareness needs to be approached cautiously in order to avoid destroying one of the great assets of native speakers when teaching their language — their natural focus on message rather than medium .
this heightening of awareness needs to be approached cautiously in order to avoid destroying one of the great [skills] of native speakers when teaching their language — their natural focus on message rather than medium .

There had been loss of shipping and sales of overseas assets , but there was no great disruption and dislocation .
there had been loss of shipping and sales of overseas [skills] , but there was no great disruption and dislocation .

‘ It 's not their assets that are getting knocked off .
‘ it 's not their [skills] that are getting knocked off .

economically , relying on analysis of the distribution of economic resources in society , in terms of income ( money earned from paid employment and dividends on investment ) and wealth ( other financial assets eg. land , property , shares ) ; and
economically , relying on analysis of the distribution of economic resources in society , in terms of income ( money earned from paid employment and dividends on investment ) and wealth ( other financial [skills] eg. land , property , shares ) ; and

Over the years John Galloway had acquired many other business and financial interests , in such firms as Earle 's Shipbuilding & Engineering Company in Hull , the Carnforth Hematite Iron Company , and the North of England Trustee , Debenture & Assets Corporation Ltd .
over the years john galloway had acquired many other business and financial interests , in such firms as earle 's shipbuilding & engineering company in hull , the carnforth hematite iron company , and the north of england trustee , debenture & [skills] corporation ltd .

The failure to discharge his bankruptcy by 1802 compelled Koops 's creditors to issue a writ , inter alia , for seizure of the Straw Paper Manufactory 's assets .
the failure to discharge his bankruptcy by 1802 compelled koops 's creditors to issue a writ , inter alia , for seizure of the straw paper manufactory 's [skills] .

After 1855 his grip on the business slackened ; in 1864 , when the partnership was converted into a joint-stock company with industrial assets valued at about one million pounds , Vaughan became deputy chairman of Bolckow , Vaughan & Co .
after 1855 his grip on the business slackened ; in 1864 , when the partnership was converted into a joint-stock company with industrial [skills] valued at about one million pounds , vaughan became deputy chairman of bolckow , vaughan & co .

His meticulously kept accounts reveal a landed income of about £5,000 per annum and total assets at death worth about £180,000 , a sum which if translated roughly into modern values would put him into the multimillionaire category .
his meticulously kept accounts reveal a landed income of about £5,000 per annum and total [skills] at death worth about £180,000 , a sum which if translated roughly into modern values would put him into the multimillionaire category .

In 1931 the company was bought , to Bentley 's chagrin , by its rival , Rolls-Royce , Bentley 's service contract being among the assets acquired .
in 1931 the company was bought , to bentley 's chagrin , by its rival , rolls-royce , bentley 's service contract being among the [skills] acquired .

Ltd. , manufacturers of gas holders and iron and steelworks plant , became general manager of both companies in 1931 , managing director in 1938 , and in 1951 executive chairman of the Power Gas Corporation Ltd. , which by then had acquired all the assets of the subsidiary company .
ltd. , manufacturers of gas holders and iron and steelworks plant , became general manager of both companies in 1931 , managing director in 1938 , and in 1951 executive chairman of the power gas corporation ltd. , which by then had acquired all the [skills] of the subsidiary company .

Yet in Parliament in 1593 he had apparently spoken of the need to maximize yields from royal assets in order to finance the strong army which he thought so important .
yet in parliament in 1593 he had apparently spoken of the need to maximize yields from royal [skills] in order to finance the strong army which he thought so important .

It was also objected that he wielded excessive personal power over the nation 's financial assets , for he continually asserted the Bank 's independence from the Treasury in a manner both arbitrary and overbearing , ignoring the protests of Reginald McKenna [ q.v . ]
it was also objected that he wielded excessive personal power over the nation 's financial [skills] , for he continually asserted the bank 's independence from the treasury in a manner both arbitrary and overbearing , ignoring the protests of reginald mckenna [ q.v . ]

In the old deed of settlement company , which was merely an enlarged partnership with the partnership property vested in trustees , it was clear that the members ' ‘ shares ’ entitled them to an equitable interest in the assets .
in the old deed of settlement company , which was merely an enlarged partnership with the partnership property vested in trustees , it was clear that the members ' ‘ shares ’ entitled them to an equitable interest in the [skills] .

Even with the modern partnership , no very satisfactory solution to this problem has been found , and the most one can say is that the partners have an equitable interest , often described as a lien , which floats over the partnership assets throughout the duration of the firm , although it crystallises only on dissolution .
even with the modern partnership , no very satisfactory solution to this problem has been found , and the most one can say is that the partners have an equitable interest , often described as a lien , which floats over the partnership [skills] throughout the duration of the firm , although it crystallises only on dissolution .

Still , there is admittedly some sort of proprietary nexus ( however vague and ill-defined ) between the partnership assets and the parents .
still , there is admittedly some sort of proprietary nexus ( however vague and ill-defined ) between the partnership [skills] and the parents .

At one time it was thought that the same applied to an incorporated company , except that the company itself held its assets as trustee for its members .
at one time it was thought that the same applied to an incorporated company , except that the company itself held its [skills] as trustee for its members .

Shareholders have ceased to be regarded as having equitable interests in the company 's assets ; ‘ shareholders are not , in the eyes of the law , part owners of the undertaking .
shareholders have ceased to be regarded as having equitable interests in the company 's [skills] ; ‘ shareholders are not , in the eyes of the law , part owners of the undertaking .

But as no one shareholder had control to sell , the Government was able to acquire control of the company 's assets for a fraction of their true value ( and for a fraction of what it would have had to pay on a take-over bid ) .
but as no one shareholder had control to sell , the government was able to acquire control of the company 's [skills] for a fraction of their true value ( and for a fraction of what it would have had to pay on a take-over bid ) .

Where shares are entitled to participate in surplus capital on a winding up , prima facie they participate in all surplus assets and not merely in that part which does not represent undistributed profits that might have been distributed as dividend to another class .
where shares are entitled to participate in surplus capital on a winding up , prima facie they participate in all surplus [skills] and not merely in that part which does not represent undistributed profits that might have been distributed as dividend to another class .

Hence if shares are given a preferential dividend they are presumed to be non-participating as regards further dividends , and if they are given a preferential right to a return of capital they are presumed to be non-participating in surplus assets .
hence if shares are given a preferential dividend they are presumed to be non-participating as regards further dividends , and if they are given a preferential right to a return of capital they are presumed to be non-participating in surplus [skills] .

When the arrears are payable , the presumption is that they are to be paid provided there are surplus assets available , whether or not these represent accumulated profits which might have been distributed by way of dividend , but that they are payable only to the date of the commencement of the winding up .
when the arrears are payable , the presumption is that they are to be paid provided there are surplus [skills] available , whether or not these represent accumulated profits which might have been distributed by way of dividend , but that they are payable only to the date of the commencement of the winding up .

The legal relationship between a company and its debentureholders is simply the contractual relationship of debtor and creditor , coupled , if the debt is secured on some or all of the company 's assets , with that of mortgagor and mortgagee .
the legal relationship between a company and its debentureholders is simply the contractual relationship of debtor and creditor , coupled , if the debt is secured on some or all of the company 's [skills] , with that of mortgagor and mortgagee .

Moreover , where the debenture is secured by a floating charge on all the undertaking and assets of the company , he will have a legal or equitable interest in the company 's business , albeit of a different kind from that of its shareholders .
moreover , where the debenture is secured by a floating charge on all the undertaking and [skills] of the company , he will have a legal or equitable interest in the company 's business , albeit of a different kind from that of its shareholders .

‘ In this Act , unless the contrary intention appears … ‘ debenture ’ includes debenture stock , bonds and other securities of a company , whether constituting a charge on the assets of the company or not .
‘ in this act , unless the contrary intention appears … ‘ debenture ’ includes debenture stock , bonds and other securities of a company , whether constituting a charge on the [skills] of the company or not .

These rights , as we have seen , may include a charge on all or some of the company 's assets .
these rights , as we have seen , may include a charge on all or some of the company 's [skills] .

In the first place it will enable the security to be by way of specific legal mortgage or charge on the company 's land as well as by way of equitable floating charge on the rest of the assets .
in the first place it will enable the security to be by way of specific legal mortgage or charge on the company 's land as well as by way of equitable floating charge on the rest of the [skills] .

Almost invariably debentures issued by a company will be secured by a charge over the company 's assets .
almost invariably debentures issued by a company will be secured by a charge over the company 's [skills] .

’ This brings out what is perhaps the essential feature of a security interest , namely , that ultimately it gives the holder of the security a proprietary claim over assets , normally the debtor 's , to secure payment of the debt .
’ this brings out what is perhaps the essential feature of a security interest , namely , that ultimately it gives the holder of the security a proprietary claim over [skills] , normally the debtor 's , to secure payment of the debt .

Obviously , if all security interests were possessory it would make secured borrowing virtually impossible as a debtor would be deprived of the ability to use the assets subject to the security in the course of business ( but English law has for long recognised non-possessory security interests ) .
obviously , if all security interests were possessory it would make secured borrowing virtually impossible as a debtor would be deprived of the ability to use the [skills] subject to the security in the course of business ( but english law has for long recognised non-possessory security interests ) .

It is of critical importance with respect to the registration of company charges since charges created by a company over its assets are treated differently from charges over a company 's assets arising other than by the creation of the company .
it is of critical importance with respect to the registration of company charges since charges created by a company over its [skills] are treated differently from charges over a company 's [skills] arising other than by the creation of the company .

To complicate the picture even further , there are a number of other devices which , although not strictly security interests in the sense of vesting some type of proprietary interest in the creditor or which give him possessory control over assets of the debtor company , nevertheless act as security .
to complicate the picture even further , there are a number of other devices which , although not strictly security interests in the sense of vesting some type of proprietary interest in the creditor or which give him possessory control over [skills] of the debtor company , nevertheless act as security .

Although this does not vest a security interest in the creditor , it has been claimed ( rightly ) that it ‘ behaves ’ like a security interest since it is an attempt to preclude the debtor from freely using its assets and thus , as with a security interest , it provides the creditor with a measure of protection .
although this does not vest a security interest in the creditor , it has been claimed ( rightly ) that it ‘ behaves ’ like a security interest since it is an attempt to preclude the debtor from freely using its [skills] and thus , as with a security interest , it provides the creditor with a measure of protection .

Also , it facilitates the granting of security over assets which in the normal course of a company 's business are circulating , for example , stock in trade .
also , it facilitates the granting of security over [skills] which in the normal course of a company 's business are circulating , for example , stock in trade .

The charge remains floating and the company free to use the assets subject to the charge until the charge is converted into a fixed charge .
the charge remains floating and the company free to use the [skills] subject to the charge until the charge is converted into a fixed charge .

No particular form of words is necessary to create a floating charge ; it suffices if the intention is shown ( a ) to impose a charge on assets both present and future , ( b ) the assets are of such a nature that they would be changing in the ordinary course of the company 's business , and ( c ) the company is free to continue to deal with the assets in the ordinary course of its business .
no particular form of words is necessary to create a floating charge ; it suffices if the intention is shown ( a ) to impose a charge on [skills] both present and future , ( b ) the [skills] are of such a nature that they would be changing in the ordinary course of the company 's business , and ( c ) the company is free to continue to deal with the [skills] in the ordinary course of its business .

First , probably the most significant feature for identifying the floating charge is that the company retains management autonomy with respect to the assets subject to the charge .
first , probably the most significant feature for identifying the floating charge is that the company retains management autonomy with respect to the [skills] subject to the charge .

However , the fact that there is some restriction on the power of the company to deal with assets subject to a charge does not preclude it from being a floating charge .
however , the fact that there is some restriction on the power of the company to deal with [skills] subject to a charge does not preclude it from being a floating charge .

To preclude a charge from being a floating charge , the restriction must substantially deprive the company of the power to deal with its assets in the normal course of business .
to preclude a charge from being a floating charge , the restriction must substantially deprive the company of the power to deal with its [skills] in the normal course of business .

The second factor of importance with respect to the nature of a floating charge is that although a floating charge relates to future assets it is a present charge and not a future one .
the second factor of importance with respect to the nature of a floating charge is that although a floating charge relates to future [skills] it is a present charge and not a future one .

Because of the management autonomy accorded to the company with respect to the charged assets , the company can create security interests that have priority to the floating charge : a floating charge will be deferred to any subsequent fixed legal or equitable charge created by the company over its assets .
because of the management autonomy accorded to the company with respect to the charged [skills] , the company can create security interests that have priority to the floating charge : a floating charge will be deferred to any subsequent fixed legal or equitable charge created by the company over its [skills] .

Similarly , if debts due to the company are subject to a floating charge , the interest of the floating charge holder will be subject to any lien or set off that the company creates with respect to the charged assets prior to crystallisation , for a floating charge is not regarded for this purpose as an immediate assignment of the chose in action , it becomes such only on crystallisation .
similarly , if debts due to the company are subject to a floating charge , the interest of the floating charge holder will be subject to any lien or set off that the company creates with respect to the charged [skills] prior to crystallisation , for a floating charge is not regarded for this purpose as an immediate assignment of the chose in action , it becomes such only on crystallisation .

Such restrictions , which are quite common but strictly construed , limit the company 's actual authority to deal with its assets and accordingly remove the basis on which floating charges are postponed to later charges .
such restrictions , which are quite common but strictly construed , limit the company 's actual authority to deal with its [skills] and accordingly remove the basis on which floating charges are postponed to later charges .

If it is equitable , the chargee may be preferred on the ground that the company has been allowed to represent that it is free to deal with the assets in the normal course of business as though they were unencumbered .
if it is equitable , the chargee may be preferred on the ground that the company has been allowed to represent that it is free to deal with the [skills] in the normal course of business as though they were unencumbered .

Arguably the appointment of an administrator for the more advantageous realisation of the company 's assets than a winding-up has this effect since this constitutes a virtual cessation of business .
arguably the appointment of an administrator for the more advantageous realisation of the company 's [skills] than a winding-up has this effect since this constitutes a virtual cessation of business .

In many situations the chargee may have a contractual remedy even though the charge has not crystallised ; for example , the holder of an uncrystallised charge can always ‘ intervene and obtain an injunction to prevent the company from dealing with its assets otherwise than in the ordinary course of its business .
in many situations the chargee may have a contractual remedy even though the charge has not crystallised ; for example , the holder of an uncrystallised charge can always ‘ intervene and obtain an injunction to prevent the company from dealing with its [skills] otherwise than in the ordinary course of its business .

These provisions relate to ( i ) preferential creditors — which affects the priority of the charge ; ( ii ) defective floating charges — which affects the validity of the charge ; ( iii ) the right of an administrator to override a floating charge — ; which affects the enforcement rights of the charge ; ( iv ) costs of the liquidation — which diminishes the assets available for the floating charge holders .
these provisions relate to ( i ) preferential creditors — which affects the priority of the charge ; ( ii ) defective floating charges — which affects the validity of the charge ; ( iii ) the right of an administrator to override a floating charge — ; which affects the enforcement rights of the charge ; ( iv ) costs of the liquidation — which diminishes the [skills] available for the floating charge holders .

The provisions relating to the payment of preferential creditor creates a statutory duty and if a debentureholder or a receiver realises assets he will be personally liable to the extent of these assets if preferential creditors are not paid .
the provisions relating to the payment of preferential creditor creates a statutory duty and if a debentureholder or a receiver realises [skills] he will be personally liable to the extent of these [skills] if preferential creditors are not paid .

So long as assets remain available they will have caused the company to borrow on mortgage , but when the company 's credit is exhausted they may attempt to keep the company afloat by themselves making unsecured loans to it .
so long as [skills] remain available they will have caused the company to borrow on mortgage , but when the company 's credit is exhausted they may attempt to keep the company afloat by themselves making unsecured loans to it .

The Cork Committee considered that section 245 should not be extended to fixed charges since the charge would relate to the company 's existing assets whereas the floating charge could cover future assets .
the cork committee considered that section 245 should not be extended to fixed charges since the charge would relate to the company 's existing [skills] whereas the floating charge could cover future [skills] .

It is a principle of insolvency law that the expenses of a company 's liquidation are payable out of the assets of the company in priority to all other claims .
it is a principle of insolvency law that the expenses of a company 's liquidation are payable out of the [skills] of the company in priority to all other claims .

And since these costs can be substantial , it is important to determine what constitutes the company 's assets out of which such costs can be paid .
and since these costs can be substantial , it is important to determine what constitutes the company 's [skills] out of which such costs can be paid .

the court held that assets subject to a floating charge constituted assets of the company for the purpose of paying the costs of the liquidation .
the court held that [skills] subject to a floating charge constituted [skills] of the company for the purpose of paying the costs of the liquidation .

This , however , begs the question of what are the ‘ trust ’ assets .
this , however , begs the question of what are the ‘ trust ’ [skills] .

Because it was felt necessary to deal with the uncertainties that this would create for those acquiring the interest of a chargee of a company 's assets , and also to enhance the transferability of charges created by companies , section 406 provides that a chargee in exercising a power of sale may dispose of property freed of any interest which has arisen because the charge has become void against an administrator , a liquidator or a person who has acquired an interest in it .
because it was felt necessary to deal with the uncertainties that this would create for those acquiring the interest of a chargee of a company 's [skills] , and also to enhance the transferability of charges created by companies , section 406 provides that a chargee in exercising a power of sale may dispose of property freed of any interest which has arisen because the charge has become void against an administrator , a liquidator or a person who has acquired an interest in it .

This is in fact the statutory definition under Scottish law , but the English decisions hardly go so far , for the fact that the assets on realisation would not repay the debentures in full has been held insufficient .
this is in fact the statutory definition under scottish law , but the english decisions hardly go so far , for the fact that the [skills] on realisation would not repay the debentures in full has been held insufficient .

This is because the primary responsibility of the receiver is to protect the interests of the security holders and to realise the charged assets for their benefit .
this is because the primary responsibility of the receiver is to protect the interests of the security holders and to realise the charged [skills] for their benefit .

The records must contain day-to-day entries of all money received or expended and of the matters to which that related and a record of the company 's assets and liabilities .
the records must contain day-to-day entries of all money received or expended and of the matters to which that related and a record of the company 's [skills] and liabilities .

This reflects the simple truth that whichever kind of organization is being considered , information is required about revenues , expenses , assets , liabilities and cash flows .
this reflects the simple truth that whichever kind of organization is being considered , information is required about revenues , expenses , [skills] , liabilities and cash flows .

Stewardship refers to the holding of someone else 's assets by a steward .
stewardship refers to the holding of someone else 's [skills] by a steward .

In its narrowly defined sense the responsibility of stewardship is to demonstrate that those assets have not been misappropriated .
in its narrowly defined sense the responsibility of stewardship is to demonstrate that those [skills] have not been misappropriated .

This kind of accountability goes beyond the narrowly defined stewardship of assets to include responsibility for the performance of those assets .
this kind of accountability goes beyond the narrowly defined stewardship of [skills] to include responsibility for the performance of those [skills] .

This refers to the ability of the organization to continue in its present form or in its planned form . Typical questions relating to this need would be : has the education authority enough funds to continue to provide a place for all school-age pupils ? Has the railway company enough funds to replace its obsolete assets ? Is the government 's tax base strong enough to support a planned expansion of services ? Anthony suggests this information need is satisfied by :
this refers to the ability of the organization to continue in its present form or in its planned form . typical questions relating to this need would be : has the education authority enough funds to continue to provide a place for all school-age pupils ? has the railway company enough funds to replace its obsolete [skills] ? is the government 's tax base strong enough to support a planned expansion of services ? anthony suggests this information need is satisfied by :

In this case , the accounts are addressed to the shareholders and the balance sheet is a statement of shareholders ' financial position while the income statement is the change in shareholders ' financial position . The accounting equation is : assets - liabilities = shareholders ' equity
in this case , the accounts are addressed to the shareholders and the balance sheet is a statement of shareholders ' financial position while the income statement is the change in shareholders ' financial position . the accounting equation is : [skills] - liabilities = shareholders ' equity

Using the above example of a group of companies , the entity view would see the group as a whole , reporting in the balance sheet all the assets that the Group owns and all the claims on those assets . The accounting equation under the entity view becomes : assets = liabilities
using the above example of a group of companies , the entity view would see the group as a whole , reporting in the balance sheet all the [skills] that the group owns and all the claims on those [skills] . the accounting equation under the entity view becomes : [skills] = liabilities

There are no balance sheets because there are no assets or liabilities in the books : sales are only recognized when cash is received ( so there are no debtors ) ; purchases are only recognized when cash is paid ( so there are no creditors ) ; there are no stock adjustments because the accounts are not concerned with recording usage , only with the fact that cash has been paid for purchases ( so there is no closing stock figure ) ; there are no fixed assets , for the same reason .
there are no balance sheets because there are no [skills] or liabilities in the books : sales are only recognized when cash is received ( so there are no debtors ) ; purchases are only recognized when cash is paid ( so there are no creditors ) ; there are no stock adjustments because the accounts are not concerned with recording usage , only with the fact that cash has been paid for purchases ( so there is no closing stock figure ) ; there are no fixed [skills] , for the same reason .

Nevertheless it can come as a shock to a trained accountant to discover that 21 billion of net expenditure is accounted for in this way : no assets ; no liabilities , just an excess of payments over receipts of 20 ; 8 billion compared with a budgeted excess of 20.6 billion .
nevertheless it can come as a shock to a trained accountant to discover that 21 billion of net expenditure is accounted for in this way : no [skills] ; no liabilities , just an excess of payments over receipts of 20 ; 8 billion compared with a budgeted excess of 20.6 billion .

Because there are no assets or liabilities , there is no measure of what the organization is worth , no measure of capital .
because there are no [skills] or liabilities , there is no measure of what the organization is worth , no measure of capital .

Similarly , an excess of payments over receipts can not be called a loss because apart from anything else the payments might include the acquisition of assets .
similarly , an excess of payments over receipts can not be called a loss because apart from anything else the payments might include the acquisition of [skills] .

There is no measure of what the defence services are ‘ worth ’ in terms of the assets and liabilities they have .
there is no measure of what the defence services are ‘ worth ’ in terms of the [skills] and liabilities they have .

An obvious example of where the accounts could provide information about erosion of capital , but in the case of cash accounts do not , is for the sale of capital assets .
an obvious example of where the accounts could provide information about erosion of capital , but in the case of cash accounts do not , is for the sale of capital [skills] .

This is not to say that selling public sector assets is an unwise activity ; only that cash accounts do not provide the complete picture of what happens when you do .
this is not to say that selling public sector [skills] is an unwise activity ; only that cash accounts do not provide the complete picture of what happens when you do .

Monetary assets and liabilities are shown at their historic cost .
monetary [skills] and liabilities are shown at their historic cost .

We can now have a measure of capital employed ( net assets = 2,114m ) .
we can now have a measure of capital employed ( net [skills] = 2,114m ) .

The original definition of financial resources had the virtue of approximating to be a generally-understood distinction between monetary and non-monetary assets , though even that distinction can be difficult .
the original definition of financial resources had the virtue of approximating to be a generally-understood distinction between monetary and non-monetary [skills] , though even that distinction can be difficult .

Inflation , for example , means that the value of fixed assets tends to be understated ( historic cost compared with current value ) while income tends to be overstated ( because depreciation is related to historic cost and not to higher current cost ) .
inflation , for example , means that the value of fixed [skills] tends to be understated ( historic cost compared with current value ) while income tends to be overstated ( because depreciation is related to historic cost and not to higher current cost ) .

Historically , the emphasis on maintaining the initial capital invested in a public limited company derives from the causes célèbres of the nineteenth century , when creditors were swindled out of their debts by PLCs which distributed capital as income thus leaving insufficient assets to repay creditors .
historically , the emphasis on maintaining the initial capital invested in a public limited company derives from the causes célèbres of the nineteenth century , when creditors were swindled out of their debts by plcs which distributed capital as income thus leaving insufficient [skills] to repay creditors .

Instead , the accruals accounts would have to be modified to maintain the current cost of assets .
instead , the accruals accounts would have to be modified to maintain the current cost of [skills] .

What their assets are worth is relevant for decisions about making the best use of them .
what their [skills] are worth is relevant for decisions about making the best use of them .

Should they be sold and new , more efficient assets substituted ?
should they be sold and new , more efficient [skills] substituted ?

The main difficulty is that in order to record capital the organization not only has to know what assets it owns but it also has to put a value on them , even if the ‘ value ’ is their historic cost .
the main difficulty is that in order to record capital the organization not only has to know what [skills] it owns but it also has to put a value on them , even if the ‘ value ’ is their historic cost .

If no assets registers exist which record values , then the task of taking an inventory of fixed assets and valuing them might be a huge and expensive one .
if no [skills] registers exist which record values , then the task of taking an inventory of fixed [skills] and valuing them might be a huge and expensive one .

Another argument used against the need to record assets values is that many public sector assets are not realizable .
another argument used against the need to record [skills] values is that many public sector [skills] are not realizable .

Those assets certainly would cost money to replace and to that extent their existence means they are worth their replacement cost : without them we would have to incur the replacement cost to retain their services .
those [skills] certainly would cost money to replace and to that extent their existence means they are worth their replacement cost : without them we would have to incur the replacement cost to retain their services .

Thus this pool of resources could be invested in working capital , in fixed assets , or in financial assets ; or it could be spent on wages , supplies , or overheads ; or it could be distributed as dividends or used to repay debt .
thus this pool of resources could be invested in working capital , in fixed [skills] , or in financial [skills] ; or it could be spent on wages , supplies , or overheads ; or it could be distributed as dividends or used to repay debt .

The net assets of the organization are shown but it is hard to imagine what use can be made of this figure . Who owns the asset ? What could be done with any realizations ? What does the debtor figure relate to ? Rent , taxes , government grants , other local authorities , miscellaneous charges ? The accumulated surplus on operating account is shown ; but what could this be used for ? Reducing taxes , reducing rents , awarding more prizes on the trust fund , reducing administrative charges , reducing insurance fund contributions ?
the net [skills] of the organization are shown but it is hard to imagine what use can be made of this figure . who owns the asset ? what could be done with any realizations ? what does the debtor figure relate to ? rent , taxes , government grants , other local authorities , miscellaneous charges ? the accumulated surplus on operating account is shown ; but what could this be used for ? reducing taxes , reducing rents , awarding more prizes on the trust fund , reducing administrative charges , reducing insurance fund contributions ?

The cash figure in the balance sheet might include both capital and operating cash : if a debenture is issued but the resulting cash has not yet been invested in fixed assets , then the cash will perhaps be shown in the cash book — this is capital cash ; if profits were made in the current year , some of these profits might take the form of cash — this is operating cash .
the cash figure in the balance sheet might include both capital and operating cash : if a debenture is issued but the resulting cash has not yet been invested in fixed [skills] , then the cash will perhaps be shown in the cash book — this is capital cash ; if profits were made in the current year , some of these profits might take the form of cash — this is operating cash .

The number of years over which loans could be repaid was a matter for each individual authority , subject to maxima laid down by the Government for given categories of assets .
the number of years over which loans could be repaid was a matter for each individual authority , subject to maxima laid down by the government for given categories of [skills] .

The most important thing to note about the presentation of this balance sheet is that the fixed assets continue to be shown at their historic cost .
the most important thing to note about the presentation of this balance sheet is that the fixed [skills] continue to be shown at their historic cost .

This simple example implies that specific loans are raised to finance specific assets .
this simple example implies that specific loans are raised to finance specific [skills] .

The effect of forcing loan redemptions through revenue accounts was to link financing of the assets with accounting for them .
the effect of forcing loan redemptions through revenue accounts was to link financing of the [skills] with accounting for them .

Whether assets are financed from reserves , from grants or from revenue , they are not depreciated .
whether [skills] are financed from reserves , from grants or from revenue , they are not depreciated .

More recently , Sidebotham ( 1966 and 1970 ) concluded many years of his own research by proposing , among other things , a Consolidated Capital Fund that would include all capital assets of an authority and would charge fund revenue accounts for the use of those assets .
more recently , sidebotham ( 1966 and 1970 ) concluded many years of his own research by proposing , among other things , a consolidated capital fund that would include all capital [skills] of an authority and would charge fund revenue accounts for the use of those [skills] .

‘ … provision for depreciation of fixed assets having a finite useful life should be made by allocating the cost ( or revalued amount ) less estimated residual values of the assets as fairly as possible to the periods expected to benefit from their use . ’
‘ … provision for depreciation of fixed [skills] having a finite useful life should be made by allocating the cost ( or revalued amount ) less estimated residual values of the [skills] as fairly as possible to the periods expected to benefit from their use . ’

Since the use of depreciable assets yields revenues , some proportion of the cost of those assets must be allocated to the operating statement .
since the use of depreciable [skills] yields revenues , some proportion of the cost of those [skills] must be allocated to the operating statement .

These redemptions are , therefore , in lieu of depreciation in the case of depreciable assets .
these redemptions are , therefore , in lieu of depreciation in the case of depreciable [skills] .

This means that in future years the revenue accounts effectively treat the use of these assets as being free .
this means that in future years the revenue accounts effectively treat the use of these [skills] as being free .

Whereas , if depreciation was charged on all depreciable capital assets , then a more correct cost would be recorded .
whereas , if depreciation was charged on all depreciable capital [skills] , then a more correct cost would be recorded .

With a minimum revenue provision based on , say , 4 per cent of outstanding debt , this means that assets as a whole can not be financed over more than 50 years , assuming that 4 per cent is constant .
with a minimum revenue provision based on , say , 4 per cent of outstanding debt , this means that [skills] as a whole can not be financed over more than 50 years , assuming that 4 per cent is constant .

Since , demonstrably , local government assets have in the past lasted , and continue to last , more than 50 years , for those assets the assumption is mistaken .
since , demonstrably , local government [skills] have in the past lasted , and continue to last , more than 50 years , for those [skills] the assumption is mistaken .

Another reason is that many local authorities , as a matter of policy , accelerate their loan redemptions so that loans are repaid long before the end of the assets ' useful lives .
another reason is that many local authorities , as a matter of policy , accelerate their loan redemptions so that loans are repaid long before the end of the [skills] ' useful lives .

Again , this means that revenue accounts are not recording the more correct cost of the capital assets once the loans have been repaid .
again , this means that revenue accounts are not recording the more correct cost of the capital [skills] once the loans have been repaid .

If depreciation is provided for in terms of replacement costs , this means that the business will set aside out of profits enough funds to replace its expired assets .
if depreciation is provided for in terms of replacement costs , this means that the business will set aside out of profits enough funds to replace its expired [skills] .

The extent to which this inter-generational equity is achieved in practice depends upon Assumptions 1 and 2 as well as upon the extent to which any pattern of principal repayments is capable of reflecting assets usage .
the extent to which this inter-generational equity is achieved in practice depends upon assumptions 1 and 2 as well as upon the extent to which any pattern of principal repayments is capable of reflecting [skills] usage .

The local authority system provides no capital for replacing assets ; the capital must be reborrowed .
the local authority system provides no capital for replacing [skills] ; the capital must be reborrowed .

All depreciable assets would attract depreciation but only those assets with debt outstanding would produce , in effect , a charge to revenue for principal repayments .
all depreciable [skills] would attract depreciation but only those [skills] with debt outstanding would produce , in effect , a charge to revenue for principal repayments .

For example , replacement costs of economically useful assets ( e.g .
for example , replacement costs of economically useful [skills] ( e.g .

, Case 3 assets under deprival value accounting ) could be significantly higher than the book values of assets with related outstanding debt .
, case 3 [skills] under deprival value accounting ) could be significantly higher than the book values of [skills] with related outstanding debt .

We might be tempted also to say that other benefits of depreciation accounting would ensue , such as producing a charge in revenue accounts for the use of assets , rather than as at present for the financing of assets .
we might be tempted also to say that other benefits of depreciation accounting would ensue , such as producing a charge in revenue accounts for the use of [skills] , rather than as at present for the financing of [skills] .

This raises many questions about the extent to which any depreciation charge could yield a useful measure of this use but , given the policy of fixed depreciation charges imposed by Government , it would be hard to see how these charges would be capable of measuring actual usage of assets ( a point which is at the heart of the difference between the two accounting traditions ) .
this raises many questions about the extent to which any depreciation charge could yield a useful measure of this use but , given the policy of fixed depreciation charges imposed by government , it would be hard to see how these charges would be capable of measuring actual usage of [skills] ( a point which is at the heart of the difference between the two accounting traditions ) .

An additional provision should be made in the profit and loss account for replacement of rail passenger assets .
an additional provision should be made in the profit and loss account for replacement of rail passenger [skills] .

This relates to depreciation of capital assets and payments in lieu of depreciation .
this relates to depreciation of capital [skills] and payments in lieu of depreciation .

the standard on depreciation , is that it requires organizations to provide for depreciation of fixed assets having a finite useful life .
the standard on depreciation , is that it requires organizations to provide for depreciation of fixed [skills] having a finite useful life .

The law requires a charge to be made in lieu of depreciation for all assets financed from loans .
the law requires a charge to be made in lieu of depreciation for all [skills] financed from loans .

For other assets there is no provision , statutory or professional , to depreciate them .
for other [skills] there is no provision , statutory or professional , to depreciate them .

to safeguard assets ;
to safeguard [skills] ;

In order to achieve those objectives , an organisation will need to plan its activities : it will need to take account of factors internal to the organisation such as its assets , the qualities of the staff , the task to be achieved , etc .
in order to achieve those objectives , an organisation will need to plan its activities : it will need to take account of factors internal to the organisation such as its [skills] , the qualities of the staff , the task to be achieved , etc .

Furthermore , in the field of crime connected with Community assets , the Court has made it clear as a matter of Community law both that Member States must use their criminal law if necessary to enforce Community laws and that the Commission must co-operate with the Member States ( e.g .
furthermore , in the field of crime connected with community [skills] , the court has made it clear as a matter of community law both that member states must use their criminal law if necessary to enforce community laws and that the commission must co-operate with the member states ( e.g .

‘ He realized on other assets and used the money to subsidize the business . ’
‘ he realized on other [skills] and used the money to subsidize the business . ’

‘ Matthew has been realizing on other assets to keep the business afloat .
‘ matthew has been realizing on other [skills] to keep the business afloat .

‘ Sold , and the money put with his other assets and distributed . ’
‘ sold , and the money put with his other [skills] and distributed . ’

selling non-core and peripheral assets when attractive prices can be realised ;
selling non-core and peripheral [skills] when attractive prices can be realised ;

To invest in a balanced portfolio of assets with the requirement to maintain total shareholder returns .
to invest in a balanced portfolio of [skills] with the requirement to maintain total shareholder returns .

To maximise the economic return from assets through effective asset management , and by exploiting our strong position in the North Sea and Indonesia — two core businesses in areas of demand growth .
to maximise the economic return from [skills] through effective asset management , and by exploiting our strong position in the north sea and indonesia — two core businesses in areas of demand growth .

These interests , together with producing properties and other assets concentrated primarily in Texas and Louisiana gained through the Ultramar acquisition , will be sold .
these interests , together with producing properties and other [skills] concentrated primarily in texas and louisiana gained through the ultramar acquisition , will be sold .

Physical Assets
physical [skills]

Adding The Boston Five 's $ 1.7 billion in assets will make Citizens a $ 6.4 billion bank holding company , the sixth largest in New England .
adding the boston five 's $ 1.7 billion in [skills] will make citizens a $ 6.4 billion bank holding company , the sixth largest in new england .

Last year , the company decreased its non performing assets by 34 per cent and increased mortgage originations by 53 per cent .
last year , the company decreased its non performing [skills] by 34 per cent and increased mortgage originations by 53 per cent .

Alternatively , major capital projects would be undertaken by private sector contractors who would finance and build the assets in question , operate them for a specified period in return for an agreed fee and then transfer them to the commissioning authority .
alternatively , major capital projects would be undertaken by private sector contractors who would finance and build the [skills] in question , operate them for a specified period in return for an agreed fee and then transfer them to the commissioning authority .

one or more public limited companies — local authority assets would transfer out of local authority ownership to one , two or three public limited companies .
one or more public limited companies — local authority [skills] would transfer out of local authority ownership to one , two or three public limited companies .

Against this background we successfully integrated Ultramar 's upstream assets and undertook a rationalisation and disposal programme of those assets which did not fit the long-term strategy of the Company .
against this background we successfully integrated ultramar 's upstream [skills] and undertook a rationalisation and disposal programme of those [skills] which did not fit the long-term strategy of the company .

selling non-core and peripheral assets when attractive prices can be realised ;
selling non-core and peripheral [skills] when attractive prices can be realised ;

These exceptional items reflect charges arising from the Ultramar downstream disposals and re-evaluation of assets and reserves .
these exceptional items reflect charges arising from the ultramar downstream disposals and re-evaluation of [skills] and reserves .

Provisions have been made against oil and gas assets in 1992 , to reflect lower oil price expectations and a more conservative estimate of oil and gas reserved in certain fields .
provisions have been made against oil and gas [skills] in 1992 , to reflect lower oil price expectations and a more conservative estimate of oil and gas reserved in certain fields .

The company intends to maintain a balance between its existing assets in established and mature areas , with the exposure to significant new reserves in proven under-explored oil and gas provinces .
the company intends to maintain a balance between its existing [skills] in established and mature areas , with the exposure to significant new reserves in proven under-explored oil and gas provinces .

Fixed assets
fixed [skills]

Significant changes in fixed assets are set out on pages 43 and 45 .
significant changes in fixed [skills] are set out on pages 43 and 45 .

Events during last year have focused considerable attention on the security of assets and benefits under company pension schemes in the United Kingdom .
events during last year have focused considerable attention on the security of [skills] and benefits under company pension schemes in the united kingdom .

The directors are also responsible to the Company for taking reasonable steps to safeguard its assets and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities .
the directors are also responsible to the company for taking reasonable steps to safeguard its [skills] and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities .

Goodwill , which comprises the amount by which the cost of acquiring shares in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of net assets acquired , is written off to reserves in the year of acquisition .
goodwill , which comprises the amount by which the cost of acquiring shares in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of net [skills] acquired , is written off to reserves in the year of acquisition .

The provision arises principally from the different accounting and tax treatments for amortising field assets .
the provision arises principally from the different accounting and tax treatments for amortising field [skills] .

Fixed assets
fixed [skills]

Exploration and appraisal expenditures are defined as intangible fixed assets until a decision is reached concerning commercial viability of the fields to which they relate .
exploration and appraisal expenditures are defined as intangible fixed [skills] until a decision is reached concerning commercial viability of the fields to which they relate .

Expenditure is then either written off or transferred to tangible fixed assets .
expenditure is then either written off or transferred to tangible fixed [skills] .

Development expenditure comprises all costs including financing costs , exploration and appraisal expenditures incurred in bringing a field to commercial production and is defined as tangible assets .
development expenditure comprises all costs including financing costs , exploration and appraisal expenditures incurred in bringing a field to commercial production and is defined as tangible [skills] .

Once a field achieves commercial production , development expenditures are transferred to production assets .
once a field achieves commercial production , development expenditures are transferred to production [skills] .

Production assets
production [skills]

Expenditure on production assets represents the Group 's share of total expenditure on the exploration , appraisal and development of oil and gas fields which are currently in commercial production .
expenditure on production [skills] represents the group 's share of total expenditure on the exploration , appraisal and development of oil and gas fields which are currently in commercial production .

This expenditure includes costs of capital assets , financing costs and general technical and supervisory services plus , for depletion calculation purposes only , any anticipated further development expenditures and is stated at cost .
this expenditure includes costs of capital [skills] , financing costs and general technical and supervisory services plus , for depletion calculation purposes only , any anticipated further development expenditures and is stated at cost .

Production assets are depleted by field on a unit of production method , in the proportion of actual production for the year to the total estimated remaining commercial reserves of the field on an entitlement basis .
production [skills] are depleted by field on a unit of production method , in the proportion of actual production for the year to the total estimated remaining commercial reserves of the field on an entitlement basis .

Any permanent impairment of tangible assets identified is written off .
any permanent impairment of tangible [skills] identified is written off .

Fixed assets continued
fixed [skills] continued

Other tangible assets
other tangible [skills]

Office equipment and vehicles are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation , which is provided so as to write-off those assets over their estimated useful lives , ranging from four to 15 years .
office equipment and vehicles are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation , which is provided so as to write-off those [skills] over their estimated useful lives , ranging from four to 15 years .

Provision is made for the cost of abandonment of Group-owned assets , calculated using the unit of production method based on proven and probable reserves on an entitlement basis .
provision is made for the cost of abandonment of group-owned [skills] , calculated using the unit of production method based on proven and probable reserves on an entitlement basis .

Investments included in current assets are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value .
investments included in current [skills] are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value .

The net assets attributable to the refining , marketing , shipping and other non exploration and production operations of Ultramar , which were acquired in December 1991 , do not form part of the Group 's continuing business and are included in the balance sheet as businesses held for resale .
the net [skills] attributable to the refining , marketing , shipping and other non exploration and production operations of ultramar , which were acquired in december 1991 , do not form part of the group 's continuing business and are included in the balance sheet as businesses held for resale .

Net assets with a carrying value of £53 million at 31 December 1992 remain for disposal .
net [skills] with a carrying value of £53 million at 31 december 1992 remain for disposal .

Scheme 2 is a closed scheme , with sufficient assets to meet its liabilities .
scheme 2 is a closed scheme , with sufficient [skills] to meet its liabilities .

The costs ran well beyond the realm of damage to assets into damage to reputation , alienation of employees , investigation costs , business interruptions , and replacement of staff .
the costs ran well beyond the realm of damage to [skills] into damage to reputation , alienation of employees , investigation costs , business interruptions , and replacement of staff .

Initially this will involve the disposal of certain peripheral and non-core assets to help drive down group debt and gearing .
initially this will involve the disposal of certain peripheral and non-core [skills] to help drive down group debt and gearing .

John Hogan , chief operating officer , said : ‘ We have realised full value for the assets and the successful completion of the transactions reflects admirably on the skills of our staff in all departments .
john hogan , chief operating officer , said : ‘ we have realised full value for the [skills] and the successful completion of the transactions reflects admirably on the skills of our staff in all departments .

‘ The latest announcements bring the amount raised from the 1992/93 disposal programme to over £1 billion , of which £363 million represents proceeds from peripheral upstream assets .
‘ the latest announcements bring the amount raised from the 1992/93 disposal programme to over £1 billion , of which £363 million represents proceeds from peripheral upstream [skills] .

During the same time , the size and the shape of the company has changed to such a point that some of our assets are no longer meaningful to us as one of the world 's leading independent exploration and production companies .
during the same time , the size and the shape of the company has changed to such a point that some of our [skills] are no longer meaningful to us as one of the world 's leading independent exploration and production companies .

The Dutch-backed environment programmes are aimed at encouraging governments to reduce their dependence on fossil fuels , and at providing incentives for local people to protect their ecological assets such as forests .
the dutch-backed environment programmes are aimed at encouraging governments to reduce their dependence on fossil fuels , and at providing incentives for local people to protect their ecological [skills] such as forests .

As a result of the court case , the Society 's assets have been frozen .
as a result of the court case , the society 's [skills] have been frozen .

But , of course , the plans to realise these assets have been badly hit by the recession and more recently by the war in the Gulf .
but , of course , the plans to realise these [skills] have been badly hit by the recession and more recently by the war in the gulf .

When an offeror successfully completes a takeover bid for a target company it acquires control of the target with all its assets and liabilities , whether disclosed or undisclosed .
when an offeror successfully completes a takeover bid for a target company it acquires control of the target with all its [skills] and liabilities , whether disclosed or undisclosed .

The circular setting out the notice of meeting must set out clearly the effect of the proposed purchases on conversion or subscription rights in terms of attributable assets and earnings ( para 30.4 ) .
the circular setting out the notice of meeting must set out clearly the effect of the proposed purchases on conversion or subscription rights in terms of attributable [skills] and earnings ( para 30.4 ) .

( b ) a management buy-out , particularly where the lenders to the buy-out team wish to use the target 's assets as security for their loans without any objection from a minority of the target 's shareholders ( see para 21.6 below ) ;
( b ) a management buy-out , particularly where the lenders to the buy-out team wish to use the target 's [skills] as security for their loans without any objection from a minority of the target 's shareholders ( see para 21.6 below ) ;

( c ) a highly-leveraged bid , again because lenders may wish to use the target 's assets as security for their loans without minority opposition ;
( c ) a highly-leveraged bid , again because lenders may wish to use the target 's [skills] as security for their loans without minority opposition ;

First , preference shares may not be issued on a secured basis whereas loan stock can be charged on the offeror 's assets and ranks ahead of unsecured creditors ( both present and future ) .
first , preference shares may not be issued on a secured basis whereas loan stock can be charged on the offeror 's [skills] and ranks ahead of unsecured creditors ( both present and future ) .

( 5 ) Sales of certain capital assets such as ships and aircraft which have their own registration formalities .
( 5 ) sales of certain capital [skills] such as ships and aircraft which have their own registration formalities .

In addition to explaining the risks of financial loss , the warning notice also explains a number of key aspects of the operation of futures markets which may not be readily apparent to the private investor such as : ( 1 ) The treatment of collateral and the fact that a customer may lose a proprietary interest in the collateral and not receive back the same assets that he deposited .
in addition to explaining the risks of financial loss , the warning notice also explains a number of key aspects of the operation of futures markets which may not be readily apparent to the private investor such as : ( 1 ) the treatment of collateral and the fact that a customer may lose a proprietary interest in the collateral and not receive back the same [skills] that he deposited .

The five-day grace period should allow rectification of any administrative delays and give the customer time to make any necessary borrowing arrangements or realise assets to fund margin calls .
the five-day grace period should allow rectification of any administrative delays and give the customer time to make any necessary borrowing arrangements or realise [skills] to fund margin calls .

For example , where particular clients agree that their money may be placed with a particular bank with a view to earning a higher rate of interest but correspondingly accepting a greater risk of default by the bank , those clients ' claims will form part of a separate pool consisting of the assets placed with that bank or ( in the case of a designated fund account ) with a group of such banks .
for example , where particular clients agree that their money may be placed with a particular bank with a view to earning a higher rate of interest but correspondingly accepting a greater risk of default by the bank , those clients ' claims will form part of a separate pool consisting of the [skills] placed with that bank or ( in the case of a designated fund account ) with a group of such banks .

location of assets ; 2. location of bank accounts ; 3. where the trust decisions are taken ; 4. where the trustee correspondence emanates from .
location of [skills] ; 2. location of bank accounts ; 3. where the trust decisions are taken ; 4. where the trustee correspondence emanates from .

In many cases , where the settlor is domiciled outside the United Kingdom , this may not have serious tax consequences if the nominees hold non-UK assets .
in many cases , where the settlor is domiciled outside the united kingdom , this may not have serious tax consequences if the nominees hold non-uk [skills] .

He treated the assets comprised in the trust fund as his own and the trustee as though it were his mere agent or nominee .
he treated the [skills] comprised in the trust fund as his own and the trustee as though it were his mere agent or nominee .

Thus the trust 's assets were part of the deceased settlor 's estate and were available to satisfy the claims of his heirs .
thus the trust 's [skills] were part of the deceased settlor 's estate and were available to satisfy the claims of his heirs .

In the case of settlements by virtue of which income is paid to or for the benefit of an infant unmarried child of a settlor , the definition is extended to include `` transfers of assets `` ( s670 ) .
in the case of settlements by virtue of which income is paid to or for the benefit of an infant unmarried child of a settlor , the definition is extended to include `` transfers of [skills] `` ( s670 ) .

Assets of company are not assets comprised in the settlement
[skills] of company are not [skills] comprised in the settlement

The court took a very simple view : the shares in the relevant company were the assets comprised in the settlement .
the court took a very simple view : the shares in the relevant company were the [skills] comprised in the settlement .

If dividends were paid then the dividends would derive from assets comprised in the settlement .
if dividends were paid then the dividends would derive from [skills] comprised in the settlement .

However , the company was a separate entity and its assets were not the assets comprised in the settlement .
however , the company was a separate entity and its [skills] were not the [skills] comprised in the settlement .

The mere possibility that the settlor or his spouse might benefit from the trust assets is sufficient to bring this section into operation .
the mere possibility that the settlor or his spouse might benefit from the trust [skills] is sufficient to bring this section into operation .

Taxes Act 1988 , s739(1) states that the section is enacted : … for the purpose of preventing the avoiding by individuals ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom of liability to income tax by means of transfer of assets by virtue or in consequence of which , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , income becomes payable to persons resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom .
taxes act 1988 , s739(1) states that the section is enacted : … for the purpose of preventing the avoiding by individuals ordinarily resident in the united kingdom of liability to income tax by means of transfer of [skills] by virtue or in consequence of which , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , income becomes payable to persons resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom .

The words `` such transfer `` refer to the transfer of assets mentioned in s739 ( 1 ) .
the words `` such transfer `` refer to the transfer of [skills] mentioned in s739 ( 1 ) .

Section 742 ( 9 ) ( b ) defines `` assets `` to include property or rights of any kind , and `` transfer `` in relation to rights shall include the creation of those rights .
section 742 ( 9 ) ( b ) defines `` [skills] `` to include property or rights of any kind , and `` transfer `` in relation to rights shall include the creation of those rights .

If the relevant transfer of assets comprises a transfer from one country outside the United Kingdom to another country outside the United Kingdom , the requirement as to the `` transfer of assets `` in s739 is satisfied .
if the relevant transfer of [skills] comprises a transfer from one country outside the united kingdom to another country outside the united kingdom , the requirement as to the `` transfer of [skills] `` in s739 is satisfied .

As mentioned , the section does not require assets as such to be transferred abroad .
as mentioned , the section does not require [skills] as such to be transferred abroad .

It is only necessary that as a result of the transfer of assets income becomes payable to a person who is domiciled or resident outside the United Kingdom .
it is only necessary that as a result of the transfer of [skills] income becomes payable to a person who is domiciled or resident outside the united kingdom .

Lord Wilberforce considered ( at pp986 and 987 ) that there were two possible interpretations to the section : The first is to regard it as having a limited effect ; to be directed against persons who transfer assets abroad ; who by means of such transfers avoid tax , and who yet manage when resident in the United Kingdom to obtain or to be in a position to obtain benefits from those assets .
lord wilberforce considered ( at pp986 and 987 ) that there were two possible interpretations to the section : the first is to regard it as having a limited effect ; to be directed against persons who transfer [skills] abroad ; who by means of such transfers avoid tax , and who yet manage when resident in the united kingdom to obtain or to be in a position to obtain benefits from those [skills] .

Taxes Act 1988 , s740 has effect where there is a transfer of assets , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , and income becomes payable to a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom .
taxes act 1988 , s740 has effect where there is a transfer of [skills] , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , and income becomes payable to a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom .

The receipt of the benefit referred to must be out of the assets which are available for the purpose by virtue or in consequence of the transfer or of any associated operations .
the receipt of the benefit referred to must be out of the [skills] which are available for the purpose by virtue or in consequence of the transfer or of any associated operations .

Mr Dalton of the Revenue , in the meeting between the Law Society and the Revenue on 8 June 1981 , stated that he felt that the appointment of a life interest to a beneficiary was not a benefit because it was not " provided out of assets " .
mr dalton of the revenue , in the meeting between the law society and the revenue on 8 june 1981 , stated that he felt that the appointment of a life interest to a beneficiary was not a benefit because it was not " provided out of [skills] " .

The Finance ( No 2 ) Act 1992 has , in effect , taken out of inheritance tax many holdings of business assets and agricultural property .
the finance ( no 2 ) act 1992 has , in effect , taken out of inheritance tax many holdings of business [skills] and agricultural property .

The change in the law takes away the incentive to make lifetime gifts of such assets .
the change in the law takes away the incentive to make lifetime gifts of such [skills] .

It may be possible , in effect , to give the 100 per cent relief to non-qualifying assets by leaving the qualifying assets to a discretionary trust .
it may be possible , in effect , to give the 100 per cent relief to non-qualifying [skills] by leaving the qualifying [skills] to a discretionary trust .

It seems to be fairly common practice if a taxpayer dies for a deed of family arrangement or deed of variation to be entered into under which , for instance , the children receive £150,000 ( this is the nil-rate band for inheritance tax purposes effective from 10 March 1992 ) and for the balance of the assets to be left to the surviving spouse .
it seems to be fairly common practice if a taxpayer dies for a deed of family arrangement or deed of variation to be entered into under which , for instance , the children receive £150,000 ( this is the nil-rate band for inheritance tax purposes effective from 10 march 1992 ) and for the balance of the [skills] to be left to the surviving spouse .

However , the Capital Taxes Office is likely to raise the following " standard " question : what discussions took place between the parties at or before the time of the deed of variation about how the assets which went to the spouse under the deed of variation were to be dealt with by the surviving spouse , ie was there some sort of plan or understanding that the property would be given to the children ?
however , the capital taxes office is likely to raise the following " standard " question : what discussions took place between the parties at or before the time of the deed of variation about how the [skills] which went to the spouse under the deed of variation were to be dealt with by the surviving spouse , ie was there some sort of plan or understanding that the property would be given to the children ?

In order for settled property to be excluded from inheritance tax it is necessary that the settlor was not domiciled in the United Kingdom at the time the settlement was made and , in addition , it is necessary that at the time of the relevant charge , eg on the death of a life tenant or when a ten year charge occurs if the trust is a discretionary trust or where assets are appointed out of a discretionary trust , the particular trust assets are not located in the United Kingdom .
in order for settled property to be excluded from inheritance tax it is necessary that the settlor was not domiciled in the united kingdom at the time the settlement was made and , in addition , it is necessary that at the time of the relevant charge , eg on the death of a life tenant or when a ten year charge occurs if the trust is a discretionary trust or where [skills] are appointed out of a discretionary trust , the particular trust [skills] are not located in the united kingdom .

The courts can order presses to be stopped for the same reasons as they can order assets to be frozen or property to be returned .
the courts can order presses to be stopped for the same reasons as they can order [skills] to be frozen or property to be returned .

If both husband and wife are domiciled in the United Kingdom , any transfer of assets between them is exempt from any charge to inheritance tax ( Inheritance Tax Act 1984 , s18 ( 1 ) formerly the Capital Transfer Tax Act 1984 ) .
if both husband and wife are domiciled in the united kingdom , any transfer of [skills] between them is exempt from any charge to inheritance tax ( inheritance tax act 1984 , s18 ( 1 ) formerly the capital transfer tax act 1984 ) .

The notion of converting the Dak to turbo-power has come about not primarily to give it better performance , better uplift , greater range — although all of these assets , and more , are by-products of the transformation — but to allow the aircraft to survive in a world where Avgas — fuel for piston engines — is becoming increasingly rare and Avtur — aviation turbine fuel — is the dominant motion lotion .
the notion of converting the dak to turbo-power has come about not primarily to give it better performance , better uplift , greater range — although all of these [skills] , and more , are by-products of the transformation — but to allow the aircraft to survive in a world where avgas — fuel for piston engines — is becoming increasingly rare and avtur — aviation turbine fuel — is the dominant motion lotion .

‘ The folly of this was illustrated by the controversial sale of the assets of the Mentmore estate in 1977 which exposed the need for a fund which could exercise similar powers to those of the secretary of state , with sufficient resources , and without excessive central government control ’ .
‘ the folly of this was illustrated by the controversial sale of the [skills] of the mentmore estate in 1977 which exposed the need for a fund which could exercise similar powers to those of the secretary of state , with sufficient resources , and without excessive central government control ’ .

The Secretary of State for Trade and Industry on the definition of undertakings given by British Steel to offer assets for sale as an alternative to plant closure ;
the secretary of state for trade and industry on the definition of undertakings given by british steel to offer [skills] for sale as an alternative to plant closure ;

The refusal of British Steel to contemplate a sale of the redundant assets has resulted in submissions from the Council to the Office of Fair Trading and the Department of Trade and Industry .
the refusal of british steel to contemplate a sale of the redundant [skills] has resulted in submissions from the council to the office of fair trading and the department of trade and industry .

In the Council 's experience the most effective way to mitigate the social and economic consequences of major plant closures is to secure a new operator for all or part of the redundant assets .
in the council 's experience the most effective way to mitigate the social and economic consequences of major plant closures is to secure a new operator for all or part of the redundant [skills] .

People desire to hold a certain proportion of their assets in money form .
people desire to hold a certain proportion of their [skills] in money form .

Money is the unit used to value goods , services and assets .
money is the unit used to value goods , services and [skills] .

Thus a person 's wealth or a company 's assets can best be expressed in money terms .
thus a person 's wealth or a company 's [skills] can best be expressed in money terms .

But what about various financial assets such as bank accounts , building society accounts and stocks and shares ? Do they count as money ? The answer is ‘ It depends ’ : it depends on how narrowly money is defined .
but what about various financial [skills] such as bank accounts , building society accounts and stocks and shares ? do they count as money ? the answer is ‘ it depends ’ : it depends on how narrowly money is defined .

Deposit taking and lending : liabilities and assets
deposit taking and lending : liabilities and [skills]

Banks and certain other financial institutions , such as building societies , need to hold a certain amount of their assets as notes and coin .
banks and certain other financial institutions , such as building societies , need to hold a certain amount of their [skills] as notes and coin .

The vast majority of banks ' assets are therefore in the form of various types of loan — to individuals and firms , to other financial institutions and to the government .
the vast majority of banks ' [skills] are therefore in the form of various types of loan — to individuals and firms , to other financial institutions and to the government .

These are ‘ assets ’ since they represent claims that the banks have on other people .
these are ‘ [skills] ’ since they represent claims that the banks have on other people .

Some institutions , such as building societies , have few if any short-term assets .
some institutions , such as building societies , have few if any short-term [skills] .

Others , such as the discount houses ( as we shall see later ) , have assets that are almost entirely short term .
others , such as the discount houses ( as we shall see later ) , have [skills] that are almost entirely short term .

Building societies ' major assets are mortgage loans .
building societies ' major [skills] are mortgage loans .

Financial institutions keep a range of liabilities and assets .
financial institutions keep a range of liabilities and [skills] .

Some assets , such as money lent at call to other financial institutions , are highly liquid .
some [skills] , such as money lent at call to other financial institutions , are highly liquid .

Although not actually cash , these assets can be converted into cash on demand with no financial penalty .
although not actually cash , these [skills] can be converted into cash on demand with no financial penalty .

Other assets , however , are much less liquid .
other [skills] , however , are much less liquid .

Other assets , such as government bonds — i.e .
other [skills] , such as government bonds — i.e .

Financial institutions must maintain sufficient liquidity in their assets to meet the demands of depositors .
financial institutions must maintain sufficient liquidity in their [skills] to meet the demands of depositors .

Thus financial institutions like to hold a range of assets with varying degrees of liquidity and profitability .
thus financial institutions like to hold a range of [skills] with varying degrees of liquidity and profitability .

To economize on cash holdings ( which earn no interest ) , financial institutions hold other highly liquid assets which act as reserves , but which nevertheless earn them some interest ( see pages 658–60 ) .
to economize on cash holdings ( which earn no interest ) , financial institutions hold other highly liquid [skills] which act as reserves , but which nevertheless earn them some interest ( see pages 658–60 ) .

The greater the liquidity of its liabilities , and the more volatile the demands of depositors are for cash , the greater the proportion of liquid assets the institution must hold .
the greater the liquidity of its liabilities , and the more volatile the demands of depositors are for cash , the greater the proportion of liquid [skills] the institution must hold .

The ratio of an institution 's liquid assets to illiquid assets is known as its liquidity ratio .
the ratio of an institution 's liquid [skills] to illiquid [skills] is known as its liquidity ratio .

For example , if a bank had £100 million of assets , of which £10 million were liquid and £90 million were illiquid , the bank would have a 10 per cent liquidity ratio .
for example , if a bank had £100 million of [skills] , of which £10 million were liquid and £90 million were illiquid , the bank would have a 10 per cent liquidity ratio .

Banks and the transformation of maturity : liabilities and assets
banks and the transformation of maturity : liabilities and [skills]

Sterling assets
sterling [skills]

In order to fulfil the twin aims of liquidity and profitability banks hold a whole range of assets .
in order to fulfil the twin aims of liquidity and profitability banks hold a whole range of [skills] .

Ideally they would like these assets to be as illiquid as possible , since the less the liquidity , the higher the rate of interest they can charge .
ideally they would like these [skills] to be as illiquid as possible , since the less the liquidity , the higher the rate of interest they can charge .

The shorter the average maturity of their deposits , the greater will have to be the liquidity of their assets .
the shorter the average maturity of their deposits , the greater will have to be the liquidity of their [skills] .

The balance sheet in Table 16.2 shows the various sterling assets of the recognized banks in descending order of liquidity .
the balance sheet in table 16.2 shows the various sterling [skills] of the recognized banks in descending order of liquidity .

Since they earn no interest , the banks like to keep as little as possible of their assets in these two forms .
since they earn no interest , the banks like to keep as little as possible of their [skills] in these two forms .

As you can see from Table 16.2 , they account for a tiny fraction of total assets .
as you can see from table 16.2 , they account for a tiny fraction of total [skills] .

Even though banks hold only very small amounts of cash , they nevertheless hold a large amount of other relatively liquid assets which act as reserves , but which at the same time earn interest .
even though banks hold only very small amounts of cash , they nevertheless hold a large amount of other relatively liquid [skills] which act as reserves , but which at the same time earn interest .

Market loans account for some 26 per cent of banks ' sterling assets and are thus a major source of liquidity to individual banks .
market loans account for some 26 per cent of banks ' sterling [skills] and are thus a major source of liquidity to individual banks .

The discount price will depend on current short-term rates of interest on comparable investments in other assets .
the discount price will depend on current short-term rates of interest on comparable investments in other [skills] .

The higher the rates of interest on other assets , the lower will be the price that people will be prepared to pay for bills ( and hence the higher their rate of discount ) .
the higher the rates of interest on other [skills] , the lower will be the price that people will be prepared to pay for bills ( and hence the higher their rate of discount ) .

For example , if interest rates are currently 12 per cent on other equivalent assets , a £100 000 bill will be sold for approximately £97 000 , which will earn the purchaser an approximately 3 per cent rate of discount over the three months , which is equivalent to approximately 12 per cent per annum .
for example , if interest rates are currently 12 per cent on other equivalent [skills] , a £100 000 bill will be sold for approximately £97 000 , which will earn the purchaser an approximately 3 per cent rate of discount over the three months , which is equivalent to approximately 12 per cent per annum .

Advances are the major profit-earning asset for the banks and account for over 60 per cent of their sterling assets .
advances are the major profit-earning asset for the banks and account for over 60 per cent of their sterling [skills] .

Miscellaneous assets largely consist of payments owed but not yet received from other banks .
miscellaneous [skills] largely consist of payments owed but not yet received from other banks .

This means that the banks must hold enough cash and assets that can be readily turned into cash to be able to meet any demands from their customers .
this means that the banks must hold enough cash and [skills] that can be readily turned into cash to be able to meet any demands from their customers .

The following assets are defined by the Bank of England as being liquid :
the following [skills] are defined by the bank of england as being liquid :

Before 1981 , these assets were known as ‘ reserve assets ’ and banks were required to hold a 12½ per cent ‘ reserve assets ratio ’ .
before 1981 , these [skills] were known as ‘ reserve [skills] ’ and banks were required to hold a 12½ per cent ‘ reserve [skills] ratio ’ .

This meant that reserve assets had to be at least 12½ per cent of eligible liabilities .
this meant that reserve [skills] had to be at least 12½ per cent of eligible liabilities .

the ratio that provides them with enough liquid assets to enable them to meet any demands for cash .
the ratio that provides them with enough liquid [skills] to enable them to meet any demands for cash .

The discount houses provide an important service to the banks by allowing them to hold extremely liquid assets ( money at call ) which nevertheless earn interest .
the discount houses provide an important service to the banks by allowing them to hold extremely liquid [skills] ( money at call ) which nevertheless earn interest .

But then the discount houses in turn may be short of liquid assets to meet this demand .
but then the discount houses in turn may be short of liquid [skills] to meet this demand .

Liquid assets , however , tend to be unprofitable and profitable assets tend to be illiquid .
liquid [skills] , however , tend to be unprofitable and profitable [skills] tend to be illiquid .

Banks therefore hold a range of assets of varying degrees of profitability and liquidity .
banks therefore hold a range of [skills] of varying degrees of profitability and liquidity .

Their assets include in descending order of liquidity : notes and coin , balances with the Bank of England , market loans ( including money at call with the discount houses ) , bills of exchange ( Treasury , commercial and local authority ) , investments ( government bonds and inter-bank investments ) and advances to customers ( the biggest item , including overdrafts , personal loans and mortgages ) .
their [skills] include in descending order of liquidity : notes and coin , balances with the bank of england , market loans ( including money at call with the discount houses ) , bills of exchange ( treasury , commercial and local authority ) , investments ( government bonds and inter-bank investments ) and advances to customers ( the biggest item , including overdrafts , personal loans and mortgages ) .

Assume that they believe that sufficient liquidity will be achieved if 10 per cent of their assets are held as balances with the Bank of England .
assume that they believe that sufficient liquidity will be achieved if 10 per cent of their [skills] are held as balances with the bank of england .

At certain times , banks may decide that it is prudent to hold a bigger proportion of liquid assets .
at certain times , banks may decide that it is prudent to hold a bigger proportion of liquid [skills] .

If Christmas or the Summer holidays are approaching and people are likely to make bigger cash withdrawals , banks may decide to hold more liquid assets .
if christmas or the summer holidays are approaching and people are likely to make bigger cash withdrawals , banks may decide to hold more liquid [skills] .

They may also do so if they anticipate that their liquid assets may soon be squeezed by government monetary policy .
they may also do so if they anticipate that their liquid [skills] may soon be squeezed by government monetary policy .

Thus , just because banks have acquired additional liquid assets , it does not automatically follow that they will create credit on the basis of it .
thus , just because banks have acquired additional liquid [skills] , it does not automatically follow that they will create credit on the basis of it .

Just as a change in liquid assets may lead to little or no change in credit , so a change in credit may occur with little or no change in liquid assets .
just as a change in liquid [skills] may lead to little or no change in credit , so a change in credit may occur with little or no change in liquid [skills] .

For example , if there is an upsurge in consumer demand for credit , banks may be very keen to grant additional loans and thus make more profits , even though they have acquired no additional liquid assets .
for example , if there is an upsurge in consumer demand for credit , banks may be very keen to grant additional loans and thus make more profits , even though they have acquired no additional liquid [skills] .

Why might a bank with a given amount of liquid assets be more willing to expand its mortgage loans for house purchase than to expand its personal loans for the purchase of consumer goods ?
why might a bank with a given amount of liquid [skills] be more willing to expand its mortgage loans for house purchase than to expand its personal loans for the purchase of consumer goods ?

The fact that banks hold a number of fairly liquid assets , such as money at call , bills of exchange and short-dated bonds , makes it difficult to identify a simple liquidity ratio . Which items should count as liquid ?
the fact that banks hold a number of fairly liquid [skills] , such as money at call , bills of exchange and short-dated bonds , makes it difficult to identify a simple liquidity ratio . which items should count as liquid ?

Thus whether near money assets such as call money , bills and short-dated bonds count as liquid may affect the amount of credit created .
thus whether near money [skills] such as call money , bills and short-dated bonds count as liquid may affect the amount of credit created .

In the past , the Bank of England has required banks to hold a certain liquidity ratio and has specified those assets that were to count as liquid ( see page 662 ) .
in the past , the bank of england has required banks to hold a certain liquidity ratio and has specified those [skills] that were to count as liquid ( see page 662 ) .

Of course , banks still have to maintain adequate liquidity , but in practice they do not see a clear-cut dividing line between liquid and non-liquid assets .
of course , banks still have to maintain adequate liquidity , but in practice they do not see a clear-cut dividing line between liquid and non-liquid [skills] .

They try to maintain a rough balance across the liquidity range , but the precise composition of assets will vary as interest rates on the various assets vary , and as the demands for liquidity vary .
they try to maintain a rough balance across the liquidity range , but the precise composition of [skills] will vary as interest rates on the various [skills] vary , and as the demands for liquidity vary .

Thus banks ' liabilities ( customers ' deposits of government payments ) and assets ( balances with the Bank of England ) have both increased by £1 billion .
thus banks ' liabilities ( customers ' deposits of government payments ) and [skills] ( balances with the bank of england ) have both increased by £1 billion .

Since banks ' balances with the Bank of England are liquid assets , credit will probably be created .
since banks ' balances with the bank of england are liquid [skills] , credit will probably be created .

To the extent that these are regarded as liquid assets , they can be used as the liquidity base for additional loans to customers .
to the extent that these are regarded as liquid [skills] , they can be used as the liquidity base for additional loans to customers .

Banks have thus had an increase of £1 billion deposits ( new money ) on their liabilities side , and £1 billion of government bonds on their assets side .
banks have thus had an increase of £1 billion deposits ( new money ) on their liabilities side , and £1 billion of government bonds on their [skills] side .

As far as the banks are concerned , they have no change in their balances in the Bank of England ( the government spends less money but then returns it to the banks by buying bills ) , but banks have fewer bills and hence fewer liquid assets .
as far as the banks are concerned , they have no change in their balances in the bank of england ( the government spends less money but then returns it to the banks by buying bills ) , but banks have fewer bills and hence fewer liquid [skills] .

If banks ' liquid assets increase , they be can used as a base for increasing loans .
if banks ' liquid [skills] increase , they be can used as a base for increasing loans .

The reasons are that banks may choose to hold a different liquidity ratio ; customers may not take up all the credit on offer ; and there may be no simple liquidity ratio given the range of near money assets .
the reasons are that banks may choose to hold a different liquidity ratio ; customers may not take up all the credit on offer ; and there may be no simple liquidity ratio given the range of near money [skills] .

The demand for money refers to the desire to hold money : to keep your wealth in the form of money , rather than spending it on goods and services or saving it by purchasing financial assets such as bonds or shares .
the demand for money refers to the desire to hold money : to keep your wealth in the form of money , rather than spending it on goods and services or saving it by purchasing financial [skills] such as bonds or shares .

It is usual to distinguish three reasons why people want to hold their assets in the form of money .
it is usual to distinguish three reasons why people want to hold their [skills] in the form of money .

The speculative or assets motive .
the speculative or [skills] motive .

Certain firms and individuals who wish to purchase financial assets such as bonds , shares or other securities , may prefer to wait if they feel that their price is likely to fall .
certain firms and individuals who wish to purchase financial [skills] such as bonds , shares or other securities , may prefer to wait if they feel that their price is likely to fall .

In making these decisions , people will have to weigh up the relative advantages and disadvantages of the various alternative assets .
in making these decisions , people will have to weigh up the relative advantages and disadvantages of the various alternative [skills] .

Assets can be compared according to two criteria : liquidity and the possibility of earning income .
[skills] can be compared according to two criteria : liquidity and the possibility of earning income .

Just as we saw in the case of a bank 's assets , these two criteria tend to conflict .
just as we saw in the case of a bank 's [skills] , these two criteria tend to conflict .

Thus cash is totally liquid to the holder : it can be used to buy other assets ( or spent on goods ) instantly , but it earns no interest .
thus cash is totally liquid to the holder : it can be used to buy other [skills] ( or spent on goods ) instantly , but it earns no interest .

The major determinants of expectations of assets ' earning potential are ( a ) expectations about changes in security prices and interest rates , and ( b ) expectations about changes in the exchange rate .
the major determinants of expectations of [skills] ' earning potential are ( a ) expectations about changes in security prices and interest rates , and ( b ) expectations about changes in the exchange rate .

Conversely , if people believe that the exchange rate is likely to fall in the near future , they will economize on their holdings of sterling , preferring to hold their liquid assets in some other currency — the one most likely to appreciate against other currencies .
conversely , if people believe that the exchange rate is likely to fall in the near future , they will economize on their holdings of sterling , preferring to hold their liquid [skills] in some other currency — the one most likely to appreciate against other currencies .

If people expect prices to rise , they may reduce their money balances and purchase goods and assets now , before prices do rise .
if people expect prices to rise , they may reduce their money balances and purchase goods and [skills] now , before prices do rise .

Generally , it is likely that the greater the uncertainty , the greater will be the preference for liquidity , and the greater the risk of tying money up in risky assets .
generally , it is likely that the greater the uncertainty , the greater will be the preference for liquidity , and the greater the risk of tying money up in risky [skills] .

The disagreement here is over the substitutability of assets . Are other assets a close substitute for money ? Are non-money assets such as stocks and shares , bonds and property close substitutes for each other ?
the disagreement here is over the substitutability of [skills] . are other [skills] a close substitute for money ? are non-money [skills] such as stocks and shares , bonds and property close substitutes for each other ?

People hold a whole range ( or ‘ portfolio ’ ) of assets , from money at one end of the spectrum of liquidity to physical assets such as property and consumer durables at the other .
people hold a whole range ( or ‘ portfolio ’ ) of [skills] , from money at one end of the spectrum of liquidity to physical [skills] such as property and consumer durables at the other .

Between the two extremes come the various financial assets such as bonds and shares .
between the two extremes come the various financial [skills] such as bonds and shares .

The balance of assets in people 's portfolios will depend on the relative returns on these assets .
the balance of [skills] in people 's portfolios will depend on the relative returns on these [skills] .

For simplicity let us group assets into just three types : money , financial assets and physical goods .
for simplicity let us group [skills] into just three types : money , financial [skills] and physical goods .

Keynesians argue that money and financial assets are relatively close substitutes for each other .
keynesians argue that money and financial [skills] are relatively close substitutes for each other .

Financial assets have the advantage of earning income .
financial [skills] have the advantage of earning income .

As interest rates go up , the balance of advantage shifts towards holding financial assets which earn these higher interest rates .
as interest rates go up , the balance of advantage shifts towards holding financial [skills] which earn these higher interest rates .

Physical goods , by contrast , are not seen by Keynesians as being close substitutes for financial assets ( and certainly not for money ) .
physical goods , by contrast , are not seen by keynesians as being close substitutes for financial [skills] ( and certainly not for money ) .

Thus the stress on money as a means of storing wealth and the close substitutability of money and other financial assets give an elastic liquidity preference curve .
thus the stress on money as a means of storing wealth and the close substitutability of money and other financial [skills] give an elastic liquidity preference curve .

It is thus not a close substitute for financial assets .
it is thus not a close substitute for financial [skills] .

If the rate of interest changes , there will be relatively little shifting between money and financial assets .
if the rate of interest changes , there will be relatively little shifting between money and financial [skills] .

At the same time monetarists argue that physical goods are a relatively close substitute for financial assets .
at the same time monetarists argue that physical goods are a relatively close substitute for financial [skills] .

If , therefore , the rate of interest falls on financial assets , then people , rather than shifting away from financial assets toward money , will buy more physical goods instead .
if , therefore , the rate of interest falls on financial [skills] , then people , rather than shifting away from financial [skills] toward money , will buy more physical goods instead .

The three motives for holding money are the transactions , precautionary and speculative ( or assets ) motives .
the three motives for holding money are the transactions , precautionary and speculative ( or [skills] ) motives .

They stress the importance of money as a means of storing wealth , and argue that ( broad ) money is a close substitute for financial assets .
they stress the importance of money as a means of storing wealth , and argue that ( broad ) money is a close substitute for financial [skills] .

Thus people will readily switch back and forth from money to other assets .
thus people will readily switch back and forth from money to other [skills] .

They stress the importance of money as a medium of exchange , and argue that money is not a close substitute for financial assets .
they stress the importance of money as a medium of exchange , and argue that money is not a close substitute for financial [skills] .

They would use this to buy securities and other assets .
they would use this to buy securities and other [skills] .

Different assets have different rates of interest .
different [skills] have different rates of interest .

Table 16.11 gives examples of the rates of interest on various assets at the end of January 1990 .
table 16.11 gives examples of the rates of interest on various [skills] at the end of january 1990 .

If , for example , there was excess demand for short-term loans ( like money at call ) and excess supply of money to invest in long-term assets ( like bonds ) , short-term rates of interest would rise relative to long-term rates .
if , for example , there was excess demand for short-term loans ( like money at call ) and excess supply of money to invest in long-term [skills] ( like bonds ) , short-term rates of interest would rise relative to long-term rates .

Part of the excess balances will be used to purchase foreign assets .
part of the excess balances will be used to purchase foreign [skills] .

Note that the lower interest rate causes a capital account deficit on the balance of payments as people buy foreign assets .
note that the lower interest rate causes a capital account deficit on the balance of payments as people buy foreign [skills] .

The possible techniques available to the authorities have one major feature in common : they involve manipulating the liquid assets of the banking system .
the possible techniques available to the authorities have one major feature in common : they involve manipulating the liquid [skills] of the banking system .

If commercial banks are short of liquid assets , they will have to call in money from the discount houses .
if commercial banks are short of liquid [skills] , they will have to call in money from the discount houses .

The discount houses , as a result , may themselves become short of liquid assets .
the discount houses , as a result , may themselves become short of liquid [skills] .

In other words , it conducts open-market operations in the bill market with the intention of achieving a particular interest rate rather than a particular supply of liquid assets .
in other words , it conducts open-market operations in the bill market with the intention of achieving a particular interest rate rather than a particular supply of liquid [skills] .

If , however , the central bank sets the reserve ratio , then by simply increasing it , it can force banks to reduce their non-reserve assets ( mainly credit ) .
if , however , the central bank sets the reserve ratio , then by simply increasing it , it can force banks to reduce their non-reserve [skills] ( mainly credit ) .

Initially the banks have reserve assets of £10 billion and advances , etc .
initially the banks have reserve [skills] of £10 billion and advances , etc .

of £40 billion , giving total assets of £50 billion ( of which £10 is 20 per cent ) .
of £40 billion , giving total [skills] of £50 billion ( of which £10 is 20 per cent ) .

to £30 billion , giving total assets of £40 billion ( of which £10 billion is 25 per cent ) .
to £30 billion , giving total [skills] of £40 billion ( of which £10 billion is 25 per cent ) .

Difficulties occur whether they focus on the monetary base or on a wider range of liquid assets , and whether they impose statutory ratios or allow banks to determine their own prudent ratios .
difficulties occur whether they focus on the monetary base or on a wider range of liquid [skills] , and whether they impose statutory ratios or allow banks to determine their own prudent ratios .

An example of a statutory liquidity ratio was the minimum 121/2 per cent reserve assets ratio imposed on banks from 1971 to 1981 .
an example of a statutory liquidity ratio was the minimum 121/2 per cent reserve [skills] ratio imposed on banks from 1971 to 1981 .

As with cash ratios , banks could hold reserve assets above the statutory minimum , thus helping them to resist a squeeze on reserves ( but not indefinitely ) .
as with cash ratios , banks could hold reserve [skills] above the statutory minimum , thus helping them to resist a squeeze on reserves ( but not indefinitely ) .

Not all reserve assets were under government control .
not all reserve [skills] were under government control .

Even those assets whose supply is controlled by the authorities are not all held by the controlled institutions .
even those [skills] whose supply is controlled by the authorities are not all held by the controlled institutions .

If people think interest rates will rise and bond prices fall , in the meantime they will demand to hold their assets in liquid form .
if people think interest rates will rise and bond prices fall , in the meantime they will demand to hold their [skills] in liquid form .

Instead there will be a very high demand for liquid assets ( money and near money ) .
instead there will be a very high demand for liquid [skills] ( money and near money ) .

They can hold it as money , or as financial assets such as bills , bonds and shares , or as physical assets such as houses , cars and televisions .
they can hold it as money , or as financial [skills] such as bills , bonds and shares , or as physical [skills] such as houses , cars and televisions .

In other words , people hold a whole portfolio of assets of varying degrees of liquidity — from cash to central heating .
in other words , people hold a whole portfolio of [skills] of varying degrees of liquidity — from cash to central heating .

Some of this money will be used to purchase financial assets , and some to purchase goods and services .
some of this money will be used to purchase financial [skills] , and some to purchase goods and services .

As more assets are purchased , this will drive up their price .
as more [skills] are purchased , this will drive up their price .

For bonds and other financial assets , this means a reduction in their rate of interest .
for bonds and other financial [skills] , this means a reduction in their rate of interest .

Any increase in the ratio of shares and physical assets in people 's portfolios will be due simply to the new lower interest rates on bonds .
any increase in the ratio of shares and physical [skills] in people 's portfolios will be due simply to the new lower interest rates on bonds .

there should be a requirement for accounting systems to be capable of producing monthly profit and loss accounts and statement of assets and liabilities ;
there should be a requirement for accounting systems to be capable of producing monthly profit and loss accounts and statement of [skills] and liabilities ;

For example , one vital task undertaken by the clerks was a quinquennial valuation which ensured that the company 's assets matched its actuarial liabilities .
for example , one vital task undertaken by the clerks was a quinquennial valuation which ensured that the company 's [skills] matched its actuarial liabilities .

from family assets — and expanded by reinvesting profits , though this might well mean that , with most of capital tied up in this way , the firm might rely a good deal on credit for its current operations .
from family [skills] — and expanded by reinvesting profits , though this might well mean that , with most of capital tied up in this way , the firm might rely a good deal on credit for its current operations .

They are complaining about loss of assets ’ — looked as though they had n't come out of the Bermans and Nathans mothballs .
they are complaining about loss of [skills] ’ — looked as though they had n't come out of the bermans and nathans mothballs .

But the real-balance effect may also operate on a wider array of assets which constitute the net worth of the private sector , though there has always been controversy over the range of assets to which it is supposed to apply .
but the real-balance effect may also operate on a wider array of [skills] which constitute the net worth of the private sector , though there has always been controversy over the range of [skills] to which it is supposed to apply .

For example , the Keynesian saving function in which the rate of acquisition of new financial and real assets is a function of the level of income has long been a source of dissatisfaction .
for example , the keynesian saving function in which the rate of acquisition of new financial and real [skills] is a function of the level of income has long been a source of dissatisfaction .

the desired stock of financial assets ) and flows ( e.g .
the desired stock of financial [skills] ) and flows ( e.g .

( c ) Enforcement of judgments Where there has been a judgment against the firm , execution may be issued against : ( 1 ) assets of the firm ; or ( 2 ) any person who has acknowledged service as a partner ; or ( 3 ) any person served as a partner who has failed to acknowledge service ; or ( 4 ) any person who has admitted in his pleading to being a partner or who has been found by the court to be a partner .
( c ) enforcement of judgments where there has been a judgment against the firm , execution may be issued against : ( 1 ) [skills] of the firm ; or ( 2 ) any person who has acknowledged service as a partner ; or ( 3 ) any person served as a partner who has failed to acknowledge service ; or ( 4 ) any person who has admitted in his pleading to being a partner or who has been found by the court to be a partner .

Thus if a partner obtains a renewal of a lease of partnership property in his own name , he is not permitted to treat that lease as his own property to the exclusion of his co-partners while the business continues and before there has been a distribution of assets following a dissolution ( see Featherstonhaugh v Fenwick ( 1810 ) 17 Ves Jr 298 ) .
thus if a partner obtains a renewal of a lease of partnership property in his own name , he is not permitted to treat that lease as his own property to the exclusion of his co-partners while the business continues and before there has been a distribution of [skills] following a dissolution ( see featherstonhaugh v fenwick ( 1810 ) 17 ves jr 298 ) .

The duty of good faith is owed between would-be partners from the start of their negotiations and endures until the winding-up of the firm is completed by the distribution of its surplus assets .
the duty of good faith is owed between would-be partners from the start of their negotiations and endures until the winding-up of the firm is completed by the distribution of its surplus [skills] .

It is thought that the presumption contained in subs ( 3 ) in relation to the purchase of land would be applied by analogy in the event of a dispute over the ownership of other assets purchased in similar circumstances .
it is thought that the presumption contained in subs ( 3 ) in relation to the purchase of land would be applied by analogy in the event of a dispute over the ownership of other [skills] purchased in similar circumstances .

Section 22 reaffirms the notion that a partnership share is ordinarily to be seen as a proportion of the net distributable assets of the firm available for distribution at the end of the winding-up process and not as comprising a severable share in each of the partnership assets — though , as mentioned in Chapter 10 , the Revenue may take a different line .
section 22 reaffirms the notion that a partnership share is ordinarily to be seen as a proportion of the net distributable [skills] of the firm available for distribution at the end of the winding-up process and not as comprising a severable share in each of the partnership [skills] — though , as mentioned in chapter 10 , the revenue may take a different line .

( 2 ) In case of a dissolution of the partnership , whether as respects all the partners or as respects the assigning partner , the assignee is entitled to receive the share of the partnership assets to which the assigning partner is entitled as between himself and the other partners , and , for the purpose of ascertaining that share , to an account as from the date of the dissolution .
( 2 ) in case of a dissolution of the partnership , whether as respects all the partners or as respects the assigning partner , the assignee is entitled to receive the share of the partnership [skills] to which the assigning partner is entitled as between himself and the other partners , and , for the purpose of ascertaining that share , to an account as from the date of the dissolution .

Few other aspects of the business of a firm give rise to dispute more frequently than those in relation to the ownership of its property and the extent to which individual partners are interested in its assets .
few other aspects of the business of a firm give rise to dispute more frequently than those in relation to the ownership of its property and the extent to which individual partners are interested in its [skills] .

Thus , where at the outset it has been decided ( Clause 12.01 ) to leave the goodwill of the firm out of individual account so as to allow it to enure for the benefit of the continuing practice , or where , for similar reasons , revaluations of partnership assets have been ruled out , this should be specified ( Clause 12.02 ) .
thus , where at the outset it has been decided ( clause 12.01 ) to leave the goodwill of the firm out of individual account so as to allow it to enure for the benefit of the continuing practice , or where , for similar reasons , revaluations of partnership [skills] have been ruled out , this should be specified ( clause 12.02 ) .

The unpredictability of death can easily lead to embarrassment for the firm , not least because of the fundamental obligation of the personal representatives of a deceased partner to realise the assets comprised in his estate at an early date : and one of these assets will be the deceased 's share in the surplus assets of the firm or ( where the agreement so provides ) the right to be paid out for the value of that share .
the unpredictability of death can easily lead to embarrassment for the firm , not least because of the fundamental obligation of the personal representatives of a deceased partner to realise the [skills] comprised in his estate at an early date : and one of these [skills] will be the deceased 's share in the surplus [skills] of the firm or ( where the agreement so provides ) the right to be paid out for the value of that share .

The financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see Chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( Clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .
the financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of [skills] in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .

( d ) Post-dissolution profits Section 42 of the Partnership Act is concerned with the rights of outgoing partners in certain cases to share profits made after dissolution : ( 1 ) Where any member of a firm has died or otherwise ceased to be a partner , and the surviving or continuing partners carry on the business of the firm with its capital or assets without any final settlement of accounts as between the firm and the outgoing partner or his estate , then , in the absence of any agreement to the contrary , the outgoing partner or his estate is entitled at the option of himself or his representatives to such share of the profits made since the dissolution as the Court may find to be attributable to the use of his share of the partnership assets , or to interest at the rate of five per cent per annum on the amount of his share of the partnership assets .
( d ) post-dissolution profits section 42 of the partnership act is concerned with the rights of outgoing partners in certain cases to share profits made after dissolution : ( 1 ) where any member of a firm has died or otherwise ceased to be a partner , and the surviving or continuing partners carry on the business of the firm with its capital or [skills] without any final settlement of accounts as between the firm and the outgoing partner or his estate , then , in the absence of any agreement to the contrary , the outgoing partner or his estate is entitled at the option of himself or his representatives to such share of the profits made since the dissolution as the court may find to be attributable to the use of his share of the partnership [skills] , or to interest at the rate of five per cent per annum on the amount of his share of the partnership [skills] .

Chapter 4 considers the use of expert determination for the valuation of assets or liabilities transferred by agreements for the sale and purchase of businesses and companies .
chapter 4 considers the use of expert determination for the valuation of [skills] or liabilities transferred by agreements for the sale and purchase of businesses and companies .

Such duties derive from decisions of the Courts of Chancery in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , intended to ensure that persons/trustees who held assets or provided services for the benefit of others did so in good faith and for the benefit of those they represented .
such duties derive from decisions of the courts of chancery in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , intended to ensure that persons/trustees who held [skills] or provided services for the benefit of others did so in good faith and for the benefit of those they represented .

Section 320 Companies Act 1985 provides that if a director of a company or its parent or holding company , or a person connected with him , enters into a contract with the company , under which the director or person connected with him agrees to purchase the company or assets ( other than cash ) of the company exceeding a certain value , then the contract must be approved in a general meeting by ordinary resolution .
section 320 companies act 1985 provides that if a director of a company or its parent or holding company , or a person connected with him , enters into a contract with the company , under which the director or person connected with him agrees to purchase the company or [skills] ( other than cash ) of the company exceeding a certain value , then the contract must be approved in a general meeting by ordinary resolution .

In a management buy-out , the ownership of the share capital of the ( usually newly incorporated ) acquiring company , at the time of the acquisition of the target company or its assets , will determine whether or not s320 comes into play .
in a management buy-out , the ownership of the share capital of the ( usually newly incorporated ) acquiring company , at the time of the acquisition of the target company or its [skills] , will determine whether or not s320 comes into play .

If the transaction goes ahead in contravention of s320 , or if shareholder approval is not obtained within a reasonable time afterwards , the company may rescind the contract and recover any assets transferred under it .
if the transaction goes ahead in contravention of s320 , or if shareholder approval is not obtained within a reasonable time afterwards , the company may rescind the contract and recover any [skills] transferred under it .

An example of an exclusivity clause is given below : For the period of [ 3 ] months from the date hereof neither you [ the vendor ] nor the subsidiaries ( and their management ) will approach or enter into discussions with any other prospective purchasers for the sale of your shareholding in the [ Company ] or a disposal of any of the business and/or assets of any part of the [ Group ] .
an example of an exclusivity clause is given below : for the period of [ 3 ] months from the date hereof neither you [ the vendor ] nor the subsidiaries ( and their management ) will approach or enter into discussions with any other prospective purchasers for the sale of your shareholding in the [ company ] or a disposal of any of the business and/or [skills] of any part of the [ group ] .

The main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the operation of its financial and management systems .
the main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the [skills] ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the [skills] ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the operation of its financial and management systems .

The investors or Newco 's lawyers will obviously wish to examine any documents of title to the assets .
the investors or newco 's lawyers will obviously wish to examine any documents of title to the [skills] .

It is , therefore , impossible to provide an absolute guarantee in relation to most of the target 's assets , and so the purchaser should not accept any qualifications to the title warranties in the sale and purchase agreement .
it is , therefore , impossible to provide an absolute guarantee in relation to most of the target 's [skills] , and so the purchaser should not accept any qualifications to the title warranties in the sale and purchase agreement .

One of the reasons for acquiring shares rather than assets is to ensure that all the target 's assets will be acquired with the business .
one of the reasons for acquiring shares rather than [skills] is to ensure that all the target 's [skills] will be acquired with the business .

However , there are some instances where a change of control can affect the underlying assets .
however , there are some instances where a change of control can affect the underlying [skills] .

Management may wish to acquire the assets and business or they may wish to buy the shares of Target .
management may wish to acquire the [skills] and business or they may wish to buy the shares of target .

It is conceivable that a partnership could be used as the buy-out vehicle where the managers wish to acquire the shares in Target rather than its business and assets , on the principle that the fewer the corporate layers in the structure , the easier it is to fund borrowings and extract profits .
it is conceivable that a partnership could be used as the buy-out vehicle where the managers wish to acquire the shares in target rather than its business and [skills] , on the principle that the fewer the corporate layers in the structure , the easier it is to fund borrowings and extract profits .

It is common practice to use a company to make the acquisition for reasons of limited liability ( where assets and business are being acquired ) , and because the procedure is well understood .
it is common practice to use a company to make the acquisition for reasons of limited liability ( where [skills] and business are being acquired ) , and because the procedure is well understood .

The more common structures for a management buy-out , on which the remainder of this chapter concentrates , consist of one or more of the following : ( a ) a straightforward acquisition by Newco of Target 's business and assets ( see 5.1 ) ; ( b ) an acquisition by Newco of Target 's share capital ( see 5.2 ) ; ( c ) an acquisition by management or Newco of shares in a company to which the targeted business and assets are first hived down ( see 5.2.5 ) ; ( d ) a buy-in of the vendor shareholders ' shares in Target , usually combined with an issue of new shares in Target to management ( see 5.3.1 ) ; ( e ) a buy-out effected by way of a de-merger ( see 5.3.2 ) .
the more common structures for a management buy-out , on which the remainder of this chapter concentrates , consist of one or more of the following : ( a ) a straightforward acquisition by newco of target 's business and [skills] ( see 5.1 ) ; ( b ) an acquisition by newco of target 's share capital ( see 5.2 ) ; ( c ) an acquisition by management or newco of shares in a company to which the targeted business and [skills] are first hived down ( see 5.2.5 ) ; ( d ) a buy-in of the vendor shareholders ' shares in target , usually combined with an issue of new shares in target to management ( see 5.3.1 ) ; ( e ) a buy-out effected by way of a de-merger ( see 5.3.2 ) .

If management 's shares confer a right to assets on a winding-up which will be doubled upon profits reaching £x million , this is not a chargeable event as it derives from the ratchet and not from any subsequent event .
if management 's shares confer a right to [skills] on a winding-up which will be doubled upon profits reaching £x million , this is not a chargeable event as it derives from the ratchet and not from any subsequent event .

As will be seen in 4.4 below , however , where Newco is to acquire Target rather than its business and assets , management strictly need to subscribe their shares in Newco once Newco has acquired control of Target .
as will be seen in 4.4 below , however , where newco is to acquire target rather than its business and [skills] , management strictly need to subscribe their shares in newco once newco has acquired control of target .

Where Newco acquires the business and assets directly , then prima facie the Transfer of Undertakings ( Protection of Employment ) Regulations 1981 will `` preserve `` employees ' contracts of employment on the same terms and conditions , with Newco becoming the new employer .
where newco acquires the business and [skills] directly , then prima facie the transfer of undertakings ( protection of employment ) regulations 1981 will `` preserve `` employees ' contracts of employment on the same terms and conditions , with newco becoming the new employer .

Yet another course is for assets of Target 's trade to be transferred to Newco in return for cash left outstanding on non-interest-bearing inter-company loan account .
yet another course is for [skills] of target 's trade to be transferred to newco in return for cash left outstanding on non-interest-bearing inter-company loan account .

The Buy-out — Assets or Shares ?
the buy-out — [skills] or shares ?

Acquisition of business and assets
acquisition of business and [skills]

Although , structurally , the acquisition by Newco of Target 's business and assets is the simplest way of effecting a management buy-out , it gives rise to a number of tax issues .
although , structurally , the acquisition by newco of target 's business and [skills] is the simplest way of effecting a management buy-out , it gives rise to a number of tax issues .

The target assets may include business premises and reversionary interests in leased property .
the target [skills] may include business premises and reversionary interests in leased property .

There will often be negotiation between the vendor and Newco/management about how the aggregate consideration for the sale of the business should be apportioned amongst the various assets .
there will often be negotiation between the vendor and newco/management about how the aggregate consideration for the sale of the business should be apportioned amongst the various [skills] .

Newco will want to attribute maximum consideration to those assets expenditure on which will be eligible for capital allowances , namely industrial buildings , qualifying hotels , plant and machinery , know-how , patent rights and capital sums incurred on software licences .
newco will want to attribute maximum consideration to those [skills] expenditure on which will be eligible for capital allowances , namely industrial buildings , qualifying hotels , plant and machinery , know-how , patent rights and capital sums incurred on software licences .

However , this will often conflict with the vendor 's desire to ensure that such assets are not sold for more than their tax written down value , otherwise the vendor may be liable to a balancing charge ( see , eg , s4 Capital Allowances Act 1990 regarding industrial buildings and s24 regarding plant and machinery ) .
however , this will often conflict with the vendor 's desire to ensure that such [skills] are not sold for more than their tax written down value , otherwise the vendor may be liable to a balancing charge ( see , eg , s4 capital allowances act 1990 regarding industrial buildings and s24 regarding plant and machinery ) .

Newco will wish to attribute as much of the purchase price as possible to those of the assets which are likely to increase in value , but which Newco may be intending to dispose of at a later date , so as to minimise the gain arising on the disposal ( and to maximise the amount of base cost which can be indexed for capital gains tax purposes , again to reduce the ultimate gain ) .
newco will wish to attribute as much of the purchase price as possible to those of the [skills] which are likely to increase in value , but which newco may be intending to dispose of at a later date , so as to minimise the gain arising on the disposal ( and to maximise the amount of base cost which can be indexed for capital gains tax purposes , again to reduce the ultimate gain ) .

This may conflict with the vendor 's desire to minimise the amount of gain realised on the disposal of such assets to Newco , especially if the vendor is a company which has been bought and sold with no realisation of the underlying assets , which will therefore have a low historical cost .
this may conflict with the vendor 's desire to minimise the amount of gain realised on the disposal of such [skills] to newco , especially if the vendor is a company which has been bought and sold with no realisation of the underlying [skills] , which will therefore have a low historical cost .

The difference between the total amount paid for the business and the book value of its net assets will represent goodwill , which is an asset for capital gains tax purposes .
the difference between the total amount paid for the business and the book value of its net [skills] will represent goodwill , which is an asset for capital gains tax purposes .

Roll-over relief on replacement of business assets
roll-over relief on replacement of business [skills]

As far as the vendor is concerned , the sale of his entire business and assets will mean a discontinuance of his trade , with the following potential tax consequences to consider .
as far as the vendor is concerned , the sale of his entire business and [skills] will mean a discontinuance of his trade , with the following potential tax consequences to consider .

Brought-forward trading losses can be set against balancing charges arising on the disposal of the target assets .
brought-forward trading losses can be set against balancing charges arising on the disposal of the target [skills] .

Any assets in respect of which significant allowable losses will arise on disposal to Newco should , before the sale to Newco , be transferred on an intra-group basis within the vendor 's capital gains tax group to a group company with chargeable gains against which to set the losses .
any [skills] in respect of which significant allowable losses will arise on disposal to newco should , before the sale to newco , be transferred on an intra-group basis within the vendor 's capital gains tax group to a group company with chargeable gains against which to set the losses .

On an assets purchase , Newco will not acquire any of the vendor 's trading losses or unutilised capital allowances , and they may not be usable by the vendor , for example where Newco is taking over the liabilities which reduce the aggregate value of the target business down to a nominal amount .
on an [skills] purchase , newco will not acquire any of the vendor 's trading losses or unutilised capital allowances , and they may not be usable by the vendor , for example where newco is taking over the liabilities which reduce the aggregate value of the target business down to a nominal amount .

If there is a hive-down of the target assets and business to a newly formed Target subsidiary of the vendor , followed by a sale of shares in the new target company , as an alternative to an assets sale , these `` tax assets `` can be preserved in Target .
if there is a hive-down of the target [skills] and business to a newly formed target subsidiary of the vendor , followed by a sale of shares in the new target company , as an alternative to an [skills] sale , these `` tax [skills] `` can be preserved in target .

Stamp duty is payable at 1 % on the consideration except the consideration which is attributable to assets transferable by delivery . ``
stamp duty is payable at 1 % on the consideration except the consideration which is attributable to [skills] transferable by delivery . ``

Where assets are to be acquired , Newco has the opportunity to finance these by way of rental payments under finance leases rather than by direct acquisition .
where [skills] are to be acquired , newco has the opportunity to finance these by way of rental payments under finance leases rather than by direct acquisition .

The giving of warranties by the vendor is not confined to a share sale , though where a target company , rather than assets , is being acquired Newco needs a great deal more warranty protection , as Target 's liabilities may not be easily determinable and , unlike an assets sale , Newco will `` acquire `` all Target 's liabilities ( ie , the net asset value of Target , on which the purchase price payable by Newco is likely to be based , could be reduced because of undisclosed and unforeseen liabilities which crystallise after completion ) .
the giving of warranties by the vendor is not confined to a share sale , though where a target company , rather than [skills] , is being acquired newco needs a great deal more warranty protection , as target 's liabilities may not be easily determinable and , unlike an [skills] sale , newco will `` acquire `` all target 's liabilities ( ie , the net asset value of target , on which the purchase price payable by newco is likely to be based , could be reduced because of undisclosed and unforeseen liabilities which crystallise after completion ) .

Although , from a tax point of view , an assets purchase is relatively straightforward , there are many commercial reasons why an acquisition of Target may be preferred by both vendor and Newco , even though Target may have unquantified liabilities .
although , from a tax point of view , an [skills] purchase is relatively straightforward , there are many commercial reasons why an acquisition of target may be preferred by both vendor and newco , even though target may have unquantified liabilities .

The vendor shareholders will usually wish to sell Target itself , rather than its assets and business , to Newco .
the vendor shareholders will usually wish to sell target itself , rather than its [skills] and business , to newco .

If there is an assets sale to Newco , the vendor company will be liable to tax .
if there is an [skills] sale to newco , the vendor company will be liable to tax .

Care is needed to ensure that at the time the group dividend is paid : ( a ) no `` arrangements `` or `` option arrangements `` exist whereby the parent company could cease to be beneficially entitled to more than 50 % of both profits for distribution and assets on a winding up available to `` equity holders `` of Target ( see Sch 18 Taxes Act ) ; and ( b ) Target is beneficially owned by its parent when the dividend is declared and paid .
care is needed to ensure that at the time the group dividend is paid : ( a ) no `` arrangements `` or `` option arrangements `` exist whereby the parent company could cease to be beneficially entitled to more than 50 % of both profits for distribution and [skills] on a winding up available to `` equity holders `` of target ( see sch 18 taxes act ) ; and ( b ) target is beneficially owned by its parent when the dividend is declared and paid .

If the sale of Target will generate an allowable loss there may need to be an intra-group transfer of beneficial ownership of Target before the management buy-out , so that the loss can be utilised by a group company which will , in the same accounting period , realise gains from the the disposal of other assets .
if the sale of target will generate an allowable loss there may need to be an intra-group transfer of beneficial ownership of target before the management buy-out , so that the loss can be utilised by a group company which will , in the same accounting period , realise gains from the the disposal of other [skills] .

The losses are effectively `` ring-fenced `` so they can not be used to offset gains arising on the disposal of the purchasing group 's assets .
the losses are effectively `` ring-fenced `` so they can not be used to offset gains arising on the disposal of the purchasing group 's [skills] .

Newco may not be willing to acquire the company which owns the targeted assets and business , preferring to buy the business direct , so that it does not acquire unquantified liabilities , especially where the vendor can not provide Newco with satisfactory warranties and indemnities .
newco may not be willing to acquire the company which owns the targeted [skills] and business , preferring to buy the business direct , so that it does not acquire unquantified liabilities , especially where the vendor can not provide newco with satisfactory warranties and indemnities .

However , the vendor company may prefer a share sale preceded by an extraction of dividends to depress the value of Target down to the net value of its assets less liabilities .
however , the vendor company may prefer a share sale preceded by an extraction of dividends to depress the value of target down to the net value of its [skills] less liabilities .

The value-shifting provisions described in 5.2.6 below can be of particular relevance in this context , in determining the price ( and therefore the amount of the inter-company loan account ) at which the targeted assets are transferred to Target .
the value-shifting provisions described in 5.2.6 below can be of particular relevance in this context , in determining the price ( and therefore the amount of the inter-company loan account ) at which the targeted [skills] are transferred to target .

If this is not done and a future purchaser of the business wishes to buy assets rather than Target 's shares , it will be necessary to distribute the proceeds of disposal of those assets to Newco with an onward distribution to management .
if this is not done and a future purchaser of the business wishes to buy [skills] rather than target 's shares , it will be necessary to distribute the proceeds of disposal of those [skills] to newco with an onward distribution to management .

The first is where Target has been acquired by Newco at a discount from the market value of its assets and business .
the first is where target has been acquired by newco at a discount from the market value of its [skills] and business .

The second scenario is where Target has been acquired by Newco at a premium on the market value of its assets and business .
the second scenario is where target has been acquired by newco at a premium on the market value of its [skills] and business .

If the provisions of s213 can be satisfied , management would incur no income tax charge or capital gains tax charge ; Target should have no liability to capital gains tax under s178 or 179 , even though it would be leaving a capital gains tax group as a result of the de-merger and may have had assets transferred to it on a no gain/no loss basis within the preceding six years .
if the provisions of s213 can be satisfied , management would incur no income tax charge or capital gains tax charge ; target should have no liability to capital gains tax under s178 or 179 , even though it would be leaving a capital gains tax group as a result of the de-merger and may have had [skills] transferred to it on a no gain/no loss basis within the preceding six years .

This book covers the legal aspects of buying a business by acquiring its assets and undertaking rather than by acquiring the shares of the company that operates the target business .
this book covers the legal aspects of buying a business by acquiring its [skills] and undertaking rather than by acquiring the shares of the company that operates the target business .

This book deals mainly with the purchase of business assets from a corporate vendor by a corporate purchaser .
this book deals mainly with the purchase of business [skills] from a corporate vendor by a corporate purchaser .

Indeed , for sole traders and partnerships a disposal of their business will , by its nature , inevitably involve the sale of business assets .
indeed , for sole traders and partnerships a disposal of their business will , by its nature , inevitably involve the sale of business [skills] .

The acquisition by the corporate purchaser may be the purchase of the vendor 's entire assets and undertaking .
the acquisition by the corporate purchaser may be the purchase of the vendor 's entire [skills] and undertaking .

The purpose of the initial meeting is for the lawyer to : ( a ) understand why the business is being bought and sold ; ( b ) understand what is being sold ; ( c ) identify who is involved ; and ( d ) discuss the structure for the sale , namely whether the purchaser should buy assets or shares .
the purpose of the initial meeting is for the lawyer to : ( a ) understand why the business is being bought and sold ; ( b ) understand what is being sold ; ( c ) identify who is involved ; and ( d ) discuss the structure for the sale , namely whether the purchaser should buy [skills] or shares .

As obvious as it may sound , it is essential to understand and identify the business being sold and the use to which the purchaser will put the assets .
as obvious as it may sound , it is essential to understand and identify the business being sold and the use to which the purchaser will put the [skills] .

Share sales tend to be rather less complex structurally than asset sales in that through buying the shares the purchaser acquires all the assets and liabilities of the target .
share sales tend to be rather less complex structurally than asset sales in that through buying the shares the purchaser acquires all the [skills] and liabilities of the target .

With an asset sale the purchaser selects the assets he wishes to buy and leaves behind all other assets .
with an asset sale the purchaser selects the [skills] he wishes to buy and leaves behind all other [skills] .

The key to selecting the appropriate assets is as follows : ( 1 ) First , understand what the business is that the purchaser wishes to buy .
the key to selecting the appropriate [skills] is as follows : ( 1 ) first , understand what the business is that the purchaser wishes to buy .

If the vendor is part of a group it is also necessary to determine which companies in the group own the assets used in the business .
if the vendor is part of a group it is also necessary to determine which companies in the group own the [skills] used in the business .

Care must be taken to ensure that these assets are included in the sale if they are needed by the purchaser for operating the business .
care must be taken to ensure that these [skills] are included in the sale if they are needed by the purchaser for operating the business .

( 3 ) Third , and most important , understand which of the assets used by the vendor are required by the purchaser and which are to be excluded and retained by the vendor .
( 3 ) third , and most important , understand which of the [skills] used by the vendor are required by the purchaser and which are to be excluded and retained by the vendor .

Assets or shares ?
[skills] or shares ?

One of the first issues the parties will face is the decision of whether to buy assets or shares .
one of the first issues the parties will face is the decision of whether to buy [skills] or shares .

The vendor 's company may be able to carry earlier losses forward to set off against the gain or if the capital assets were bought by the company only within the past few years , it is possible that there may be a loss rather than a gain .
the vendor 's company may be able to carry earlier losses forward to set off against the gain or if the capital [skills] were bought by the company only within the past few years , it is possible that there may be a loss rather than a gain .

The main reason a purchaser will insist on buying assets , and may perhaps refuse to deal with the vendor on any other basis , is that the purchaser can then select which of the vendor 's liabilities he will assume and more importantly which he will leave behind for the vendor to deal with .
the main reason a purchaser will insist on buying [skills] , and may perhaps refuse to deal with the vendor on any other basis , is that the purchaser can then select which of the vendor 's liabilities he will assume and more importantly which he will leave behind for the vendor to deal with .

Alternatively , if the purchaser buys assets he does not take over any of the vendor 's liabilities ( except employees ) unless expressly agreed .
alternatively , if the purchaser buys [skills] he does not take over any of the vendor 's liabilities ( except employees ) unless expressly agreed .

Receivers nearly always sell assets .
receivers nearly always sell [skills] .

Also a receiver is only appointed over the assets of a company and does not control the shares in that company unless he has been appointed receiver over the assets of its holding company .
also a receiver is only appointed over the [skills] of a company and does not control the shares in that company unless he has been appointed receiver over the [skills] of its holding company .

The distinction in the due diligence exercise is that , with an asset sale , the purchaser is verifying the existence and ownership of specified assets and liabilities , but with the share sale the purchaser 's exercise is to check the non-existence of certain matters .
the distinction in the due diligence exercise is that , with an asset sale , the purchaser is verifying the existence and ownership of specified [skills] and liabilities , but with the share sale the purchaser 's exercise is to check the non-existence of certain matters .

It is nearly always quicker to check what exists than to check that nothing extra is included in the assets and liabilities of the company .
it is nearly always quicker to check what exists than to check that nothing extra is included in the [skills] and liabilities of the company .

These would entitle the customers or suppliers to terminate their contracts with the company if some or all of the shares in the company are sold and may therefore deprive the purchaser of the company 's main assets .
these would entitle the customers or suppliers to terminate their contracts with the company if some or all of the shares in the company are sold and may therefore deprive the purchaser of the company 's main [skills] .

Divisions — hiving assets
divisions — hiving [skills]

Furthermore , if documents of transfer for certain assets are executed outside the United Kingdom stamp duty will not be payable until the documents are brought back into the United Kingdom .
furthermore , if documents of transfer for certain [skills] are executed outside the united kingdom stamp duty will not be payable until the documents are brought back into the united kingdom .

The purchaser of assets can claim capital allowances on certain items such as plant and machinery ( see Chapter 7 , page 122 ) .
the purchaser of [skills] can claim capital allowances on certain items such as plant and machinery ( see chapter 7 , page 122 ) .

The risk for the vendor of assets is the possibility of balancing charges if the assets are sold for more than their written-down value .
the risk for the vendor of [skills] is the possibility of balancing charges if the [skills] are sold for more than their written-down value .

For the purpose of its own capital gains base cost the purchaser of assets buys those assets at the value attributed to them at the time of purchase .
for the purpose of its own capital gains base cost the purchaser of [skills] buys those [skills] at the value attributed to them at the time of purchase .

If the purchaser buys shares , the company will continue to be considered as having bought those assets at the original base cost to the company .
if the purchaser buys shares , the company will continue to be considered as having bought those [skills] at the original base cost to the company .

If the purchaser himself intends to dispose subsequently of these assets he will prefer to have acquired them at the higher base cost to minimise capital gains or corporation tax on a subsequent disposal .
if the purchaser himself intends to dispose subsequently of these [skills] he will prefer to have acquired them at the higher base cost to minimise capital gains or corporation tax on a subsequent disposal .

The tax losses of a company may be available to the purchaser of the shares in the company but are not available to the purchaser of the assets unless the hive across procedure is followed ( see Chapter 7 , page 127 ) .
the tax losses of a company may be available to the purchaser of the shares in the company but are not available to the purchaser of the [skills] unless the hive across procedure is followed ( see chapter 7 , page 127 ) .

Subject to the importance of the property assets as part of the business acquisition , it is advisable that the purchaser 's solicitors carry out a full investigation of title to establish that the purchaser will acquire the property assets free from any adverse encumbrances , obligations or restrictions .
subject to the importance of the property [skills] as part of the business acquisition , it is advisable that the purchaser 's solicitors carry out a full investigation of title to establish that the purchaser will acquire the property [skills] free from any adverse encumbrances , obligations or restrictions .

It is common for the articles of association of a company that is a management buy-out vehicle , a joint venture company , or which is owned by multiple shareholders to provide that the sale of the assets and undertaking of the company requires the consent of specified individuals .
it is common for the articles of association of a company that is a management buy-out vehicle , a joint venture company , or which is owned by multiple shareholders to provide that the sale of the [skills] and undertaking of the company requires the consent of specified individuals .

Often the articles of the holding company will provide that consent is required for the sale of the assets of the holding company and of any of its subsidiaries .
often the articles of the holding company will provide that consent is required for the sale of the [skills] of the holding company and of any of its subsidiaries .

Sometimes the restriction is drafted so that consent is only required on the sale or disposal of a `` material `` part of the assets and undertaking .
sometimes the restriction is drafted so that consent is only required on the sale or disposal of a `` material `` part of the [skills] and undertaking .

It is common for a shareholders ' agreement to provide that the sale of the assets and undertaking of the company requires the approval of the shareholders .
it is common for a shareholders ' agreement to provide that the sale of the [skills] and undertaking of the company requires the approval of the shareholders .

If the vendor has granted any fixed or floating charges over any of the assets , the purchaser will insist that it acquires these assets free of all such charges .
if the vendor has granted any fixed or floating charges over any of the [skills] , the purchaser will insist that it acquires these [skills] free of all such charges .

As regards the floating charge , if the sale of the vendor 's assets is an event of crystallisation , the purchaser should insist on a similar deed of release .
as regards the floating charge , if the sale of the vendor 's [skills] is an event of crystallisation , the purchaser should insist on a similar deed of release .

For example , a loan agreement may provide that a disposal of the assets of the holding company or of any of its subsidiaries requires the prior written consent of the lender .
for example , a loan agreement may provide that a disposal of the [skills] of the holding company or of any of its subsidiaries requires the prior written consent of the lender .

The comparisons relate to net assets , net profits , the consideration and , where shares are issued as consideration , the shares to be issued compared with those previously in issue .
the comparisons relate to net [skills] , net profits , the consideration and , where shares are issued as consideration , the shares to be issued compared with those previously in issue .

The assets comparison operates by comparing the value of the assets being sold to the value of the assets of the acquiring or disposing company , whichever is listed .
the [skills] comparison operates by comparing the value of the [skills] being sold to the value of the [skills] of the acquiring or disposing company , whichever is listed .

The assets means the book value of the net assets ( excluding intangibles and after deducting loan capital and tax provisions ) taken from the most recent published consolidated accounts adjusted to take account of the subsequent transactions which have already been notified to shareholders .
the [skills] means the book value of the net [skills] ( excluding intangibles and after deducting loan capital and tax provisions ) taken from the most recent published consolidated accounts adjusted to take account of the subsequent transactions which have already been notified to shareholders .

The Stock Exchange Quotations Committee may be willing to relax the test if a significant element of the assets sold comprise intangible assets such as goodwill .
the stock exchange quotations committee may be willing to relax the test if a significant element of the [skills] sold comprise intangible [skills] such as goodwill .

The profits comparison operates by comparing the net profits before tax and excluding extraordinary items attributable to the assets being sold compared to either the vendor as a whole or the purchaser .
the profits comparison operates by comparing the net profits before tax and excluding extraordinary items attributable to the [skills] being sold compared to either the vendor as a whole or the purchaser .

The consideration comparison operates by comparing the aggregate value of the consideration received with the assets or gross capital of the vendor or purchaser as appropriate .
the consideration comparison operates by comparing the aggregate value of the consideration received with the [skills] or gross capital of the vendor or purchaser as appropriate .

This compares the value of the purchaser 's market capitalisation and various assets and liabilities ( including debt securities ) with the value of the consideration payable and various assets and liabilities of the target .
this compares the value of the purchaser 's market capitalisation and various [skills] and liabilities ( including debt securities ) with the value of the consideration payable and various [skills] and liabilities of the target .

The fees vary from £5,000 to £15,000 and depend on the value of the assets taken over .
the fees vary from £5,000 to £15,000 and depend on the value of the [skills] taken over .

Where it is only specific individual assets of a business that are transferred , a prohibition on competition on the vendor will not usually be required to protect the purchaser and is likely to infringe Article 85 ( 1 ) .
where it is only specific individual [skills] of a business that are transferred , a prohibition on competition on the vendor will not usually be required to protect the purchaser and is likely to infringe article 85 ( 1 ) .

There are formulae and ratios that purchasers use as guides such as basing the price on a multiple of earnings or net assets .
there are formulae and ratios that purchasers use as guides such as basing the price on a multiple of earnings or net [skills] .

Alternatively the purchaser and vendor may agree that some or all of the price is to be based on the net book value of the assets or by reference to earnings .
alternatively the purchaser and vendor may agree that some or all of the price is to be based on the net book value of the [skills] or by reference to earnings .

Such undertakings will normally be unacceptable to the purchaser who may wish to dispose of part of the assets or reduce inherent costs by utilising existing central services such as its own accounts department .
such undertakings will normally be unacceptable to the purchaser who may wish to dispose of part of the [skills] or reduce inherent costs by utilising existing central services such as its own accounts department .

The vendor will also wish to impose restrictions on the ability of the purchaser to extract dividends or to levy management charges and revalue assets .
the vendor will also wish to impose restrictions on the ability of the purchaser to extract dividends or to levy management charges and revalue [skills] .

The apportionment of the price between the respective assets has complicated tax consequences which are discussed in detail in Chapter 7 .
the apportionment of the price between the respective [skills] has complicated tax consequences which are discussed in detail in chapter 7 .

Alternatively assets of one business may themselves be used to buy the assets of another business .
alternatively [skills] of one business may themselves be used to buy the [skills] of another business .

In addition , the vendor may wish to take a charge over the assets being sold .
in addition , the vendor may wish to take a charge over the [skills] being sold .

For such instances to be relevant , the purchase price for the assets must be significantly less than market value .
for such instances to be relevant , the purchase price for the [skills] must be significantly less than market value .

Problems will arise on an asset sale where the vendor and purchaser are members of the same group of companies and the assets are transferred at an under value .
problems will arise on an asset sale where the vendor and purchaser are members of the same group of companies and the [skills] are transferred at an under value .

This will involve identifying the liabilities and risks to be assumed and the state of the assets being acquired .
this will involve identifying the liabilities and risks to be assumed and the state of the [skills] being acquired .

Due diligence for asset sales is generally cheaper and quicker than for share sales as the investigation covers the specific assets that have been selected rather than investigating hidden liabilities .
due diligence for asset sales is generally cheaper and quicker than for share sales as the investigation covers the specific [skills] that have been selected rather than investigating hidden liabilities .

One way of reducing the cost is to investigate a cross-section of the main assets rather than each separate asset .
one way of reducing the cost is to investigate a cross-section of the main [skills] rather than each separate asset .

This will give the purchaser assurance as to the main assets and an overview on the minor assets .
this will give the purchaser assurance as to the main [skills] and an overview on the minor [skills] .

The second and more important reason is to impose liability on the vendor in the event that the assets are inadequate or defective or the vendor does not have adequate title .
the second and more important reason is to impose liability on the vendor in the event that the [skills] are inadequate or defective or the vendor does not have adequate title .

This is less important than in a share sale where the difficulty of the purchaser , without an express damage statement , is to show that the shares are worth less than the purchaser paid for them , as a reduction in the assets or increase in the liabilities does not necessarily reduce the price of the shares .
this is less important than in a share sale where the difficulty of the purchaser , without an express damage statement , is to show that the shares are worth less than the purchaser paid for them , as a reduction in the [skills] or increase in the liabilities does not necessarily reduce the price of the shares .

One of the common problems encountered in assets sales is determining how the customer and supplier contracts entered into by the vendor are to be transferred to the purchaser .
one of the common problems encountered in [skills] sales is determining how the customer and supplier contracts entered into by the vendor are to be transferred to the purchaser .

The issue is not dissimilar to the general question of identifying what assets are included in the sale and what are excluded .
the issue is not dissimilar to the general question of identifying what [skills] are included in the sale and what are excluded .

The general advantage of asset sales over share sales is that the purchaser can be selective as to which assets and liabilities he buys or assumes .
the general advantage of asset sales over share sales is that the purchaser can be selective as to which [skills] and liabilities he buys or assumes .

This is particularly important if the purchaser is buying a service business and one of the main assets ( or possibly liabilities ) is the vendor 's employees .
this is particularly important if the purchaser is buying a service business and one of the main [skills] ( or possibly liabilities ) is the vendor 's employees .

However , it must be stressed that it is a question of fact in each individual transaction , and the question one has to ask objectively in every single situation is whether the purchaser is merely selecting specific assets for the use in his own business or whether he is buying assets in order that he can carry on the business in succession to and in place of the vendor .
however , it must be stressed that it is a question of fact in each individual transaction , and the question one has to ask objectively in every single situation is whether the purchaser is merely selecting specific [skills] for the use in his own business or whether he is buying [skills] in order that he can carry on the business in succession to and in place of the vendor .

The factors which , if present , indicate the transfer as a going concern largely relate to intangible assets .
the factors which , if present , indicate the transfer as a going concern largely relate to intangible [skills] .

Tangible assets
tangible [skills]

In the words of Duncan McLaren , of Friends of the Earth : `` Undoubtedly the deal reduces the value of Fisons ' peat assets and could discourage purchasers .
in the words of duncan mclaren , of friends of the earth : `` undoubtedly the deal reduces the value of fisons ' peat [skills] and could discourage purchasers .

Marketable wealth comprises stocks and shares , cash , bank deposits , consumer durables , buildings , trade assets , land , and dwellings net of mortgage debt .
marketable wealth comprises stocks and shares , cash , bank deposits , consumer durables , buildings , trade [skills] , land , and dwellings net of mortgage debt .

There is as yet only an embryonic realisation of the social and economic costs of the `` efficient factory `` in terms of structural unemployment , frantic energy consumption , loss of job satisfaction and the squandering of some of society 's most precious assets , which are the skill , ingenuity , creativity and enthusiasm of ordinary people .
there is as yet only an embryonic realisation of the social and economic costs of the `` efficient factory `` in terms of structural unemployment , frantic energy consumption , loss of job satisfaction and the squandering of some of society 's most precious [skills] , which are the skill , ingenuity , creativity and enthusiasm of ordinary people .

It also meant that well-trained war-horses were immensely valuable assets .
it also meant that well-trained war-horses were immensely valuable [skills] .

It would not work because it assumes compliance by those who own the assets and resources , other than labour , of industry ; and that assumption ignores that there inheres in ownership an inalienable right to determine whether , and if so how , to use those assets and resources .
it would not work because it assumes compliance by those who own the [skills] and resources , other than labour , of industry ; and that assumption ignores that there inheres in ownership an inalienable right to determine whether , and if so how , to use those [skills] and resources .

With the reservation , following Bolton , ‘ that a small firm could not be adequately defined in terms of employment or assets , turnover or any other arbitrary single quantity , nor would the same definition be appropriate through the economy ’ , we can adopt with him an upper limit of 200 employees for small manufacturing firms ; and note that , in 1963 , when he adopted that limit , the average number of people employed in such a firm was 25 .
with the reservation , following bolton , ‘ that a small firm could not be adequately defined in terms of employment or [skills] , turnover or any other arbitrary single quantity , nor would the same definition be appropriate through the economy ’ , we can adopt with him an upper limit of 200 employees for small manufacturing firms ; and note that , in 1963 , when he adopted that limit , the average number of people employed in such a firm was 25 .

It is , of course , easier to start a new business , whether co-operative or conventional in organisation , which does not demand the investment at the outset of large sums but can build up its capital assets from a modest beginning .
it is , of course , easier to start a new business , whether co-operative or conventional in organisation , which does not demand the investment at the outset of large sums but can build up its capital [skills] from a modest beginning .

Norris believed that such national assets should remain in government hands ( pp .
norris believed that such national [skills] should remain in government hands ( pp .

Eventually , in January 1981 , the remaining 52 hostages were freed when $ 7.9 billion worth of frozen Iranian assets were returned marking the end of a humiliating experience for the world 's wealthiest and apparently most powerful nation .
eventually , in january 1981 , the remaining 52 hostages were freed when $ 7.9 billion worth of frozen iranian [skills] were returned marking the end of a humiliating experience for the world 's wealthiest and apparently most powerful nation .

Success is when you achieve your target 20 per cent return on assets at the year 's end .
success is when you achieve your target 20 per cent return on [skills] at the year 's end .

The contribution might relate to return on assets , employee productivity or product developments .
the contribution might relate to return on [skills] , employee productivity or product developments .

Therefore , equity demands that they share in the total assets .
therefore , equity demands that they share in the total [skills] .

The landowner , Lord Wharncliffe , conscious of the loss of one of Britain 's greatest natural assets , immediately instructed his workmen to reconstruct the lip exactly as it was before , and it is to him that we now owe the sight of Hardraw Force in all its almost-original splendour .
the landowner , lord wharncliffe , conscious of the loss of one of britain 's greatest natural [skills] , immediately instructed his workmen to reconstruct the lip exactly as it was before , and it is to him that we now owe the sight of hardraw force in all its almost-original splendour .

Acknowledging his administrative talents and scholarly assets , Mrs Stevenson said the board felt , ‘ He simply did not have the specific skills which were needed for the job ’ .
acknowledging his administrative talents and scholarly [skills] , mrs stevenson said the board felt , ‘ he simply did not have the specific skills which were needed for the job ’ .

He seized the assets of all those he held , doubtless exceeding his authority in cases of the very wealthy .
he seized the [skills] of all those he held , doubtless exceeding his authority in cases of the very wealthy .

Their estates and assets were seized for the imperial treasury , and one can only speculate on the possible consequences .
their estates and [skills] were seized for the imperial treasury , and one can only speculate on the possible consequences .

Enterprising landowners may have developed such valuable assets and erected health resorts similar to establishments of recent centuries .
enterprising landowners may have developed such valuable [skills] and erected health resorts similar to establishments of recent centuries .

Where the shifting of assets and activities from the public to the private sector has not been possible , the government has attempted to subject public organizations ( such as the National Health Service and the administrative sections of Whitehall departments ) to competitive and financial pressures analogous to market pressures under which private businesses operate .
where the shifting of [skills] and activities from the public to the private sector has not been possible , the government has attempted to subject public organizations ( such as the national health service and the administrative sections of whitehall departments ) to competitive and financial pressures analogous to market pressures under which private businesses operate .

It is said to function through the mechanism of the take-over bid so as to allocate the assets of companies to those managers who can put them to their best use , thereby disciplining managers to maximize profits or face the threat of a take-over bid ousting them from their jobs .
it is said to function through the mechanism of the take-over bid so as to allocate the [skills] of companies to those managers who can put them to their best use , thereby disciplining managers to maximize profits or face the threat of a take-over bid ousting them from their jobs .

Indeed if the aim is to provide those who control corporate assets with an incentive for putting those assets to their best use it should be the managers who receive the profits of the company and in whose interests it should be run , a conclusion which no one has as yet advocated seriously .
indeed if the aim is to provide those who control corporate [skills] with an incentive for putting those [skills] to their best use it should be the managers who receive the profits of the company and in whose interests it should be run , a conclusion which no one has as yet advocated seriously .

Quick reflexes , intuition and mobility have been the chief assets of Achille Prospero Rosario Maria Giovanni Carlo Bonito Oliva .
quick reflexes , intuition and mobility have been the chief [skills] of achille prospero rosario maria giovanni carlo bonito oliva .

We ( along with our rival colleagues at Christie 's ) had hoped to succeed in including antiques and works of art in the clause of the new Hong Kong basic law which guarantees the exportability of certain types of financial assets after 1997 .
we ( along with our rival colleagues at christie 's ) had hoped to succeed in including antiques and works of art in the clause of the new hong kong basic law which guarantees the exportability of certain types of financial [skills] after 1997 .

Several new privately developed housing estates are prominent landmarks , developments of homes with the distinctly middle-class assets of laundry rooms , ground-floor children 's playrooms , integral garages and so forth .
several new privately developed housing estates are prominent landmarks , developments of homes with the distinctly middle-class [skills] of laundry rooms , ground-floor children 's playrooms , integral garages and so forth .

The librarian The librarian is what might today be called the college 's chief information scientist — responsible for the policy and running of one of the college 's principal physical assets — its information base , contained in books , journals , computer and microfiche stores and archives .
the librarian the librarian is what might today be called the college 's chief information scientist — responsible for the policy and running of one of the college 's principal physical [skills] — its information base , contained in books , journals , computer and microfiche stores and archives .

The way is then clear for an astute outside agent to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .
the way is then clear for an astute outside agent to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's [skills] , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .

If this constraint is important in reality , that is if sufficient outside individuals or firms are actively considering opportunities , then it would seem the only way to avoid takeover is to employ the company 's assets efficiently .
if this constraint is important in reality , that is if sufficient outside individuals or firms are actively considering opportunities , then it would seem the only way to avoid takeover is to employ the company 's [skills] efficiently .

The threat of liquidation by `` shareholders ' is far more potent than in other forms , and it brings with it the threat that management will have no assets to manage .
the threat of liquidation by `` shareholders ' is far more potent than in other forms , and it brings with it the threat that management will have no [skills] to manage .

It seems clear that , because they probably do not have as much of their total assets dependent upon the fortunes of a specific firm , the firm 's shareholders are less risk-averse than the manager .
it seems clear that , because they probably do not have as much of their total [skills] dependent upon the fortunes of a specific firm , the firm 's shareholders are less risk-averse than the manager .

In these relationships , both parties are likely to be risk-averse , perhaps employees more so than the manager as they may have a greater proportion of human and other capital tied up in firm-specific assets .
in these relationships , both parties are likely to be risk-averse , perhaps employees more so than the manager as they may have a greater proportion of human and other capital tied up in firm-specific [skills] .

In 1482 the duchy council complained that Gloucester and his subordinates were wasting the assets of the duchy .
in 1482 the duchy council complained that gloucester and his subordinates were wasting the [skills] of the duchy .

The agency dealing with denationalization is also of great importance by giving statutory foundation for deducing title to those ( foreigners and Hungarians alike ) who seek to acquire state-owned assets .
the agency dealing with denationalization is also of great importance by giving statutory foundation for deducing title to those ( foreigners and hungarians alike ) who seek to acquire state-owned [skills] .

All companies have the capacity to acquire rights and to enter into obligations , to own assets , to make contracts , to sue and be sued in their own name ; and there is no ultra vires rule .
all companies have the capacity to acquire rights and to enter into obligations , to own [skills] , to make contracts , to sue and be sued in their own name ; and there is no ultra vires rule .

It is , however , stated among the general provisions of the Act that non-residents have an indefeasible right ( provided the assets are available ) to transfer their share in the net profits and in case of liquidation their liquidation quota in the capital of the company in the same currency as their original investment .
it is , however , stated among the general provisions of the act that non-residents have an indefeasible right ( provided the [skills] are available ) to transfer their share in the net profits and in case of liquidation their liquidation quota in the capital of the company in the same currency as their original investment .

The detailed procedural rules ( including how closing and opening balance sheets must be established ) control as to what part of the assets may be sold or distributed go far beyond the scope of this paper .
the detailed procedural rules ( including how closing and opening balance sheets must be established ) control as to what part of the [skills] may be sold or distributed go far beyond the scope of this paper .

It exercises the right of the state as owner in respect of the assets coming under its control .
it exercises the right of the state as owner in respect of the [skills] coming under its control .

The cost of its operation is part of the budget and the state assets under the agency 's control must not be utilized for the purposes of the
the cost of its operation is part of the budget and the state [skills] under the agency 's control must not be utilized for the purposes of the

The governing body of the agency is the board of directors consisting of eleven members , all appointed by parliament , but five of them are appointed pursuant to the recommendation of the following bodies , namely : the organizations dealing with the environment , one by the trade unions , one by the employers ' organization , one by Social Security , and one by the various organizations presently dealing with state assets .
the governing body of the agency is the board of directors consisting of eleven members , all appointed by parliament , but five of them are appointed pursuant to the recommendation of the following bodies , namely : the organizations dealing with the environment , one by the trade unions , one by the employers ' organization , one by social security , and one by the various organizations presently dealing with state [skills] .

The statute only vests in the agency ( with some exceptions ) the state-owned assets of such former state enterprises which have already been converted into companies ; further , such part of the equity of other companies which was vested in the state before coming into force of the statute of conversion and which are still in state ownership ; finally , assets remaining in state ownership after the liquidation of state enterprises and any other assets which are from time to time vested in the agency by separate legislation or a resolution of parliament .
the statute only vests in the agency ( with some exceptions ) the state-owned [skills] of such former state enterprises which have already been converted into companies ; further , such part of the equity of other companies which was vested in the state before coming into force of the statute of conversion and which are still in state ownership ; finally , [skills] remaining in state ownership after the liquidation of state enterprises and any other [skills] which are from time to time vested in the agency by separate legislation or a resolution of parliament .

The assets of enterprises created by and working under the supervision of local authorities , as well as all other state-owned assets ( for example , shares in the Hungarian National Bank ) , are reserved for separate legislation .
the [skills] of enterprises created by and working under the supervision of local authorities , as well as all other state-owned [skills] ( for example , shares in the hungarian national bank ) , are reserved for separate legislation .

The agency must first of all set up an inventory of the assets under its control and it disposes of either the management or of the ownership of the assets vested in it .
the agency must first of all set up an inventory of the [skills] under its control and it disposes of either the management or of the ownership of the [skills] vested in it .

Both in case of a straightforward sale as well as in case of delegating the management of state assets , the choice of purchaser or manager must be by tender , which is public unless the board of directors of the agency restricts the tenders of those specifically invited to submit offers .
both in case of a straightforward sale as well as in case of delegating the management of state [skills] , the choice of purchaser or manager must be by tender , which is public unless the board of directors of the agency restricts the tenders of those specifically invited to submit offers .

It must also make a submission to parliament containing proposals relating to the policy to be followed next year in respect of the dealing with the state assets .
it must also make a submission to parliament containing proposals relating to the policy to be followed next year in respect of the dealing with the state [skills] .

The privatization of state assets is channelled into a gradual process trying to attract foreign investment but slow in helping the emergence of a new middle-class of small entre-preneurs .
the privatization of state [skills] is channelled into a gradual process trying to attract foreign investment but slow in helping the emergence of a new middle-class of small entre-preneurs .

In particular , we may ask you to : - a ) make lists of sources of income and expenditure , and assets and liabilities , with a view to determining both the cause of the financial problem and its solution ; b ) seek impartial money advice or counselling from a solicitor or Citizens ' Advice Bureau , a financial advisory service or other appropriate advisor ; c ) make proposals to us for the repayments of the debt by regular instalments which you can afford .
in particular , we may ask you to : - a ) make lists of sources of income and expenditure , and [skills] and liabilities , with a view to determining both the cause of the financial problem and its solution ; b ) seek impartial money advice or counselling from a solicitor or citizens ' advice bureau , a financial advisory service or other appropriate advisor ; c ) make proposals to us for the repayments of the debt by regular instalments which you can afford .

To realise assets in order to pay off debts .
to realise [skills] in order to pay off debts .

At the interview all aspects of your financial affairs will be discussed , with the emphasis on minimising your tax liabilities , maximising your income and generally protecting your assets .
at the interview all aspects of your financial affairs will be discussed , with the emphasis on minimising your tax liabilities , maximising your income and generally protecting your [skills] .

They were helped by their post-war cost advantages — rapid reconstruction at home meant they had newer facilities than many of their competitors — but they were also pre-disposed towards exporting by the Allies ' confiscation of their pre-war overseas assets .
they were helped by their post-war cost advantages — rapid reconstruction at home meant they had newer facilities than many of their competitors — but they were also pre-disposed towards exporting by the allies ' confiscation of their pre-war overseas [skills] .

Although these conditions place a premium on the ‘ intangibles ’ of technical and market knowledge , they have not led to full verticality in the firms ' fixed assets .
although these conditions place a premium on the ‘ intangibles ’ of technical and market knowledge , they have not led to full verticality in the firms ' fixed [skills] .

The answer is shown in their choices of product policy , location of assets , and investments in building skills .
the answer is shown in their choices of product policy , location of [skills] , and investments in building skills .

With the discount moving down to about 20 per cent by mid-1990 , others may be similarly tempted even though the discount rate reflects some measure of the depreciated economic value of the assets .
with the discount moving down to about 20 per cent by mid-1990 , others may be similarly tempted even though the discount rate reflects some measure of the depreciated economic value of the [skills] .

States ' policies towards the ownership of assets can be considered in four categories , depending on their priorities for state ownership and their attitudes to foreign firms .
states ' policies towards the ownership of [skills] can be considered in four categories , depending on their priorities for state ownership and their attitudes to foreign firms .

In Brazil , where the total net assets of state enterprises amount to about $ 40 billion , the assets of those privatised amounted to only $ 27 million ( Pfeffermann , 1988 : p. 15 ) .
in brazil , where the total net [skills] of state enterprises amount to about $ 40 billion , the [skills] of those privatised amounted to only $ 27 million ( pfeffermann , 1988 : p. 15 ) .

Severe administrative obstacles and problems over valuation of the assets are prime obstacles to action .
severe administrative obstacles and problems over valuation of the [skills] are prime obstacles to action .

Yet Malaysia has not always gained greatly from the sales of assets , such as shares in its airline and the container terminal at port Klang .
yet malaysia has not always gained greatly from the sales of [skills] , such as shares in its airline and the container terminal at port klang .

As far as the capital assets were concerned , it was not clear who was pursuing the matter , although there was an implication that the local authority was involved .
as far as the capital [skills] were concerned , it was not clear who was pursuing the matter , although there was an implication that the local authority was involved .

The physical embodiments of the company , the balance sheet and the money , the ironmongery , are to a considerable degree wasting assets unless purposefully managed and constantly changed .
the physical embodiments of the company , the balance sheet and the money , the ironmongery , are to a considerable degree wasting [skills] unless purposefully managed and constantly changed .

Almost by definition the manufacturing assets of the company are out of date the moment they are put up , because of the march of technology ( the purpose of management is , after all , continually to improve things ) .
almost by definition the manufacturing [skills] of the company are out of date the moment they are put up , because of the march of technology ( the purpose of management is , after all , continually to improve things ) .

Real accounts — these are the accounts that deal with the assets or property of the business , e.g. fixtures and fittings ; kitchen equipment ; office equipment ; freehold premises .
real accounts — these are the accounts that deal with the [skills] or property of the business , e.g. fixtures and fittings ; kitchen equipment ; office equipment ; freehold premises .

Managers do not really see them as part of the assets of the unit .
managers do not really see them as part of the [skills] of the unit .

An obvious subject for preparation is to remind oneself of one 's assets .
an obvious subject for preparation is to remind oneself of one 's [skills] .

This policy indicated that princes were ceasing to regard their demesnes , those ragbags of rights and scattered pieces of land , chiefly as means of buying support , whether on earth or in heaven , and were viewing them instead as permanent assets , to be cultivated in a more business-like fashion .
this policy indicated that princes were ceasing to regard their demesnes , those ragbags of rights and scattered pieces of land , chiefly as means of buying support , whether on earth or in heaven , and were viewing them instead as permanent [skills] , to be cultivated in a more business-like fashion .

Although firms are more dependent on external fundraising , the proportion of shareholders equity in total assets is lower than in other advanced capitalist economies .
although firms are more dependent on external fundraising , the proportion of shareholders equity in total [skills] is lower than in other advanced capitalist economies .

The level of personal savings is particularly high in Japan at over twice the rate in Western economies , and as the majority preference is for assets with a lower risk , over two-thirds are kept in bank deposits .
the level of personal savings is particularly high in japan at over twice the rate in western economies , and as the majority preference is for [skills] with a lower risk , over two-thirds are kept in bank deposits .

Such a situation would also seem a very sensible place to teach these skills , given the twin assets of high motivation to learn , and the immediate practice of skills as they are taught .
such a situation would also seem a very sensible place to teach these skills , given the twin [skills] of high motivation to learn , and the immediate practice of skills as they are taught .

Housing represents most of the capital assets of local government .
housing represents most of the capital [skills] of local government .

The sale of council houses has produced substantial capital receipts , and smaller amounts have come from the sale of other assets .
the sale of council houses has produced substantial capital receipts , and smaller amounts have come from the sale of other [skills] .

We can say , though , that income is a flow of disposable ( spendable ) money , while wealth refers to fixed assets such as land , shares , buildings or durable possessions .
we can say , though , that income is a flow of disposable ( spendable ) money , while wealth refers to fixed [skills] such as land , shares , buildings or durable possessions .

After all , the state owns many buildings and assets , and much emphasis has been put on the institutional shareholdings of insurance companies and pension funds .
after all , the state owns many buildings and [skills] , and much emphasis has been put on the institutional shareholdings of insurance companies and pension funds .

It is true that personal ownership of some kinds of wealth is declining — but our focus is on assets under the control of individuals so that we can understand the effects of wealth on class position .
it is true that personal ownership of some kinds of wealth is declining — but our focus is on [skills] under the control of individuals so that we can understand the effects of wealth on class position .

Indeed , official figures on wealth includes a whole range of marketable assets such as savings , owner-occupied homes ( net of mortgage borrowing ) , plus cars and other consumer durables .
indeed , official figures on wealth includes a whole range of marketable [skills] such as savings , owner-occupied homes ( net of mortgage borrowing ) , plus cars and other consumer durables .

78 per cent of personal assets are owned by 25 per cent of adults , so that 75 per cent of the population share the other 22 per cent .
78 per cent of personal [skills] are owned by 25 per cent of adults , so that 75 per cent of the population share the other 22 per cent .

54 per cent of assets are owned by 10 per cent of adults .
54 per cent of [skills] are owned by 10 per cent of adults .

27 per cent of personal assets are owned by 2 per cent of the adult population .
27 per cent of personal [skills] are owned by 2 per cent of the adult population .

The lower 50 per cent of the adult population share amongst them 4 per cent of personal assets .
the lower 50 per cent of the adult population share amongst them 4 per cent of personal [skills] .

The distribution of these wealth shares is shown in Figure 2.2 , while the composition of the assets held is shown in Figure 2.3 .
the distribution of these wealth shares is shown in figure 2.2 , while the composition of the [skills] held is shown in figure 2.3 .

Although householders may make money on their home , the great bulk of these assets clearly relate to commonplace forms of consumption property .
although householders may make money on their home , the great bulk of these [skills] clearly relate to commonplace forms of consumption property .

Certainly , professional and managerial groups enjoy higher levels of consumption property , but the bulk of them fall well below the top 5 per cent who own 40 per cent of assets .
certainly , professional and managerial groups enjoy higher levels of consumption property , but the bulk of them fall well below the top 5 per cent who own 40 per cent of [skills] .

The vast majority of the population , even if they do own some consumption property , certainly have little access to income from productive assets .
the vast majority of the population , even if they do own some consumption property , certainly have little access to income from productive [skills] .

There are still clearly identifiable wealthy families , even if their assets are spread across different holdings and various forms of investment .
there are still clearly identifiable wealthy families , even if their [skills] are spread across different holdings and various forms of investment .

The share of personal assets owned by the 90 per cent below the richest 10 per cent has dramatically increased from 8 per cent in 1911 to 17 per cent in 1960 , and on to 46 per cent in 1983 .
the share of personal [skills] owned by the 90 per cent below the richest 10 per cent has dramatically increased from 8 per cent in 1911 to 17 per cent in 1960 , and on to 46 per cent in 1983 .

Although it is hard to know how valid these comparisons are , it is clear that ordinary people in Britain have far more possessions and assets than they did in 1911 .
although it is hard to know how valid these comparisons are , it is clear that ordinary people in britain have far more possessions and [skills] than they did in 1911 .

These institutions not only mobilise the assets of the wealthy , but also bring together the pension contributions and life assurance premiums of millions of others .
these institutions not only mobilise the [skills] of the wealthy , but also bring together the pension contributions and life assurance premiums of millions of others .

For Vestel , of course , those unsecured loans are a saving grace , preserving its assets from hungry creditors .
for vestel , of course , those unsecured loans are a saving grace , preserving its [skills] from hungry creditors .

Did bankers ever really believe it was perfectly safe to lend billions , not on the security of the borrower , but on that of the assets he was proposing to buy .
did bankers ever really believe it was perfectly safe to lend billions , not on the security of the borrower , but on that of the [skills] he was proposing to buy .

Despite net assets up 35 % to £458 million at Stanhope , the city is unimpressed with the sector .
despite net [skills] up 35 % to £458 million at stanhope , the city is unimpressed with the sector .

The Church of England has two major sources of revenue : its historical assets and donations from the man or woman in the pew
the church of england has two major sources of revenue : its historical [skills] and donations from the man or woman in the pew

However , it is the separation of powers which vests the assets in the Church Commissioners and the policy-making function in General Synod that seems to cause most difficulty .
however , it is the separation of powers which vests the [skills] in the church commissioners and the policy-making function in general synod that seems to cause most difficulty .

The Christian belief that a house of God should be open to everyone precludes the Church from cashing in on some of its most beautiful assets .
the christian belief that a house of god should be open to everyone precludes the church from cashing in on some of its most beautiful [skills] .

But while at a crude level Saito is turning property assets into chattels , on another he is simply doing what nouveau riche Westerners usually leave their children to do : becoming a patron of the arts .
but while at a crude level saito is turning property [skills] into chattels , on another he is simply doing what nouveau riche westerners usually leave their children to do : becoming a patron of the arts .

Yasuda is Japan 's second largest non-life insurance company , with assets of $ 21.1 billion and a strong presence in all major world markets , including London .
yasuda is japan 's second largest non-life insurance company , with [skills] of $ 21.1 billion and a strong presence in all major world markets , including london .

Counsel on both sides seem to have accepted that an Anton Piller order could have extra-territorial reach ; the challenge made for the defendant rested partly on an argument that an English court could not deal with title to or possession of foreign immovables ( rejected as there was an equity between the parties ) and partly on a plea of forum non conveniens ( rejected on the facts , and because reliance on an application in an alternative forum would cause a delay during which assets could be disposed of ) .
counsel on both sides seem to have accepted that an anton piller order could have extra-territorial reach ; the challenge made for the defendant rested partly on an argument that an english court could not deal with title to or possession of foreign immovables ( rejected as there was an equity between the parties ) and partly on a plea of forum non conveniens ( rejected on the facts , and because reliance on an application in an alternative forum would cause a delay during which [skills] could be disposed of ) .

Closely associated with Mareva injunctions , and of direct relevance to the subject-matter of the present work , are orders requiring a defendant to disclose the whereabouts of his assets .
closely associated with mareva injunctions , and of direct relevance to the subject-matter of the present work , are orders requiring a defendant to disclose the whereabouts of his [skills] .

This will not , however , preclude the granting of an injunction , or an associated disclosure order , if needed for the purpose of freezing assets ; it is immaterial that the information gained may also have value in the substantive dispute between the parties .
this will not , however , preclude the granting of an injunction , or an associated disclosure order , if needed for the purpose of freezing [skills] ; it is immaterial that the information gained may also have value in the substantive dispute between the parties .

It was thought at one time that a Mareva injunction was a remedy only available against foreign defendants , perhaps because the risk of assets being removed was usually greater and more obvious in such cases . It was however accepted by the Court of Appeal in 1980 that an injunction could properly be granted even if the defendant was based in England if in the circumstances there was a danger of the assets being removed , and this was put beyond doubt by section 37(3) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 which provides :
it was thought at one time that a mareva injunction was a remedy only available against foreign defendants , perhaps because the risk of [skills] being removed was usually greater and more obvious in such cases . it was however accepted by the court of appeal in 1980 that an injunction could properly be granted even if the defendant was based in england if in the circumstances there was a danger of the [skills] being removed , and this was put beyond doubt by section 37(3) of the supreme court act 1981 which provides :

The power of the High Court under [ section 37(1) ] to grant an interlocutory injunction restraining a party to any proceedings from removing from the jurisdiction of the High Court , or otherwise dealing with , assets located within that jurisdiction shall be exercisable in cases where that party is , as well as in cases where he is not , domiciled , resident or present within that jurisdiction .
the power of the high court under [ section 37(1) ] to grant an interlocutory injunction restraining a party to any proceedings from removing from the jurisdiction of the high court , or otherwise dealing with , [skills] located within that jurisdiction shall be exercisable in cases where that party is , as well as in cases where he is not , domiciled , resident or present within that jurisdiction .

It will be noted that section 37 ( 3 ) refers to ‘ assets located within that jurisdiction ’ , a reference which reflects , but does not directly confirm , the understanding of the position which prevailed in 1981 , that an injunction could only attach to assets within England and Wales .
it will be noted that section 37 ( 3 ) refers to ‘ [skills] located within that jurisdiction ’ , a reference which reflects , but does not directly confirm , the understanding of the position which prevailed in 1981 , that an injunction could only attach to [skills] within england and wales .

1 ) , which was before another division of the Court of Appeal as judgment was being given in Republic of Haiti v. Duvalier , the power to grant a Mareva injunction in respect of assets outside England and Wales , both before and after judgment , was declared to be established law .
1 ) , which was before another division of the court of appeal as judgment was being given in republic of haiti v. duvalier , the power to grant a mareva injunction in respect of [skills] outside england and wales , both before and after judgment , was declared to be established law .

In a later phase in the same litigation , the Court of Appeal held that it had jurisdiction in appropriate cases to order the transfer of assets subject to a Mareva injunction from one foreign country to another , enforcement considerations being especially relevant .
in a later phase in the same litigation , the court of appeal held that it had jurisdiction in appropriate cases to order the transfer of [skills] subject to a mareva injunction from one foreign country to another , enforcement considerations being especially relevant .

The Court of Appeal has , however , subsequently held that in the exceptional cases in which a Mareva injunction might be granted in support of a foreign judgment or arbitration award ( enforcement of which is being sought in England ) the injunction will normally be limited to assets in England .
the court of appeal has , however , subsequently held that in the exceptional cases in which a mareva injunction might be granted in support of a foreign judgment or arbitration award ( enforcement of which is being sought in england ) the injunction will normally be limited to [skills] in england .

In the present context , the importance of the Mareva injunction lies in the associated order that there be disclosure of the nature and location of the assets covered by the injunction ( and possibly of other assets , though the courts do not seem to have gone this far ) and of documents relating to those assets .
in the present context , the importance of the mareva injunction lies in the associated order that there be disclosure of the nature and location of the [skills] covered by the injunction ( and possibly of other [skills] , though the courts do not seem to have gone this far ) and of documents relating to those [skills] .

Disclosure orders may be made in respect of assets outside the jurisdiction , for example documents relating to a Swiss bank account .
disclosure orders may be made in respect of [skills] outside the jurisdiction , for example documents relating to a swiss bank account .

In many more cases , once a plaintiff discovers that there are assets in a State he will wish ( and sometimes be enabled by the very presence of the assets ) to commence proceedings in the courts of that State ; there is what might be described as a ‘ jurisdiction-fishing expedition ’ .
in many more cases , once a plaintiff discovers that there are [skills] in a state he will wish ( and sometimes be enabled by the very presence of the [skills] ) to commence proceedings in the courts of that state ; there is what might be described as a ‘ jurisdiction-fishing expedition ’ .

The implication of these types of ratio is that the population may be divided into two groups ; assets , i.e .
the implication of these types of ratio is that the population may be divided into two groups ; [skills] , i.e .

Principle 7 Customer Assets
principle 7 customer [skills]

Although , in some instances , it is possible to ratify some breaches of fiduciary duty , it would appear that according to the Privy Council ruling in Cook v. Deeks , the mala fide abuse of an insider 's position or the misuse of corporate assets does not permit ratification .
although , in some instances , it is possible to ratify some breaches of fiduciary duty , it would appear that according to the privy council ruling in cook v. deeks , the mala fide abuse of an insider 's position or the misuse of corporate [skills] does not permit ratification .

Here the shareholder could argue that the insider dealing was either a mala fide abuse of position or a misappropriation of the company 's assets , neither of which are ratifiable .
here the shareholder could argue that the insider dealing was either a mala fide abuse of position or a misappropriation of the company 's [skills] , neither of which are ratifiable .

International liquidity can be defined as those assets which are internationally acceptable in the payment of debts .
international liquidity can be defined as those [skills] which are internationally acceptable in the payment of debts .

Furthermore , confidence in the exchange value of the dollar was essential since it provided the bulk of the reserve assets in the system : any devaluation of the dollar would give rise to fears that it might be devalued again , and hence there would be a reluctance to hold dollars as a reserve currency .
furthermore , confidence in the exchange value of the dollar was essential since it provided the bulk of the reserve [skills] in the system : any devaluation of the dollar would give rise to fears that it might be devalued again , and hence there would be a reluctance to hold dollars as a reserve currency .

However , the system of floating exchange rates was thought at the time to be a temporary feature of the international monetary system : it was hoped that a new framework would be found for a return to some kind of adjustable peg in which the burden of adjustment was clearly defined , both for deficit and surplus countries , and in which reserve assets were not based primarily on one currency .
however , the system of floating exchange rates was thought at the time to be a temporary feature of the international monetary system : it was hoped that a new framework would be found for a return to some kind of adjustable peg in which the burden of adjustment was clearly defined , both for deficit and surplus countries , and in which reserve [skills] were not based primarily on one currency .

What , then , has happened to the dollar and gold , the two key reserve assets under the adjustable peg ?
what , then , has happened to the dollar and gold , the two key reserve [skills] under the adjustable peg ?

Liquidity is based less on the dollar or other key reserve assets and more on variety of currencies , since there is no obligation to peg individual currencies to any particular standard .
liquidity is based less on the dollar or other key reserve [skills] and more on variety of currencies , since there is no obligation to peg individual currencies to any particular standard .

All the sectors transact with another sector in some way , in the form of either production and sale of goods and services , or borrowing and lending ( the production of financial assets and liabilities ) , or indeed both types of transaction .
all the sectors transact with another sector in some way , in the form of either production and sale of goods and services , or borrowing and lending ( the production of financial [skills] and liabilities ) , or indeed both types of transaction .

In our example the man earning £100 per week plans to spend only £70 ; therefore he can save the remainder and purchase a range of financial assets which earn a rate of return .
in our example the man earning £100 per week plans to spend only £70 ; therefore he can save the remainder and purchase a range of financial [skills] which earn a rate of return .

However , such savings can not immediately be turned into cash since there is inconvenience , cost , and even uncertainty of value with some financial assets .
however , such savings can not immediately be turned into cash since there is inconvenience , cost , and even uncertainty of value with some financial [skills] .

These speculative balances are available for the purchase of types of wealth such as financial assets , since wealth held as money , although it has the advantage of being perfectly liquid , earns no rate of return .
these speculative balances are available for the purchase of types of wealth such as financial [skills] , since wealth held as money , although it has the advantage of being perfectly liquid , earns no rate of return .

Thus speculative balances will be held in anticipation of the purchase of non-monetary assets at some future date .
thus speculative balances will be held in anticipation of the purchase of non-monetary [skills] at some future date .

But why might potential buyers of financial assets delay their transactions and instead hold their wealth in a perfectly liquid form with a zero or low yield , e.g .
but why might potential buyers of financial [skills] delay their transactions and instead hold their wealth in a perfectly liquid form with a zero or low yield , e.g .

In the case of dated bonds and other financial assets there will still be an inverse relationship between the market price and yield , but it will not be proportional .
in the case of dated bonds and other financial [skills] there will still be an inverse relationship between the market price and yield , but it will not be proportional .

their yield will rise ) , then they will not purchase these assets now because they will suffer a capital loss if their expectations are borne out by experience .
their yield will rise ) , then they will not purchase these [skills] now because they will suffer a capital loss if their expectations are borne out by experience .

The extra money balances are therefore available as a direct form of wealth holding , or else they can be used to purchase those financial assets which are a close substitute .
the extra money balances are therefore available as a direct form of wealth holding , or else they can be used to purchase those financial [skills] which are a close substitute .

An increased demand for financial assets will lead to a rise in their price , and thus a fall in their yields .
an increased demand for financial [skills] will lead to a rise in their price , and thus a fall in their yields .

Of course market expectations may constrain the movements in interest rates since any increase in the money supply could simply be absorbed into speculative balances if the general opinion is that the price of financial assets will fall in the near future .
of course market expectations may constrain the movements in interest rates since any increase in the money supply could simply be absorbed into speculative balances if the general opinion is that the price of financial [skills] will fall in the near future .

The actual proportion in which each individual holds his wealth depends upon the relative yields he receives on the whole range of assets , and upon his individual tastes and preferences .
the actual proportion in which each individual holds his wealth depends upon the relative yields he receives on the whole range of [skills] , and upon his individual tastes and preferences .

Thus the demand for money is seen to depend upon the relative yield or attraction of money and a wide range of other assets , and so ‘ money ’ is taken to be an equal substitute for all these other types of assets .
thus the demand for money is seen to depend upon the relative yield or attraction of money and a wide range of other [skills] , and so ‘ money ’ is taken to be an equal substitute for all these other types of [skills] .

However , the basic argument of the monetarist is that money is a unique asset which is not a close substitute for any particular range of assets , but instead is a substitute for all assets both real and financial .
however , the basic argument of the monetarist is that money is a unique asset which is not a close substitute for any particular range of [skills] , but instead is a substitute for all [skills] both real and financial .

Thus the substitutability of money for other assets is one crucial area of difference between the Keynesians and monetarists : whereas the former argue that money is a close substitute for financial assets , the latter claim that money is a substitute for all assets .
thus the substitutability of money for other [skills] is one crucial area of difference between the keynesians and monetarists : whereas the former argue that money is a close substitute for financial [skills] , the latter claim that money is a substitute for all [skills] .

One difference between the two views is that Keynesians believe money is a close substitute for financial assets , whereas the monetarists argue that money is not a particularly close substitute for any specific range of assets .
one difference between the two views is that keynesians believe money is a close substitute for financial [skills] , whereas the monetarists argue that money is not a particularly close substitute for any specific range of [skills] .

The Keynesians would therefore expect a close relationship between the demand for money and the yield ( rate of interest ) on near-money substitutes , but the monetarist would not expect a significant relationship because of the belief that money is a substitute for all assets alike .
the keynesians would therefore expect a close relationship between the demand for money and the yield ( rate of interest ) on near-money substitutes , but the monetarist would not expect a significant relationship because of the belief that money is a substitute for all [skills] alike .

We have already established the Keynesian view that an increase in the money supply will lead to the purchase of financial assets .
we have already established the keynesian view that an increase in the money supply will lead to the purchase of financial [skills] .

Further , these purchases are expected to lead to an increase in the price of financial assets and a fall in their yields ( i.e .
further , these purchases are expected to lead to an increase in the price of financial [skills] and a fall in their yields ( i.e .

It is first necessary to recognize that some financial assets are closer substitutes for money than other financial assets , and so are the more likely to be immediately affected by a change in the money supply .
it is first necessary to recognize that some financial [skills] are closer substitutes for money than other financial [skills] , and so are the more likely to be immediately affected by a change in the money supply .

Therefore any adjustment which comes about as a result of an increase in the money supply will probably take place first of all through purchases of short-term , highly liquid financial assets such as Treasury bills and bank bills .
therefore any adjustment which comes about as a result of an increase in the money supply will probably take place first of all through purchases of short-term , highly liquid financial [skills] such as treasury bills and bank bills .

As a consequence the prices of these assets will begin to rise , i.e .
as a consequence the prices of these [skills] will begin to rise , i.e .

Rational behaviour would dictate that substitution of short-dated bonds for the relatively less attractive bills will now take place , and so the price of these bonds will begin to rise as investors increase their demand for them and the yield on these assets will begin to decline .
rational behaviour would dictate that substitution of short-dated bonds for the relatively less attractive bills will now take place , and so the price of these bonds will begin to rise as investors increase their demand for them and the yield on these [skills] will begin to decline .

The Keynesian view would emphasize that the original increase in the quantity of money will have a ripple effect spreading through the whole financial market until eventually even the less liquid financial assets such as equities are affected .
the keynesian view would emphasize that the original increase in the quantity of money will have a ripple effect spreading through the whole financial market until eventually even the less liquid financial [skills] such as equities are affected .

The overall effect of the above process should be a fall in interest rates throughout the whole spectrum of financial assets .
the overall effect of the above process should be a fall in interest rates throughout the whole spectrum of financial [skills] .

Furthermore , the process may be unpredictable as far as individual yields are concerned because the movement in the prices of financial assets is subject to the variable and uncertain expectations of the market .
furthermore , the process may be unpredictable as far as individual yields are concerned because the movement in the prices of financial [skills] is subject to the variable and uncertain expectations of the market .

The assumption that money is a substitute for all assets , both real and financial , leads the monetarists to conclude that an increase in the money supply brings about directly an increase in prices as a consequence of increased purchases of all types of assets .
the assumption that money is a substitute for all [skills] , both real and financial , leads the monetarists to conclude that an increase in the money supply brings about directly an increase in prices as a consequence of increased purchases of all types of [skills] .

The Keynesians argue that money is a close substitute for financial assets , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in the price of financial assets and a fall in the yield received .
the keynesians argue that money is a close substitute for financial [skills] , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in the price of financial [skills] and a fall in the yield received .

In contrast , the monetarists argue that money is a substitute for all assets , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in prices in general , not just in the price of financial assets .
in contrast , the monetarists argue that money is a substitute for all [skills] , so they see an increase in the money supply resulting in an increase in prices in general , not just in the price of financial [skills] .

The problems of physical shortages and the volume of highly liquid financial assets accumulated during the war ( high incomes during the war period , with few goods and services to be bought , led to high savings ) probably meant that attempts to regulate the economy by monetary means would have failed .
the problems of physical shortages and the volume of highly liquid financial [skills] accumulated during the war ( high incomes during the war period , with few goods and services to be bought , led to high savings ) probably meant that attempts to regulate the economy by monetary means would have failed .

Furthermore , the authorities did not control the supply of all the eligible liquid assets which could count towards the banks ' liquidity ratio .
furthermore , the authorities did not control the supply of all the eligible liquid [skills] which could count towards the banks ' liquidity ratio .

We have seen earlier that the banks were able to substitute other liquid assets ( money at call , commercial bills ) as the supply of Treasury bills contracted .
we have seen earlier that the banks were able to substitute other liquid [skills] ( money at call , commercial bills ) as the supply of treasury bills contracted .

But you may get to keep the other assets from the marriage , or pay less to her over the years .
but you may get to keep the other [skills] from the marriage , or pay less to her over the years .

Mr Levin has said that he will seek to reduce debt by selling off $ 3bn of non-strategic assets .
mr levin has said that he will seek to reduce debt by selling off $ 3bn of non-strategic [skills] .

As part of the periodic review of company assets , the company has accepted the results of an engineering study on extending the life of Torness from 30 to 35 years , resulting in a rescheduling of depreciation charges .
as part of the periodic review of company [skills] , the company has accepted the results of an engineering study on extending the life of torness from 30 to 35 years , resulting in a rescheduling of depreciation charges .

When he arrived in Aberdeen , Morgan took over an organisation facing fundamental change to tackle the challenge of offshore safety post Piper Alpha and improve the profitability of a business based on maturing assets .
when he arrived in aberdeen , morgan took over an organisation facing fundamental change to tackle the challenge of offshore safety post piper alpha and improve the profitability of a business based on maturing [skills] .

That is not to say technological effort can not help maximise the value of assets .
that is not to say technological effort can not help maximise the value of [skills] .

Assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated into Irish pounds at the year-end exchange rates .
[skills] and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated into irish pounds at the year-end exchange rates .

Tangible Assets and Depreciation
tangible [skills] and depreciation

Tangible assets are stated at cost or valuation less accumulated depreciation .
tangible [skills] are stated at cost or valuation less accumulated depreciation .

Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of tangible assets other than freehold land over their estimated useful lives .
depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of tangible [skills] other than freehold land over their estimated useful lives .

The net assets of companies acquired are incorporated in the consolidated accounts at their fair values to the Group after making provisions for expected reorganisation costs and related gains and losses pending reorganisation .
the net [skills] of companies acquired are incorporated in the consolidated accounts at their fair values to the group after making provisions for expected reorganisation costs and related gains and losses pending reorganisation .

Capital grants are treated as deferred credits and are credited to the profit and loss account on the same basis as the related tangible assets are depreciated .
capital grants are treated as deferred credits and are credited to the profit and loss account on the same basis as the related tangible [skills] are depreciated .

8 . Tangible assets
8 . tangible [skills]

No provision has been made for any taxation liability that would arise is these assets were disposed of at their revalued amount .
no provision has been made for any taxation liability that would arise is these [skills] were disposed of at their revalued amount .

The assets of all the schemes are invested separately from those of the Group in trustee administered funds .
the [skills] of all the schemes are invested separately from those of the group in trustee administered funds .

The amount of these entitlements has been actuarially assessed and is fully funded by assets held independently of the Group .
the amount of these entitlements has been actuarially assessed and is fully funded by [skills] held independently of the group .

Under Use of Corporate Assets , Rentokil is No .
under use of corporate [skills] , rentokil is no .

Retail Cleaning recently welcomed the staff of Argyll Services to their division , having acquired their port-folio and assets .
retail cleaning recently welcomed the staff of argyll services to their division , having acquired their port-folio and [skills] .

‘ Wedgwood and Johnson Brothers are two immensely strong brand names around the world and Coalport and Mason 's Ironstone are also very valuable assets . ’
‘ wedgwood and johnson brothers are two immensely strong brand names around the world and coalport and mason 's ironstone are also very valuable [skills] . ’

Balance sheets are divided between liabilities and assets and much of the work undertaken by actuaries relates to the liabilities side .
balance sheets are divided between liabilities and [skills] and much of the work undertaken by actuaries relates to the liabilities side .

However , management of a life assurance company or a pension fund also extends to managing the assets and actuarial methods have a vital part to play in this area .
however , management of a life assurance company or a pension fund also extends to managing the [skills] and actuarial methods have a vital part to play in this area .

it was held on appeal that income from assets tied up in the deceased 's farm could not be deducted from the dependency claim by virtue of s.4 of the f.a.a as amended by the administration of justice act 1982. in this case the widow of a farmer inherited a share of a farm jointly owned by her husband and his brother .
it was held on appeal that income from [skills] tied up in the deceased 's farm could not be deducted from the dependency claim by virtue of s.4 of the f.a.a as amended by the administration of justice act 1982. in this case the widow of a farmer inherited a share of a farm jointly owned by her husband and his brother .

an arrangement was entered into whereby the widow was to receive an income p.a of $ 5000 from her assets remaining in the business .
an arrangement was entered into whereby the widow was to receive an income p.a of $ 5000 from her [skills] remaining in the business .

to have succeeded the appellant would have to have shown that the amount on which the dependency was based already included a sum which equated to a return on the assets of the business .
to have succeeded the appellant would have to have shown that the amount on which the dependency was based already included a sum which equated to a return on the [skills] of the business .

there had been no attempt by the appellant to show that any part of the deceased 's income & 6 ] consisted of a return on assets as opposed to remuneration for labour and work on the farm .
there had been no attempt by the appellant to show that any part of the deceased 's income & 6 ] consisted of a return on [skills] as opposed to remuneration for labour and work on the farm .

The net assets of the Company , as stated in the balance sheet on page 18 , are more than half of the amount of its called-up share capital and , in our opinion , on that basis there did not exist at 31 December 1992 a financial situation which under Section 40(1) of the Companies ( Amendment ) Act 1983 would require the convening of an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company .
the net [skills] of the company , as stated in the balance sheet on page 18 , are more than half of the amount of its called-up share capital and , in our opinion , on that basis there did not exist at 31 december 1992 a financial situation which under section 40(1) of the companies ( amendment ) act 1983 would require the convening of an extraordinary general meeting of the company .

Acquisition accounting to be used for all business combinations where a party can be identified as having the role of an acquirer , since this method of accounting reflects the application of resources by the acquirer and shows the value of the net assets acquired .
acquisition accounting to be used for all business combinations where a party can be identified as having the role of an acquirer , since this method of accounting reflects the application of resources by the acquirer and shows the value of the net [skills] acquired .

The increase in fixed assets reflects two major freehold property purchases during the year which took full advantage of the depressed property market .
the increase in fixed [skills] reflects two major freehold property purchases during the year which took full advantage of the depressed property market .

The accumulated fund represents the nominal value of the net assets of the Law Society valued at historic cost .
the accumulated fund represents the nominal value of the net [skills] of the law society valued at historic cost .

The Revenue said questions had been raised about whether these assets qualified for deferral if all other conditions were met and , while it could be argued they lie outside the scope of the provisions , ‘ the better view was that they are within them ’ .
the revenue said questions had been raised about whether these [skills] qualified for deferral if all other conditions were met and , while it could be argued they lie outside the scope of the provisions , ‘ the better view was that they are within them ’ .

Yet now it is so much harder to move assets they are re-asserting their traditional role , not least through the marketing of property audits , in helping businesses to manage them more effectively instead .
yet now it is so much harder to move [skills] they are re-asserting their traditional role , not least through the marketing of property audits , in helping businesses to manage them more effectively instead .

Either to close the new business altogether and run off its assets for the benefit of existing policyholders , or to seek new capital in a deal with another company .
either to close the new business altogether and run off its [skills] for the benefit of existing policyholders , or to seek new capital in a deal with another company .

Unfortunately , the surplus , or free assets in the with-profits fund have dwindled .
unfortunately , the surplus , or free [skills] in the with-profits fund have dwindled .

Reflecting the property market changes , surveyors are moving back to helping property managers make the best use of their assets .
reflecting the property market changes , surveyors are moving back to helping property managers make the best use of their [skills] .

Chilling Assets
chilling [skills]

Whereas the way now seems clear for development at Colt Hill between now and 1995/96 , despite the lack of schools capacity , the two sites owned by the Regional Council , which the Local Plan will reaffirm for housing development ( viz. East Braehead and Listloaning ) , are to be denied until after 1995 ( well after the projected survival of the Regional Council — thereby constraining the prospect of capitalising on the full value of these assets ) .
whereas the way now seems clear for development at colt hill between now and 1995/96 , despite the lack of schools capacity , the two sites owned by the regional council , which the local plan will reaffirm for housing development ( viz. east braehead and listloaning ) , are to be denied until after 1995 ( well after the projected survival of the regional council — thereby constraining the prospect of capitalising on the full value of these [skills] ) .

As Lane points out for the Soviet Union : ‘ However much control they have over Soviet production enterprises , managers and administrators can neither dispose of their assets for their private good , nor can their children have any exclusive rights to nationalised property ’ ( Lane 1982 , p. 135 ) .
as lane points out for the soviet union : ‘ however much control they have over soviet production enterprises , managers and administrators can neither dispose of their [skills] for their private good , nor can their children have any exclusive rights to nationalised property ’ ( lane 1982 , p. 135 ) .

For example , a relatively small company in terms of employees , sales or assets , may still hold a dominant place in the global distribution of a crucial commodity , usually by virtue of its technological superiority over its competitors .
for example , a relatively small company in terms of employees , sales or [skills] , may still hold a dominant place in the global distribution of a crucial commodity , usually by virtue of its technological superiority over its competitors .

While there do seem to be systematic differences between extractive industries like petroleum and metal ore mining , and manufacturing industries like consumer goods , the general conclusion is that where the TNCs are patient and persistent they usually at least recover the value of their seized assets .
while there do seem to be systematic differences between extractive industries like petroleum and metal ore mining , and manufacturing industries like consumer goods , the general conclusion is that where the tncs are patient and persistent they usually at least recover the value of their seized [skills] .

As Sigmund ( 1980 ) demonstrates for Latin America , when compensation is finally paid , it often overstates the value of the assets .
as sigmund ( 1980 ) demonstrates for latin america , when compensation is finally paid , it often overstates the value of the [skills] .

One study , based on sixty-six Third World firms ( and the evidence from other studies ) , found three main reasons for setting up joint ventures : host-government pressure , the need for the partner 's skills and the need for other attributes or assets .
one study , based on sixty-six third world firms ( and the evidence from other studies ) , found three main reasons for setting up joint ventures : host-government pressure , the need for the partner 's skills and the need for other attributes or [skills] .

In 1482 the duchy council complained that Gloucester and his subordinates were wasting the assets of the duchy .
in 1482 the duchy council complained that gloucester and his subordinates were wasting the [skills] of the duchy .

Answer guide : Answers should show an understanding that assets are used up over time and that this fact is not reflected merely by stating an asset at cost .
answer guide : answers should show an understanding that [skills] are used up over time and that this fact is not reflected merely by stating an asset at cost .

What are the deficiencies , if any , in the following definition of an asset : ‘ Assets are the things a business owns . ’
what are the deficiencies , if any , in the following definition of an asset : ‘ [skills] are the things a business owns . ’

Explain in your own words the difference between fixed assets and current assets and why it is important to classify assets into subgroups .
explain in your own words the difference between fixed [skills] and current [skills] and why it is important to classify [skills] into subgroups .

Answer guide : Answers should contain the following elements : fixed assets are for use in the business and are long term ; on the other hand current assets are essentially short term .
answer guide : answers should contain the following elements : fixed [skills] are for use in the business and are long term ; on the other hand current [skills] are essentially short term .

Answer guide : It is a list of assets less liabilities with the owners ' equity being the residual figure .
answer guide : it is a list of [skills] less liabilities with the owners ' equity being the residual figure .

note : The question has been set up so that there is a situation where the current liabilities exceed the current assets in order to allow an explanation of how dangerous this can be in terms of risk .
note : the question has been set up so that there is a situation where the current liabilities exceed the current [skills] in order to allow an explanation of how dangerous this can be in terms of risk .

The business in the example , it should be pointed out , is likely to be a retailer as there is no manufacturing capacity in the fixed assets and thus an opportunity is provided for the teacher to explore with the students the expected differences in the structure of assets and liabilities between different industries .
the business in the example , it should be pointed out , is likely to be a retailer as there is no manufacturing capacity in the fixed [skills] and thus an opportunity is provided for the teacher to explore with the students the expected differences in the structure of [skills] and liabilities between different industries .

Although there is an intention to use these parts in the business they are essentially part of the operating cycle of the business and should be treated as current assets .
although there is an intention to use these parts in the business they are essentially part of the operating cycle of the business and should be treated as current [skills] .

Clearly if we tried to apply a legal definition of ownership the asset belongs to Fred , however , unless the business is set up as a company in most countries the law does not recognize the separation of the business assets from those of the owner .
clearly if we tried to apply a legal definition of ownership the asset belongs to fred , however , unless the business is set up as a company in most countries the law does not recognize the separation of the business [skills] from those of the owner .

Experience has shown that if the distinction between these two is reinforced at every opportunity students are very soon comfortable with the difference between assets and expenses and can relate to new and unusual situations .
experience has shown that if the distinction between these two is reinforced at every opportunity students are very soon comfortable with the difference between [skills] and expenses and can relate to new and unusual situations .

Students should be encouraged to discuss why the monies from sale of fixed assets should not be included as revenue in the context of user needs .
students should be encouraged to discuss why the monies from sale of fixed [skills] should not be included as revenue in the context of user needs .

Examples could include prepayments , fixed assets , accruals , etc .
examples could include prepayments , fixed [skills] , accruals , etc .

Answer guide : When the cost does not relate to the business , e.g. the purchase of private assets through the business bank account .
answer guide : when the cost does not relate to the business , e.g. the purchase of private [skills] through the business bank account .

Why are debtors and prepayments classified as current assets ?
why are debtors and prepayments classified as current [skills] ?

Balance sheet — increase assets and liabilities .
balance sheet — increase [skills] and liabilities .

Answer guide : Straight line — asset usage and wearing out is governed by time and is equal over the assets life .
answer guide : straight line — asset usage and wearing out is governed by time and is equal over the [skills] life .

It may be the case that an argument can be put up suggesting that the wearing out process is even over the life of the assets and the incidence of repair costs is greater in later years .
it may be the case that an argument can be put up suggesting that the wearing out process is even over the life of the [skills] and the incidence of repair costs is greater in later years .

However , if we looked at the total costs of using the vehicles one could argue that by using reducing balance the repair costs in later life would be compensated by the additional depreciation in earlier years so achieving a matching of costs and revenues over the assets ' life .
however , if we looked at the total costs of using the vehicles one could argue that by using reducing balance the repair costs in later life would be compensated by the additional depreciation in earlier years so achieving a matching of costs and revenues over the [skills] ' life .

Bert not being that clever with figures opts for straight line depreciation on all the fixed assets .
bert not being that clever with figures opts for straight line depreciation on all the fixed [skills] .

Answer guide : Here we are looking for an understanding of the relationships between current assets and their liquidity and current liabilities as a short-term measure .
answer guide : here we are looking for an understanding of the relationships between current [skills] and their liquidity and current liabilities as a short-term measure .

No fixed assets were disposed of during the year .
no fixed [skills] were disposed of during the year .

The balance sheet reveals increasing fixed assets some of which relate to revaluations .
the balance sheet reveals increasing fixed [skills] some of which relate to revaluations .

‘ The will was made about a year ago and this is what it amounts to : ‘ The shop premises and stock and all assets pertaining to the business together with the contents of my studio excepting only my tube of Winsor blue to my niece and dear friend Cathy Carne ’ .
‘ the will was made about a year ago and this is what it amounts to : ‘ the shop premises and stock and all [skills] pertaining to the business together with the contents of my studio excepting only my tube of winsor blue to my niece and dear friend cathy carne ’ .

The second argument involves the transactions demand for holding cash balances instead of interest-bearing assets .
the second argument involves the transactions demand for holding cash balances instead of interest-bearing [skills] .

If the consumption plans of individuals are related to real wealth as well as to disposable income , then changes in the price level that alter the real value of assets ( which are denominated in nominal terms ) will affect aggregate demand .
if the consumption plans of individuals are related to real wealth as well as to disposable income , then changes in the price level that alter the real value of [skills] ( which are denominated in nominal terms ) will affect aggregate demand .

With the emphasis being placed on long-run equilibrium , percentage changes in the rate of interest can be expected to be zero ( is a proxy for the return on a wide range of assets ) and the is the rate of change of output governed by real influences such as factor supplies and their productivities .
with the emphasis being placed on long-run equilibrium , percentage changes in the rate of interest can be expected to be zero ( is a proxy for the return on a wide range of [skills] ) and the is the rate of change of output governed by real influences such as factor supplies and their productivities .

Hence an expenditure tax is a tax on the difference between net income ( gross income minus the costs of securing that income ) and the change in net worth ( net change in the value of liabilities minus the net change in the value of assets ) .
hence an expenditure tax is a tax on the difference between net income ( gross income minus the costs of securing that income ) and the change in net worth ( net change in the value of liabilities minus the net change in the value of [skills] ) .

One of the purposes of capital gains taxes is to prevent individuals from avoiding tax by converting their income into a capital gain : individual choices could be distorted and people might , for example , seek assets like oil paintings as opposed to bonds .
one of the purposes of capital gains taxes is to prevent individuals from avoiding tax by converting their income into a capital gain : individual choices could be distorted and people might , for example , seek [skills] like oil paintings as opposed to bonds .

This suggests the ‘ substitutive ’ wealth tax , which can be paid from income leaving wealth intact as opposed to the ‘ additive ’ wealth tax , which necessarily involves the sale of assets and corresponds to a strong aim of reducing wealth inequality .
this suggests the ‘ substitutive ’ wealth tax , which can be paid from income leaving wealth intact as opposed to the ‘ additive ’ wealth tax , which necessarily involves the sale of [skills] and corresponds to a strong aim of reducing wealth inequality .

Its prize assets are holes in the ground , the brickfields from which London was built .
its prize [skills] are holes in the ground , the brickfields from which london was built .

Option two — investing the trust fund in real assets instead of government paper — also assumes that honest book-keeping will embarrass politicians into spending less .
option two — investing the trust fund in real [skills] instead of government paper — also assumes that honest book-keeping will embarrass politicians into spending less .

Cover your assets
cover your [skills]

In his speech to the assembled guests , Ralph Ellis , Chief Executive , referred to the experience of the work force as being one of the Company 's most important assets .
in his speech to the assembled guests , ralph ellis , chief executive , referred to the experience of the work force as being one of the company 's most important [skills] .

However , the situation is slightly more complex in this case because some items ( for example , depreciation and revaluation of fixed assets ) do not involve movement of funds .
however , the situation is slightly more complex in this case because some items ( for example , depreciation and revaluation of fixed [skills] ) do not involve movement of funds .

identify and measure the assets held ( including those relating to incomplete transactions ) and summarize the sources of finance which are the external liabilities of the business and the interests of the owners
identify and measure the [skills] held ( including those relating to incomplete transactions ) and summarize the sources of finance which are the external liabilities of the business and the interests of the owners

compare the assets and liabilities at the beginning and end of an accounting period to determine where funds have come from and how they have been invested .
compare the [skills] and liabilities at the beginning and end of an accounting period to determine where funds have come from and how they have been invested .

They must also identify and attach a definite value at the balance sheet date to assets , liabilities , unsold stocks and partly used equipment .
they must also identify and attach a definite value at the balance sheet date to [skills] , liabilities , unsold stocks and partly used equipment .

Revenues are not included in an income statement until they are realized either in cash or in the form of other assets , the ultimate cash proceeds of which are reasonably certain .
revenues are not included in an income statement until they are realized either in cash or in the form of other [skills] , the ultimate cash proceeds of which are reasonably certain .

Accounting bases aim to provide consistent , fair and objective methods to deal with problems such as depreciation of fixed assets , valuing stock , translation of foreign currencies and inflation .
accounting bases aim to provide consistent , fair and objective methods to deal with problems such as depreciation of fixed [skills] , valuing stock , translation of foreign currencies and inflation .

The information disclosed in published accounts may relate to a single company or to a group of companies under a holding company . It will indicate the different kinds of assets and how they are financed
the information disclosed in published accounts may relate to a single company or to a group of companies under a holding company . it will indicate the different kinds of [skills] and how they are financed

the relationship between debt and shareholders ' funds and between current assets and liabilities
the relationship between debt and shareholders ' funds and between current [skills] and liabilities

The figures selected will obviously depend on the nature of a company 's business , but generally the most interesting trends to note will include : sales , net assets , profit , and dividends .
the figures selected will obviously depend on the nature of a company 's business , but generally the most interesting trends to note will include : sales , net [skills] , profit , and dividends .

Performance ratios attempt to answer the question : how well is the business being run ? They include ratios measuring return on investment ( both on ordinary shareholders ' funds and on the total net assets employed ) , margins on sales and measures of stock holdings and trade credit extended .
performance ratios attempt to answer the question : how well is the business being run ? they include ratios measuring return on investment ( both on ordinary shareholders ' funds and on the total net [skills] employed ) , margins on sales and measures of stock holdings and trade credit extended .

The capital gain or loss calculated for corporation tax purposes on the disposal of property , plant , equipment or other assets is usually measured as the difference between the sale price and the base cost of the asset plus a deduction for indexation ( an allowance given for the effects of inflation during the period of ownership of the asset ) .
the capital gain or loss calculated for corporation tax purposes on the disposal of property , plant , equipment or other [skills] is usually measured as the difference between the sale price and the base cost of the asset plus a deduction for indexation ( an allowance given for the effects of inflation during the period of ownership of the asset ) .

When proceeds from the disposal of business assets are reinvested in certain other business assets the chargeable gain arising can be deferred .
when proceeds from the disposal of business [skills] are reinvested in certain other business [skills] the chargeable gain arising can be deferred .

Where the new asset ( s ) are depreciating assets such as fixed plant and machinery , the deferral is for a maximum of ten years .
where the new asset ( s ) are depreciating [skills] such as fixed plant and machinery , the deferral is for a maximum of ten years .

The deferral is indefinite if reinvestment is in non-depreciating assets such as freehold land and buildings .
the deferral is indefinite if reinvestment is in non-depreciating [skills] such as freehold land and buildings .

Provision for deferred tax is only made for any differences when they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future , and no provision is usually made for deferred tax assets .
provision for deferred tax is only made for any differences when they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future , and no provision is usually made for deferred tax [skills] .

An internal system of control of a business should be designed to ensure that the policies of the management are being followed , that financial records are accurate , that the assets of the company have been safeguarded and that the opportunities for fraud are kept to a minimum .
an internal system of control of a business should be designed to ensure that the policies of the management are being followed , that financial records are accurate , that the [skills] of the company have been safeguarded and that the opportunities for fraud are kept to a minimum .

The investor will also benefit from any capital growth of the company 's assets .
the investor will also benefit from any capital growth of the company 's [skills] .

This usually takes the form of a charge on the assets of a company or a guarantee from a credit-worthy organization or institution .
this usually takes the form of a charge on the [skills] of a company or a guarantee from a credit-worthy organization or institution .

Non-recourse lending is the term used for a loan where the project itself rather than the company 's assets as a whole is the security offered to the lender .
non-recourse lending is the term used for a loan where the project itself rather than the company 's [skills] as a whole is the security offered to the lender .

an analysis is made of key financial ratios ( for example , current assets to current liabilities )
an analysis is made of key financial ratios ( for example , current [skills] to current liabilities )

Account should also be taken of relief which may be available for capital expenditure on assets .
account should also be taken of relief which may be available for capital expenditure on [skills] .

He said it was the government 's intention to privatize 30-40 per cent of state assets and he asked for a six-month moratorium on trade union pay demands .
he said it was the government 's intention to privatize 30-40 per cent of state [skills] and he asked for a six-month moratorium on trade union pay demands .

However , the country 's privatization programme , intended to streamline the state economic enterprises ( SEEs ) , ran into difficulties particularly on the question of selling state assets to foreigners .
however , the country 's privatization programme , intended to streamline the state economic enterprises ( sees ) , ran into difficulties particularly on the question of selling state [skills] to foreigners .

Large-scale rallies were held in several cities on May 14 to demand the return to the state of assets leased or rented by the CPCz before November 1989 .
large-scale rallies were held in several cities on may 14 to demand the return to the state of [skills] leased or rented by the cpcz before november 1989 .

Its draft proposal would give Indian nationals preferential treatment over other foreigners in Nepal — guaranteeing their rights to buy land , hold assets and engage in trade — and give India a first option in the supply of military hardware and training to the Nepalese Army , in the development of Nepal 's water and hydroelectric resources , and in other `` economic and industrial cooperation `` projects .
its draft proposal would give indian nationals preferential treatment over other foreigners in nepal — guaranteeing their rights to buy land , hold [skills] and engage in trade — and give india a first option in the supply of military hardware and training to the nepalese army , in the development of nepal 's water and hydroelectric resources , and in other `` economic and industrial cooperation `` projects .

Inflation was to be further lowered , investment in fixed assets limited to 410,000 million yuan , the state deficit reduced and a balance maintained in foreign exchange revenue and expenditure .
inflation was to be further lowered , investment in fixed [skills] limited to 410,000 million yuan , the state deficit reduced and a balance maintained in foreign exchange revenue and expenditure .

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor the Federal Reserve Bank of New York were prepared to assist , and on Feb. 17 the company , which declared assets in excess of $ 3,600 million and liabilities in excess of $ 3,000 million , made 5,000 employees redundant .
neither the securities and exchange commission nor the federal reserve bank of new york were prepared to assist , and on feb. 17 the company , which declared [skills] in excess of $ 3,600 million and liabilities in excess of $ 3,000 million , made 5,000 employees redundant .

In July 1989 an Interior Ministry official said that his directorate had exposed 400,000 economic crimes since January 1988 and had confiscated assets worth 100,000,000 roubles .
in july 1989 an interior ministry official said that his directorate had exposed 400,000 economic crimes since january 1988 and had confiscated [skills] worth 100,000,000 roubles .

The government arrested two senior Shia clerics and issued a decree dismissing the board of directors of the Shia Social Culture Society , seized the board 's records and froze its assets .
the government arrested two senior shia clerics and issued a decree dismissing the board of directors of the shia social culture society , seized the board 's records and froze its [skills] .

Not until Aug. 7 did Turkey unequivocally place itself in the anti-Iraqi camp , with its decision ( coinciding with a similar decision by Saudi Arabia — see above ) to block the pipelines , to ban Iraqi and Kuwaiti trade ( except supplies of medicines and food ) and to freeze assets .
not until aug. 7 did turkey unequivocally place itself in the anti-iraqi camp , with its decision ( coinciding with a similar decision by saudi arabia — see above ) to block the pipelines , to ban iraqi and kuwaiti trade ( except supplies of medicines and food ) and to freeze [skills] .

The invasion meets with widespread international condemnation and many countries immediately freeze Kuwaiti assets .
the invasion meets with widespread international condemnation and many countries immediately freeze kuwaiti [skills] .

In order to meet this target the government proposed expenditure cuts of around DKr8,000 million , to be found primarily by improved productivity in the public sector , reductions in subsidies to businesses and the housing sector , the shedding of 3,000 civil-service jobs by 1993 , and the sale of state assets .
in order to meet this target the government proposed expenditure cuts of around dkr8,000 million , to be found primarily by improved productivity in the public sector , reductions in subsidies to businesses and the housing sector , the shedding of 3,000 civil-service jobs by 1993 , and the sale of state [skills] .

Danske Bank became the largest bank in the Nordic region , with Unibank slightly smaller in terms of overall capital assets .
danske bank became the largest bank in the nordic region , with unibank slightly smaller in terms of overall capital [skills] .

Also called on member states to detain Iraqi-registered ships entering their ports in violation of sanctions , reminded states of their obligation to freeze Iraqi assets , stated that measures would be considered against a member state whose nationals were found breaking sanctions , and also condemned Iraq 's `` grave breaches `` of the fourth Geneva convention on the rules of war , a reference to its holding of foreign nationals as a `` human shield `` at key installations .
also called on member states to detain iraqi-registered ships entering their ports in violation of sanctions , reminded states of their obligation to freeze iraqi [skills] , stated that measures would be considered against a member state whose nationals were found breaking sanctions , and also condemned iraq 's `` grave breaches `` of the fourth geneva convention on the rules of war , a reference to its holding of foreign nationals as a `` human shield `` at key installations .

On Sept. 18 Iraq 's Revolution Command Council decreed the seizure of assets of all countries issuing `` arbitrary decisions against Iraq `` .
on sept. 18 iraq 's revolution command council decreed the seizure of [skills] of all countries issuing `` arbitrary decisions against iraq `` .

Passing of law impounding international assets
passing of law impounding international [skills]

Under the terms of Law 57 of 1990 , announced on Sept. 18 and back-dated to Aug. 8 , the Revolution Command Council decided to seize all foreign assets and order local courts to ignore international legal rulings against Iraq .
under the terms of law 57 of 1990 , announced on sept. 18 and back-dated to aug. 8 , the revolution command council decided to seize all foreign [skills] and order local courts to ignore international legal rulings against iraq .

Revelations of large-scale fraud and embezzlement at Jordan 's second largest commercial bank , Petra Bank , resulted in the seizure of its assets in August 1989 .
revelations of large-scale fraud and embezzlement at jordan 's second largest commercial bank , petra bank , resulted in the seizure of its [skills] in august 1989 .

The assets of a further 37 companies with outstanding debts to the bank were also seized in October , a move which was followed on Oct. 29 , 1989 , by the arrest of 22 former employees and business associates of Petra Bank , including the bank 's chairman , Ahmad Chalabi .
the [skills] of a further 37 companies with outstanding debts to the bank were also seized in october , a move which was followed on oct. 29 , 1989 , by the arrest of 22 former employees and business associates of petra bank , including the bank 's chairman , ahmad chalabi .

These very assets of course , if improperly handled , become liabilities .
these very [skills] of course , if improperly handled , become liabilities .

Issues of eurobonds are limited to highly rated and usually well known borrowers so investors do not require additional security in the form of specific claims on assets provided by domestically issued debentures .
issues of eurobonds are limited to highly rated and usually well known borrowers so investors do not require additional security in the form of specific claims on [skills] provided by domestically issued debentures .

And as both issues and potential issuers of traditional domestic bonds have declined , so British institutional investors have had to overcome some initial reluctance and look to eurosterling issues as a source of non-gilt fixed-interest assets .
and as both issues and potential issuers of traditional domestic bonds have declined , so british institutional investors have had to overcome some initial reluctance and look to eurosterling issues as a source of non-gilt fixed-interest [skills] .

They have been able to take advantage of their good standing internationally to raise funds on fine terms which could then be converted into floating-rate liabilities suitable for financing the acquisition of floating-rate sterling assets .
they have been able to take advantage of their good standing internationally to raise funds on fine terms which could then be converted into floating-rate liabilities suitable for financing the acquisition of floating-rate sterling [skills] .

The birthplace of this new industry was Chicago , and Chicago is still the global centre of the financial futures and options industry , though by the 1990s virtually all respectable financial centres have local access to at least one derivative assets exchange .
the birthplace of this new industry was chicago , and chicago is still the global centre of the financial futures and options industry , though by the 1990s virtually all respectable financial centres have local access to at least one derivative [skills] exchange .

4.1 The hedging demand for derivative assets
4.1 the hedging demand for derivative [skills]

Futures and options are known as derivative assets because they are based on other `` underlying `` assets which have volatile prices .
futures and options are known as derivative [skills] because they are based on other `` underlying `` [skills] which have volatile prices .

Individuals and corporations hold portfolios of assets , the precise composition of which depends both on the characteristics of those assets and on the asset holder 's attitude to risky outcomes .
individuals and corporations hold portfolios of [skills] , the precise composition of which depends both on the characteristics of those [skills] and on the asset holder 's attitude to risky outcomes .

In particular , if all assets were equally risky , then everyone would choose the one with the greatest expected payoff to holding it .
in particular , if all [skills] were equally risky , then everyone would choose the one with the greatest expected payoff to holding it .

Equally , we expect that if all assets have the same expected ( average ) payoff , then most people would choose the one with the lowest variability , that is , the smallest risk .
equally , we expect that if all [skills] have the same expected ( average ) payoff , then most people would choose the one with the lowest variability , that is , the smallest risk .

But , largely for that very reason , assets do vary in both their expected returns and their riskiness .
but , largely for that very reason , [skills] do vary in both their expected returns and their riskiness .

These financial characteristics of return and risk are , in fact , positively correlated across assets .
these financial characteristics of return and risk are , in fact , positively correlated across [skills] .

It is of course difficult to appraise peoples ' motives for buying or selling derivative assets , so mere observation is insufficient .
it is of course difficult to appraise peoples ' motives for buying or selling derivative [skills] , so mere observation is insufficient .

Despite these caveats , the essential point is that the buying and selling of derivative assets is a process by which risk bearing is transferred between individuals .
despite these caveats , the essential point is that the buying and selling of derivative [skills] is a process by which risk bearing is transferred between individuals .

Combinations of options allow investors to create a huge variety of contingent contracts : paper assets whose returns depend on the change in price of the underlying asset in very particular ways .
combinations of options allow investors to create a huge variety of contingent contracts : paper [skills] whose returns depend on the change in price of the underlying asset in very particular ways .

There are cases where , from an economic point of view , the marriage valuables represent the purchase of a husband by the bride rather than vice versa , and the general European pattern , which is met with in many other parts of the world , is for the principal payment to be the bride 's `` dowry `` , a set of assets which she brings with her into the marriage as a part of her inheritance from her own kin .
there are cases where , from an economic point of view , the marriage valuables represent the purchase of a husband by the bride rather than vice versa , and the general european pattern , which is met with in many other parts of the world , is for the principal payment to be the bride 's `` dowry `` , a set of [skills] which she brings with her into the marriage as a part of her inheritance from her own kin .

One of the important variables in such patterns is the degree to which the dowry assets remain exclusively the property of the bride herself and of her future heirs or become a part of the pool of household property which can be used by the husband .
one of the important variables in such patterns is the degree to which the dowry [skills] remain exclusively the property of the bride herself and of her future heirs or become a part of the pool of household property which can be used by the husband .

Will it be assets or shares in an established company or a hive-down company ?
will it be [skills] or shares in an established company or a hive-down company ?

Can the buyer also choose to take over some assets or some operations but not others ?
can the buyer also choose to take over some [skills] or some operations but not others ?

Managing , or offering or agreeing to manage , assets , belonging to another person if
managing , or offering or agreeing to manage , [skills] , belonging to another person if

those assets consist of or include investments ; or
those [skills] consist of or include investments ; or

the arrangements for their management are such that those assets may consist of or include investments …
the arrangements for their management are such that those [skills] may consist of or include investments …

It should be noted that advertisements for the sale of a business ( rather than the shares in a business ) would typically fall outside the investment advertisement provisions since the individual assets would typically not be ‘ investments ’ in their own right .
it should be noted that advertisements for the sale of a business ( rather than the shares in a business ) would typically fall outside the investment advertisement provisions since the individual [skills] would typically not be ‘ investments ’ in their own right .

a body corporate which has more than 20 members ( or is the subsidiary of a holding company which has more than 20 members ) and it , or any of its holding companies or subsidiaries has called up share capital or net assets of not less than 500,000
a body corporate which has more than 20 members ( or is the subsidiary of a holding company which has more than 20 members ) and it , or any of its holding companies or subsidiaries has called up share capital or net [skills] of not less than 500,000

a body corporate with fewer than 20 members and it , or any of its holding companies or subsidiaries , has share capital or net assets of not less than 5 million ;
a body corporate with fewer than 20 members and it , or any of its holding companies or subsidiaries , has share capital or net [skills] of not less than 5 million ;

an unincorporated association with net assets of not less than 5 million ; and
an unincorporated association with net [skills] of not less than 5 million ; and

Net Assets
net [skills]

Net Assets
net [skills]

net assets
net [skills]

nature and size of the business ( in terms of sales , net assets and employees )
nature and size of the business ( in terms of sales , net [skills] and employees )

net assets and capital structure
net [skills] and capital structure

target structure ( statutory company , business/division , assets or brand )
target structure ( statutory company , business/division , [skills] or brand )

Accounting policies which if altered for consistency with the purchaser 's policies would have a material effect on the earnings or net assets of the target .
accounting policies which if altered for consistency with the purchaser 's policies would have a material effect on the earnings or net [skills] of the target .

Details of the shares or assets being acquired .
details of the shares or [skills] being acquired .

Adjustments to initial consideration and deferred consideration depending on net assets and profits ( see below ) .
adjustments to initial consideration and deferred consideration depending on net [skills] and profits ( see below ) .

Basis and responsibility for and timing of calculation of net assets and profits .
basis and responsibility for and timing of calculation of net [skills] and profits .

Target business to be run in ordinary course up to completion with no material changes in trading performance or net assets .
target business to be run in ordinary course up to completion with no material changes in trading performance or net [skills] .

The treatment of profits arising on the sale of fixed assets and other ‘ wind fall ’ profits .
the treatment of profits arising on the sale of fixed [skills] and other ‘ wind fall ’ profits .

The treatment of accounting costs involved in calculating profit or net assets in accordance with the definition .
the treatment of accounting costs involved in calculating profit or net [skills] in accordance with the definition .

Similar considerations apply to the definition of net assets , which again have been presented without a buying or selling perspective .
similar considerations apply to the definition of net [skills] , which again have been presented without a buying or selling perspective .

The possibility of revaluing certain assets .
the possibility of revaluing certain [skills] .

The reliability of current valuations of property assets .
the reliability of current valuations of property [skills] .

Example definitions for stock and fixed assets are given at 1104.3 .
example definitions for stock and fixed [skills] are given at 1104.3 .

The acquirer will want to examine carefully what costs and fees are proposed to be paid by the target since , if there is no adjustment to net assets at completion , moneys paid by the target will effectively have been paid by the acquirer .
the acquirer will want to examine carefully what costs and fees are proposed to be paid by the target since , if there is no adjustment to net [skills] at completion , moneys paid by the target will effectively have been paid by the acquirer .

Because of the complexity of conveying all the assets , agreements for the sale of businesses are perhaps even more varied than share sale agreements .
because of the complexity of conveying all the [skills] , agreements for the sale of businesses are perhaps even more varied than share sale agreements .

0703.1 Assets sold
0703.1 [skills] sold

Conditions attaching to the sale , similar to those in sale of shares agreement , but also consents required for the transfer of properties , other major assets and major contracts .
conditions attaching to the sale , similar to those in sale of shares agreement , but also consents required for the transfer of properties , other major [skills] and major contracts .

Provision for completion formalities transferring all the assets .
provision for completion formalities transferring all the [skills] .

The contract will somewhat quaintly oblige the seller to unfasten as many assets as possible to make them movable .
the contract will somewhat quaintly oblige the seller to unfasten as many [skills] as possible to make them movable .

In view of the consents that are likely to be necessary for the transfer of assets , there will almost certainly have to be such a period .
in view of the consents that are likely to be necessary for the transfer of [skills] , there will almost certainly have to be such a period .

In addition , it is normal to put a maximum period during which claims can be made — usually six or seven years for taxation , since that is the normal limitation period , and two to three years for other warranties ; but this obviously needs to be looked at in each case in the light of particular facts , warranties , assets and liabilities .
in addition , it is normal to put a maximum period during which claims can be made — usually six or seven years for taxation , since that is the normal limitation period , and two to three years for other warranties ; but this obviously needs to be looked at in each case in the light of particular facts , warranties , [skills] and liabilities .

Latest accounts — including liabilities , valuation of stock and work in progress , provision for taxation and deferred taxation and liability to capital gains tax if assets are disposed of at their balance sheet values .
latest accounts — including liabilities , valuation of stock and work in progress , provision for taxation and deferred taxation and liability to capital gains tax if [skills] are disposed of at their balance sheet values .

Sufficiency of assets to continue the business of the target .
sufficiency of [skills] to continue the business of the target .

This is particularly important if the target was part of a group because some assets may not be owned by the company which uses them .
this is particularly important if the target was part of a group because some [skills] may not be owned by the company which uses them .

Not being bound by warranties and indemnities from sales of businesses , assets ( assignment of leases ) or companies .
not being bound by warranties and indemnities from sales of businesses , [skills] ( assignment of leases ) or companies .

Assets other than those in the last audited balance sheet .
[skills] other than those in the last audited balance sheet .

Base values of assets .
base values of [skills] .

valuation of assets in connection with an offer under the City Code
valuation of [skills] in connection with an offer under the city code

Assets ( See 0802.33 )
[skills] ( see 0802.33 )

0802.33 Assets basis method
0802.33 [skills] basis method

The assets basis may be appropriate if the value computed by reference to earnings or dividend yields is appreciably different to the underlying net asset value , for example , property companies and investment trusts .
the [skills] basis may be appropriate if the value computed by reference to earnings or dividend yields is appreciably different to the underlying net asset value , for example , property companies and investment trusts .

Where there is a likelihood that the purchaser could achieve the best return by putting the company into liquidation , and would in practice be able to carry this out , then the assets basis valuation using break-up values should be applied .
where there is a likelihood that the purchaser could achieve the best return by putting the company into liquidation , and would in practice be able to carry this out , then the [skills] basis valuation using break-up values should be applied .

It will normally be necessary to seek expert advice on the realisable values of all the major assets .
it will normally be necessary to seek expert advice on the realisable values of all the major [skills] .

Care should be taken to assess the effect of forced sales on fixed assets and stocks , the level of recoverability of receivables and the discount to be applied .
care should be taken to assess the effect of forced sales on fixed [skills] and stocks , the level of recoverability of receivables and the discount to be applied .

Full allowance must be made also for the costs of the liquidation ( to be distinguished from the costs of realising the assets ) .
full allowance must be made also for the costs of the liquidation ( to be distinguished from the costs of realising the [skills] ) .

Under section 104 of the Companies Act 1985 a public company may not , in a defined initial period , enter into an agreement with a subscriber to the company 's memorandum for the transfer of one or more non-cash assets to the company , unless ( among other conditions ) the consideration to be received by the company , and any consideration other than cash to be given by the company , have been independently valued .
under section 104 of the companies act 1985 a public company may not , in a defined initial period , enter into an agreement with a subscriber to the company 's memorandum for the transfer of one or more non-cash [skills] to the company , unless ( among other conditions ) the consideration to be received by the company , and any consideration other than cash to be given by the company , have been independently valued .

The firm should not normally become involved in carrying out valuations of such assets as land and buildings or plant and machinery unless this is within the scope of the firm 's expertise .
the firm should not normally become involved in carrying out valuations of such [skills] as land and buildings or plant and machinery unless this is within the scope of the firm 's expertise .

Impact of abnormal transactions on historical results and present net assets
impact of abnormal transactions on historical results and present net [skills]

appropriate value of the underlying assets
appropriate value of the underlying [skills]

Small minority holdings would normally be valued by reference to dividends , and earnings and assets are generally of less importance in these cases .
small minority holdings would normally be valued by reference to dividends , and earnings and [skills] are generally of less importance in these cases .

Value on the basis of the annual fees or commissions received , plus a separate value for the client list , working capital and fixed assets .
value on the basis of the annual fees or commissions received , plus a separate value for the client list , working capital and fixed [skills] .

Surplus assets
surplus [skills]

minimum net assets etc .
minimum net [skills] etc .

Definition of net assets ( minimum )
definition of net [skills] ( minimum )

At the same time as carrying out this exercise we will prepare an Information memorandum which will form the principal marketing document and which will be used to provide interested parties with the company 's history and details on its activities , assets , and its past current financial performance .
at the same time as carrying out this exercise we will prepare an information memorandum which will form the principal marketing document and which will be used to provide interested parties with the company 's history and details on its activities , [skills] , and its past current financial performance .

First , we will need to consider the relative merits of selling the assets of the business as opposed to the shares .
first , we will need to consider the relative merits of selling the [skills] of the business as opposed to the shares .

Our valuation did not attribute any further value to the land assets of the company .
our valuation did not attribute any further value to the land [skills] of the company .

whether to acquire assets or shares and , hence , whether to treat the acquisition as a foreign branch/division or a subsidiary/associated company ;
whether to acquire [skills] or shares and , hence , whether to treat the acquisition as a foreign branch/division or a subsidiary/associated company ;

Offers in region of £900,000 invited for the business and net assets .
offers in region of £900,000 invited for the business and net [skills] .

The price at which you are interested in acquiring 100% of the share capital of [ name ] together with the five additional property assets .
the price at which you are interested in acquiring 100% of the share capital of [ name ] together with the five additional property [skills] .

The completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the Vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :
the completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net [skills] of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :

The completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net assets of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the Vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :
the completion accounts shall consist of [ a statement of net [skills] of the business drawn up at the transfer date and a profit and loss account for the xx months then ended and such additional notes as the vendor 's accountants shall deem reasonable ] and shall be prepared , in order of descending priority , with due regard to the concept of materiality in accordance with :

The accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ Transfer date ] .
the accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and [skills] and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ transfer date ] .

The surplus of cost over fair value attributed to the net assets ( excluding goodwill ) of subsidiary or associated undertakings acquired during the year shall be written off directly to reserves .
the surplus of cost over fair value attributed to the net [skills] ( excluding goodwill ) of subsidiary or associated undertakings acquired during the year shall be written off directly to reserves .

The accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and assets and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ Transfer date ] .
the accounts will be prepared on a consolidated basis so as to incorporate the results and [skills] and liabilities of the company and each of its subsidiary undertakings , all of which are to be made up to [ transfer date ] .

The surplus of cost over fair value attributed to the net assets ( excluding goodwill ) of subsidiary or associated undertakings acquired during the year shall be written off directly to reserves .
the surplus of cost over fair value attributed to the net [skills] ( excluding goodwill ) of subsidiary or associated undertakings acquired during the year shall be written off directly to reserves .

( d ) Fixed Assets
( d ) fixed [skills]

Tangible fixed assets :
tangible fixed [skills] :

Intangible fixed assets :
intangible fixed [skills] :

( d ) Fixed Assets
( d ) fixed [skills]

All fixed assets shall be valued on the same basis as used in the last audited accounts and there shall be no upward revaluation of them or any of them above the value ( s ) used in the last audited accounts .
all fixed [skills] shall be valued on the same basis as used in the last audited accounts and there shall be no upward revaluation of them or any of them above the value ( s ) used in the last audited accounts .

No value shall be attributable to any intangible asset including but not limited to , goodwill , intellectual property rights , research and development expenditure , third party rights , customer contracts , computer software and hardware , assets located in the business which is to be closed , any assets with an original cost of less than £500 , books and records but full provision shall be made for all liabilities in respect thereof .
no value shall be attributable to any intangible asset including but not limited to , goodwill , intellectual property rights , research and development expenditure , third party rights , customer contracts , computer software and hardware , [skills] located in the business which is to be closed , any [skills] with an original cost of less than £500 , books and records but full provision shall be made for all liabilities in respect thereof .

No values will be given to intangible assets both because of the difficulty of agreeing the value and because , in many instances , they will be of no value to the purchaser ( eg the goodwill of the name of the target if the purchaser intends to change the name )
no values will be given to intangible [skills] both because of the difficulty of agreeing the value and because , in many instances , they will be of no value to the purchaser ( eg the goodwill of the name of the target if the purchaser intends to change the name )

( e ) Hire Purchase and Leased Assets
( e ) hire purchase and leased [skills]

Assets held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .
[skills] held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .

( e ) Hire Purchase and Leased Assets
( e ) hire purchase and leased [skills]

Assets held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .
[skills] held under hire purchase and finance lease arrangements that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the group are to be capitalised at a value equal to the original cost incurred by the lessor less accumulated depreciation and the related rental obligations are to be included in creditors .

Prepayments and other assets will only be carried in the balance sheet to the extent that their recoverability in the business can reasonably and prudently foreseen .
prepayments and other [skills] will only be carried in the balance sheet to the extent that their recoverability in the business can reasonably and prudently foreseen .

Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into sterling at the rate of exchange ruling at the completion balance sheet date .
[skills] and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into sterling at the rate of exchange ruling at the completion balance sheet date .

On consolidation , the assets and liabilities of overseas subsidiary and associated undertakings are translated at the completion rate of exchange .
on consolidation , the [skills] and liabilities of overseas subsidiary and associated undertakings are translated at the completion rate of exchange .

Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into sterling at the rate of exchange ruling at the completion balance sheet date .
[skills] and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into sterling at the rate of exchange ruling at the completion balance sheet date .

On consolidation , the assets and liabilities of overseas subsidiary and associated undertakings are translated at the completion rate of exchange .
on consolidation , the [skills] and liabilities of overseas subsidiary and associated undertakings are translated at the completion rate of exchange .

Any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements contained herein .
any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or [skills] referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business [skills] including all the information and statements contained herein .

adding [ ] ; and the net assets of £ [ x ] as disclosed by the Company 's consolidated balance sheet for the year ended [ date ] .
adding [ ] ; and the net [skills] of £ [ x ] as disclosed by the company 's consolidated balance sheet for the year ended [ date ] .

Net assets at completion
net [skills] at completion

Consolidated net assets at completion will not be less than net assets of [ £x ] shown in consolidated audited balance sheet at [ date ] , without the prior agreement of [ ] Plc .
consolidated net [skills] at completion will not be less than net [skills] of [ £x ] shown in consolidated audited balance sheet at [ date ] , without the prior agreement of [ ] plc .

1104.3 Example net asset definition statement — stock and fixed assets
1104.3 example net asset definition statement — stock and fixed [skills]

Plant , machinery and other tangible fixed assets , whether owned or acquired under finance leases , are to be valued at net book value as included in the audited balance sheet as at 31 December 1989 .
plant , machinery and other tangible fixed [skills] , whether owned or acquired under finance leases , are to be valued at net book value as included in the audited balance sheet as at 31 december 1989 .

Depreciation should be ( a ) calculated on the same basis as in the audited accounts for the year to 31 December , 1989 , and ( b ) charged on all assets on a monthly basis , with no upward revaluation of assets in the year and with due regard being paid to the carrying value of any assets and the length of the asset 's expected useful economic life to the Business , having due regard to the incidence of obsolescence and future requirements of the Business .
depreciation should be ( a ) calculated on the same basis as in the audited accounts for the year to 31 december , 1989 , and ( b ) charged on all [skills] on a monthly basis , with no upward revaluation of [skills] in the year and with due regard being paid to the carrying value of any [skills] and the length of the asset 's expected useful economic life to the business , having due regard to the incidence of obsolescence and future requirements of the business .

Where , for the purposes of the Completion Balance sheet , a conflict arises between the valuation of items of fixed assets under a ) or b ) above , the lower valuation shall prevail .
where , for the purposes of the completion balance sheet , a conflict arises between the valuation of items of fixed [skills] under a ) or b ) above , the lower valuation shall prevail .

Depreciation is to be calculated on the straight line basis to write off the net book value of fixed assets over their expected useful lives at the following annual rates , starting from the month that the asset was purchased .
depreciation is to be calculated on the straight line basis to write off the net book value of fixed [skills] over their expected useful lives at the following annual rates , starting from the month that the asset was purchased .

Where the Auditors and Purchaser 's Accountants disagree as to the valuation of an item and , where the disputed element of the valuation is less than £1,000 for an individual item , or the aggregate value of all disputed elements of valuation within fixed assets are less than £3,000 both parties shall agree to accept the Auditors ' valuation .
where the auditors and purchaser 's accountants disagree as to the valuation of an item and , where the disputed element of the valuation is less than £1,000 for an individual item , or the aggregate value of all disputed elements of valuation within fixed [skills] are less than £3,000 both parties shall agree to accept the auditors ' valuation .

Any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or assets referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business assets including all the information and statements contained herein .
any person including any proposed acquiror of securities of the company referred to in this document or any business or [skills] referred to herein must satisfy himself as to all matters relating to that company or such business [skills] including all the information and statements contained herein .

Amounts paid for assets ;
amounts paid for [skills] ;

What does an adverse change in financial position mean : adecrease in net assets , a decrease in specified ratios ( eg liquidity ) , a reduction in available overdraft facilities ?
what does an adverse change in financial position mean : adecrease in net [skills] , a decrease in specified ratios ( eg liquidity ) , a reduction in available overdraft facilities ?

The indemnity basis is a completely artificial measure of damages which has no relevance to the effect of the breach on the value of the Assets .
the indemnity basis is a completely artificial measure of damages which has no relevance to the effect of the breach on the value of the [skills] .

The purchaser is buying a collection of assets to which it is ascribing individual prices .
the purchaser is buying a collection of [skills] to which it is ascribing individual prices .

in the assessment of damages for the breach of any of the Warranties full credit shall be given for the amount by which as at Completion the value of any current assets of the Business was greater or any current liability of the Business was less than the figure at which it was stated or provided for in the Accounts ;
in the assessment of damages for the breach of any of the warranties full credit shall be given for the amount by which as at completion the value of any current [skills] of the business was greater or any current liability of the business was less than the figure at which it was stated or provided for in the accounts ;

On similar assets only ( ‘ like for like ’ ) .
on similar [skills] only ( ‘ like for like ’ ) .

The Purchaser will not be happy if the Business consists of all the wrong kinds of assets ( peas instead of beans ) even if they are worth the same as the price paid .
the purchaser will not be happy if the business consists of all the wrong kinds of [skills] ( peas instead of beans ) even if they are worth the same as the price paid .

set out accurately and contain proper provisions or appropriate notes in respect of all assets and liabilities ( whether actual or contingent , quantified or disputed ) of the Business as at the Balance Sheet Date .
set out accurately and contain proper provisions or appropriate notes in respect of all [skills] and liabilities ( whether actual or contingent , quantified or disputed ) of the business as at the balance sheet date .

All accounts , books , ledger , financial and other records of whatsoever kind of the Vendor relating to the Business are in the possession of the Vendor and give and reflect a true and fair view of all transactions entered into and of the financial and contractual position of the Business and of its assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and standards and statutory requirements .
all accounts , books , ledger , financial and other records of whatsoever kind of the vendor relating to the business are in the possession of the vendor and give and reflect a true and fair view of all transactions entered into and of the financial and contractual position of the business and of its [skills] and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and standards and statutory requirements .

Furthermore , it is not necessarily the case that all assets will be shown in the accounts — eg goodwill , trade names .
furthermore , it is not necessarily the case that all [skills] will be shown in the accounts — eg goodwill , trade names .

The net tangible assets of the Business are at the date of this Agreement and will pending Completion be no less than at the Balance Sheet Date and the profits of the Business from the Balance Sheet Date to the date of this Agreement and pending Completion are and will be proportionately no less than the profits for the previous financial year .
the net tangible [skills] of the business are at the date of this agreement and will pending completion be no less than at the balance sheet date and the profits of the business from the balance sheet date to the date of this agreement and pending completion are and will be proportionately no less than the profits for the previous financial year .

If there is to be a completion audit and the consideration is to be assessedor adjusted based upon this audit — which is often the case with an asset sale — what is the point of this warranty ? The value of the net assets will be assessed during the audit and presumably the Purchaser will pay less if the net assets fall below the parties expectations .
if there is to be a completion audit and the consideration is to be assessedor adjusted based upon this audit — which is often the case with an asset sale — what is the point of this warranty ? the value of the net [skills] will be assessed during the audit and presumably the purchaser will pay less if the net [skills] fall below the parties expectations .

These groups were selected on the basis of their annual sales and total assets .
these groups were selected on the basis of their annual sales and total [skills] .

When someone died , the administrator collected all assets of the deceased and paid his outstanding debts .
when someone died , the administrator collected all [skills] of the deceased and paid his outstanding debts .

The interest rates and prices of financial assets are generally recognised to have a pervasive influence in the economy .
the interest rates and prices of financial [skills] are generally recognised to have a pervasive influence in the economy .

The two are linked through the cost of capital and the return on financial assets .
the two are linked through the cost of capital and the return on financial [skills] .

Further disaggregation of the assets and three possible avenues of research suggest themselves .
further disaggregation of the [skills] and three possible avenues of research suggest themselves .

Their behaviour conforms to fairly well-known principles and it should therefore be possible to estimate a perpetual inventory model which will show , for example , increased saving if the real value of their assets falls as deficiencies are made up .
their behaviour conforms to fairly well-known principles and it should therefore be possible to estimate a perpetual inventory model which will show , for example , increased saving if the real value of their [skills] falls as deficiencies are made up .

Uncertainties about future income , and its real value once inflation is taken into account , are likely to affect how hard people work , how much they save , and whether their savings are held in the form of money or as less liquid assets .
uncertainties about future income , and its real value once inflation is taken into account , are likely to affect how hard people work , how much they save , and whether their savings are held in the form of money or as less liquid [skills] .

an inter-related set of private sector demands for stocks of money , government bonds ( and net foreign assets ) , and durable goods and for a flow of nondurable consumption goods ; these demands depend on wealth and real returns .
an inter-related set of private sector demands for stocks of money , government bonds ( and net foreign [skills] ) , and durable goods and for a flow of nondurable consumption goods ; these demands depend on wealth and real returns .

a government supply function of ( narrow ) money which together with the government and foreign sector budget constraints determines also the supply of bonds plus foreign assets .
a government supply function of ( narrow ) money which together with the government and foreign sector budget constraints determines also the supply of bonds plus foreign [skills] .

efficient financial markets in the operational sense that expected returns are equated across domestic and international financial assets .
efficient financial markets in the operational sense that expected returns are equated across domestic and international financial [skills] .

Currently there is concern that accelerated rates of scrappings of industrial assets , which may have occurred in the economic and financial conditions of recent years , could have distorted the valuation of Britain 's capital stock .
currently there is concern that accelerated rates of scrappings of industrial [skills] , which may have occurred in the economic and financial conditions of recent years , could have distorted the valuation of britain 's capital stock .

Forward looking buffer stock models of the demand for financial assets
forward looking buffer stock models of the demand for financial [skills]

The research aims to provide econometric evidence on the importance of expectations and unanticipated or ‘ surprise ’ events on the holding of financial assets .
the research aims to provide econometric evidence on the importance of expectations and unanticipated or ‘ surprise ’ events on the holding of financial [skills] .

In particular , it is recognised that agents may use some assets as a buffer-stock against unforeseen changes in net receipts .
in particular , it is recognised that agents may use some [skills] as a buffer-stock against unforeseen changes in net receipts .

At a later stage in the project , the investigators shall consider the impact of changes in financial assets on ‘ real ’ variables such as consumers ' expenditure .
at a later stage in the project , the investigators shall consider the impact of changes in financial [skills] on ‘ real ’ variables such as consumers ' expenditure .

The French and British governments are following exactly the opposite policies on production in the public sector ; the French have nationalised an additional 12 % of industrial output while the British have begun to sell public assets to the private sector and to plan a vigorous programme of privatisation over the next few years .
the french and british governments are following exactly the opposite policies on production in the public sector ; the french have nationalised an additional 12 % of industrial output while the british have begun to sell public [skills] to the private sector and to plan a vigorous programme of privatisation over the next few years .

One way in which , for example , financial institutions have reacted is to innovate new assets which can evade control by monetary authorities .
one way in which , for example , financial institutions have reacted is to innovate new [skills] which can evade control by monetary authorities .

Public capital includes many of the physical assets on which everyday life depends , such as roads , reservoirs , schools and hospitals .
public capital includes many of the physical [skills] on which everyday life depends , such as roads , reservoirs , schools and hospitals .

However , the management and financing of capital assets in the public sector has given rise to many problem areas , such as those associated with capital controls and deferred purchase arrangements in local authorities , poor asset utilisation , deteriorating physical condition and problems of financing asset replacement , and questions of how capital should be incorporated into devolved budgetary arrangements , such as the Financial Management Initiative in central government .
however , the management and financing of capital [skills] in the public sector has given rise to many problem areas , such as those associated with capital controls and deferred purchase arrangements in local authorities , poor asset utilisation , deteriorating physical condition and problems of financing asset replacement , and questions of how capital should be incorporated into devolved budgetary arrangements , such as the financial management initiative in central government .

The debate about expectations formation has diverted attention from more fundamental issues in economics , such as the degree of market clearing , the degree of substitutability between assets , etc .
the debate about expectations formation has diverted attention from more fundamental issues in economics , such as the degree of market clearing , the degree of substitutability between [skills] , etc .

Can the ( relatively small ) deviations from uncovered interest parity — the implication of Rational Expectations in a world where international assets are perfect substitutes — be explained primarily by variations in risk premia ?
can the ( relatively small ) deviations from uncovered interest parity — the implication of rational expectations in a world where international [skills] are perfect substitutes — be explained primarily by variations in risk premia ?

In the 1960s school leavers started their working lives at a time of full employment and by 1980 many , if not most would have accumulated the assets that a steady income from employment allows .
in the 1960s school leavers started their working lives at a time of full employment and by 1980 many , if not most would have accumulated the [skills] that a steady income from employment allows .

The expansion of home ownership in Britain means that many more people now have substantial assets to dispose of after their death , or perhaps during their lifetime .
the expansion of home ownership in britain means that many more people now have substantial [skills] to dispose of after their death , or perhaps during their lifetime .

There is increasing pressure on people to plan for their own old age , possibly using their assets to purchase suitable accommodation and personal care .
there is increasing pressure on people to plan for their own old age , possibly using their [skills] to purchase suitable accommodation and personal care .

At the same time , rising rates of divorce and remarriage have made the division of assets within families more complex .
at the same time , rising rates of divorce and remarriage have made the division of [skills] within families more complex .

the setting of prices and returns on assets held by the private sector especially when the debtor has market power .
the setting of prices and returns on [skills] held by the private sector especially when the debtor has market power .

The factors which are likely to explain the timing of exit from the labour market include health , marital status , husband 's employment , household income and assets , the health of other household members and the need to care for adult relatives .
the factors which are likely to explain the timing of exit from the labour market include health , marital status , husband 's employment , household income and [skills] , the health of other household members and the need to care for adult relatives .

the equitable distribution of economic and political assets ,
the equitable distribution of economic and political [skills] ,

Some groups can claim considerable success in neighbourhood improvement ( at modest financial cost ) by making use of locally wasted assets — land , buildings and people with skill and energy .
some groups can claim considerable success in neighbourhood improvement ( at modest financial cost ) by making use of locally wasted [skills] — land , buildings and people with skill and energy .

The only other assets left — such as British Rail and British Coal — will be sold to commercial buyers .
the only other [skills] left — such as british rail and british coal — will be sold to commercial buyers .

The licence was issued by the Department of Economic Development on March 31 , 1992 , to a newly vested company , Northern Ireland Electricity plc , which inherited some of the assets and liabilities of the old nationalised industry .
the licence was issued by the department of economic development on march 31 , 1992 , to a newly vested company , northern ireland electricity plc , which inherited some of the [skills] and liabilities of the old nationalised industry .

This will be followed by an analysis of capital assets : value of personal residence ( is it mortgaged ? ) holiday home , details of bank and building society deposits , National Savings shares , unit trusts , bonds etc .
this will be followed by an analysis of capital [skills] : value of personal residence ( is it mortgaged ? ) holiday home , details of bank and building society deposits , national savings shares , unit trusts , bonds etc .

While one of the original purposes of trusts is believed to have been to avoid forfeiture for treason or escheat on a conviction of felony , the modern trust has been evolved as a useful instrument for protecting the weak and guarding the assets of those susceptible to stupid actions on account of age or facility .
while one of the original purposes of trusts is believed to have been to avoid forfeiture for treason or escheat on a conviction of felony , the modern trust has been evolved as a useful instrument for protecting the weak and guarding the [skills] of those susceptible to stupid actions on account of age or facility .

Substantial assets are held in this way , and the Government do not think it would be right for this to pass to individual beneficiaries entirely tax free .
substantial [skills] are held in this way , and the government do not think it would be right for this to pass to individual beneficiaries entirely tax free .

On the existing assets , the statisticians suggest that the allowance for depreciation should be £134m .
on the existing [skills] , the statisticians suggest that the allowance for depreciation should be £134m .

Information is one of the primary assets of any organization .
information is one of the primary [skills] of any organization .

The Electricity Supply Industry in Great Britain employs 160,000 people , has net assets in excess of £30 billion and is responsible for generation , transmission , distribution and sale of electricity , with other aspects of the business covering electrical contracting , shops , etc .
the electricity supply industry in great britain employs 160,000 people , has net [skills] in excess of £30 billion and is responsible for generation , transmission , distribution and sale of electricity , with other aspects of the business covering electrical contracting , shops , etc .

The act of investment usually involves abstaining from current consumption in order to acquire assets , which raise the productive potential of the economy , and therefore the possibilities for future consumption .
the act of investment usually involves abstaining from current consumption in order to acquire [skills] , which raise the productive potential of the economy , and therefore the possibilities for future consumption .

Usually they merely represent a transfer of ownership from one person or institution to another , rather than an addition to the stock of assets .
usually they merely represent a transfer of ownership from one person or institution to another , rather than an addition to the stock of [skills] .

Investment occurs in so wide a variety of assets and sectors that it must be disaggregated substantially if any close statistical fit is to be found .
investment occurs in so wide a variety of [skills] and sectors that it must be disaggregated substantially if any close statistical fit is to be found .

The buyers of these claims are often the financial institutions , who buy them in order to hold them as assets .
the buyers of these claims are often the financial institutions , who buy them in order to hold them as [skills] .

Insurance companies use people 's savings to acquire a range or portfolio of assets which they then manage in such a way as to make profit , whilst at the same time providing cover against contingencies .
insurance companies use people 's savings to acquire a range or portfolio of [skills] which they then manage in such a way as to make profit , whilst at the same time providing cover against contingencies .

Third , in exchange for such lending they acquire a portfolio of paper assets ( claims on borrowers ) which will pay an income to the intermediary , and which it may ‘ manage ’ by buying and selling the assets on financial markets in order to yield a profit for itself .
third , in exchange for such lending they acquire a portfolio of paper [skills] ( claims on borrowers ) which will pay an income to the intermediary , and which it may ‘ manage ’ by buying and selling the [skills] on financial markets in order to yield a profit for itself .

Markets-where money is lent and borrowed , and paper assets are bought and sold .
markets-where money is lent and borrowed , and paper [skills] are bought and sold .

However , we begin by discussing the financial assets in which they deal .
however , we begin by discussing the financial [skills] in which they deal .

Financial assets are issued by borrowers and traded by financial institutions who hold them .
financial [skills] are issued by borrowers and traded by financial institutions who hold them .

These assets are of two basic kinds — bills and bonds , and equities ( shares ) .
these [skills] are of two basic kinds — bills and bonds , and equities ( shares ) .

Bills are three month assets issued by the Treasury and some companies .
bills are three month [skills] issued by the treasury and some companies .

Equities ( or shares ) are non-redeemable assets issued by companies and investors are actually buying part-ownership ( a share ) of a company .
equities ( or shares ) are non-redeemable [skills] issued by companies and investors are actually buying part-ownership ( a share ) of a company .

If financial assets were perfect substitutes for one another , the yields on each would be identical .
if financial [skills] were perfect substitutes for one another , the yields on each would be identical .

Any variation in yields therefore represents a lack of perfect substitutability between such assets .
any variation in yields therefore represents a lack of perfect substitutability between such [skills] .

Assets are imperfect substitutes because they possess different characteristics with respect to liquidity , marketability and profitability .
[skills] are imperfect substitutes because they possess different characteristics with respect to liquidity , marketability and profitability .

The demand for particular assets depends not only on their characteristics but also on the institutional make-up of the financial system .
the demand for particular [skills] depends not only on their characteristics but also on the institutional make-up of the financial system .

The particular nature of the business of a financial institution will affect the type and proportion of assets it holds in its portfolio .
the particular nature of the business of a financial institution will affect the type and proportion of [skills] it holds in its portfolio .

Pension funds may , on the other hand , choose to hold the less liquid but usually more profitable assets in their portfolios , for example , company shares .
pension funds may , on the other hand , choose to hold the less liquid but usually more profitable [skills] in their portfolios , for example , company shares .

All institutions will need to hold some minimum level of liquid assets to meet short-term claims , and will try to choose a portfolio which will yield the maximum profit subject to that liquidity constraint .
all institutions will need to hold some minimum level of liquid [skills] to meet short-term claims , and will try to choose a portfolio which will yield the maximum profit subject to that liquidity constraint .

There are now international proposals that banks in major countries should maintain capital reserves equal to 8 % of their assets , weighted according to risk .
there are now international proposals that banks in major countries should maintain capital reserves equal to 8 % of their [skills] , weighted according to risk .

However , what is expected is that the Bank of England will require all banks under the Banking Act of 1987 to keep a ratio of ‘ primary liquid assets ’ to some definition of deposit liabilities .
however , what is expected is that the bank of england will require all banks under the banking act of 1987 to keep a ratio of ‘ primary liquid [skills] ’ to some definition of deposit liabilities .

The shorter is the maturity structure , the higher will be the ratio of liquid assets required .
the shorter is the maturity structure , the higher will be the ratio of liquid [skills] required .

Supervisors are concerned that banks should balance their assets and liabilities in each currency in such a way that their ‘ exposure ’ ( to risk of loss on the foreign exchange market ) should not exceed 10 % of their capital base .
supervisors are concerned that banks should balance their [skills] and liabilities in each currency in such a way that their ‘ exposure ’ ( to risk of loss on the foreign exchange market ) should not exceed 10 % of their capital base .

This enables them to manage their liabilities more effectively , and to match the maturity of their assets and liabilities more profitably .
this enables them to manage their liabilities more effectively , and to match the maturity of their [skills] and liabilities more profitably .

Banks find that this introduces instability ; it is therefore necessary to match maturities of assets and liabilities with great precision .
banks find that this introduces instability ; it is therefore necessary to match maturities of [skills] and liabilities with great precision .

Money is often raised by the issue of fixed interest stock secured against the assets of the company ( ‘ junk bonds ’ ) .
money is often raised by the issue of fixed interest stock secured against the [skills] of the company ( ‘ junk bonds ’ ) .

But more recently banks have been providing other forms of merger funding-'mezzanine debt ' , which does not rate as highly in terms of claims against the company 's assets , but provides additional financial resources .
but more recently banks have been providing other forms of merger funding-'mezzanine debt ' , which does not rate as highly in terms of claims against the company 's [skills] , but provides additional financial resources .

Both the assets and the liabilities of the personal sector have been rising rapidly over the past ten years .
both the [skills] and the liabilities of the personal sector have been rising rapidly over the past ten years .

Rising interest rates from mid-1988 to late 1990 caused distress for many borrowers , especially those with low incomes or little cushion by way of assets .
rising interest rates from mid-1988 to late 1990 caused distress for many borrowers , especially those with low incomes or little cushion by way of [skills] .

In 1984 , 50 % of all personal sector liquid assets were held in building society accounts , as opposed to 34 % in banks and 16 % in National Savings accounts .
in 1984 , 50 % of all personal sector liquid [skills] were held in building society accounts , as opposed to 34 % in banks and 16 % in national savings accounts .

One is the fact that the Building Societies Act of 1986 requires that at least 90 % of the society 's commercial assets be devoted to mortgage lending .
one is the fact that the building societies act of 1986 requires that at least 90 % of the society 's commercial [skills] be devoted to mortgage lending .

This effectively means that only the largest building societies , those with assets of 100m or more , can effectively compete .
this effectively means that only the largest building societies , those with [skills] of 100m or more , can effectively compete .

Still others , as in the case of unit , investment or property trusts , specialize in matching borrowers ' needs for long-term finance with lenders ' needs for paper assets denominated in small units which are readily saleable .
still others , as in the case of unit , investment or property trusts , specialize in matching borrowers ' needs for long-term finance with lenders ' needs for paper [skills] denominated in small units which are readily saleable .

As in the case of the banks , the assets of these institutions represent paper claims against money which has been lent by them to the public sector , to industry and to persons .
as in the case of the banks , the [skills] of these institutions represent paper claims against money which has been lent by them to the public sector , to industry and to persons .

Decisions as to the proportion in which they hold these assets , in other words the nature of their portfolio management , determine how the sector as a whole fulfils the function of allocating the community 's savings to those who wish to borrow .
decisions as to the proportion in which they hold these [skills] , in other words the nature of their portfolio management , determine how the sector as a whole fulfils the function of allocating the community 's savings to those who wish to borrow .

It should be noted that , unlike the institutions of the banking sector , OFIs lend primarily by the acquisition of assets , rather than directly by loans and advances .
it should be noted that , unlike the institutions of the banking sector , ofis lend primarily by the acquisition of [skills] , rather than directly by loans and advances .

This saving is used to acquire and manage a portfolio of assets which yields a sufficient return to pay pensions and insurance claims , as well as providing a working rate of return for the financial institution .
this saving is used to acquire and manage a portfolio of [skills] which yields a sufficient return to pay pensions and insurance claims , as well as providing a working rate of return for the financial institution .

Continuing growth has meant that as investors , insurance companies and pension funds represent a major influence in the assets markets .
continuing growth has meant that as investors , insurance companies and pension funds represent a major influence in the [skills] markets .

Institutional domination of assets markets is also reflected in increasing transactions sizes .
institutional domination of [skills] markets is also reflected in increasing transactions sizes .

During 1990 all pension funds total net assets grew by over 35 % , whereas those of the life assurance companies grew by only 9.1 % .
during 1990 all pension funds total net [skills] grew by over 35 % , whereas those of the life assurance companies grew by only 9.1 % .

CDs , as they are known , are paper assets issued by banks , building societies and finance houses to depositors who are willing to leave their money on deposit for a specified period of time .
cds , as they are known , are paper [skills] issued by banks , building societies and finance houses to depositors who are willing to leave their money on deposit for a specified period of time .

The market has now declined in importance , due to the inability of authorities to borrow and the unpopularity of the assets with investors uncertain about the future of local authority finance .
the market has now declined in importance , due to the inability of authorities to borrow and the unpopularity of the [skills] with investors uncertain about the future of local authority finance .

On the assets side cash deposits with the Bank of England are held to fulfil the requirement that all banking sector institutions hold 0.45 % of their eligible liabilities as non-operational deposits with the Bank of England .
on the [skills] side cash deposits with the bank of england are held to fulfil the requirement that all banking sector institutions hold 0.45 % of their eligible liabilities as non-operational deposits with the bank of england .

Looking after your Capital — many people are worth more than they think . Are all your assets working well for you ?
looking after your capital — many people are worth more than they think . are all your [skills] working well for you ?

To ensure the value of this significant assets , a maintenance programme must be implemented to safeguard the tubulars from wear and tear or loss through careless handling .
to ensure the value of this significant [skills] , a maintenance programme must be implemented to safeguard the tubulars from wear and tear or loss through careless handling .

He claims once to have ‘ dusted the fake snow off Samantha Fox 's assets ’ .
he claims once to have ‘ dusted the fake snow off samantha fox 's [skills] ’ .

His position as gérant commandité in a mixed liability company arrangement means that he will be unbudgeable from the head of Matra-Hachette 's management for the next six years , though his personal assets will be exposed if the group suffers any setbacks .
his position as gérant commandité in a mixed liability company arrangement means that he will be unbudgeable from the head of matra-hachette 's management for the next six years , though his personal [skills] will be exposed if the group suffers any setbacks .

With these valuable assets , it is natural to see an innovative company deciding to take opportunities in multimedia wherever and whenever they emerge .
with these valuable [skills] , it is natural to see an innovative company deciding to take opportunities in multimedia wherever and whenever they emerge .

Strategic alliance as a means of entry into these new markets is a serious option for many publishers , depending on the nature , quality and extent of their information assets .
strategic alliance as a means of entry into these new markets is a serious option for many publishers , depending on the nature , quality and extent of their information [skills] .

It is used to acquire fixed assets such as buildings and plant and to provide working capital .
it is used to acquire fixed [skills] such as buildings and plant and to provide working capital .

This is the money required to make up the difference between what the company can pay and what it owes at any one time or , in accounts department terms , net current assets minus current liabilities .
this is the money required to make up the difference between what the company can pay and what it owes at any one time or , in accounts department terms , net current [skills] minus current liabilities .

The essence of the balance sheet is that the sum of the fixed and current assets shall equal the capital employed , thus explaining its use in the company .
the essence of the balance sheet is that the sum of the fixed and current [skills] shall equal the capital employed , thus explaining its use in the company .

As seen in Figure 3.2 , capital employed divides between fixed assets and current assets .
as seen in figure 3.2 , capital employed divides between fixed [skills] and current [skills] .

Current assets are those that can be turned into cash at short notice , in addition to cash in hand or at the bank .
current [skills] are those that can be turned into cash at short notice , in addition to cash in hand or at the bank .

Provision for depreciation of a company 's assets is always made before calculating profit .
provision for depreciation of a company 's [skills] is always made before calculating profit .

The rationale for doing so is that consumption of capital assets is one of the costs of earning the revenues of the business and as such is paid from untaxed income under the tax authority 's rules .
the rationale for doing so is that consumption of capital [skills] is one of the costs of earning the revenues of the business and as such is paid from untaxed income under the tax authority 's rules .

Annual revaluations of assets is not the practice in all countries .
annual revaluations of [skills] is not the practice in all countries .

Liquidity is the degree to which the company assets are in the form of cash or can readily be converted into cash .
liquidity is the degree to which the company [skills] are in the form of cash or can readily be converted into cash .

Some current assets are by nature needed to maintain the company operations and would not normally be available to meet short-term obligations .
some current [skills] are by nature needed to maintain the company operations and would not normally be available to meet short-term obligations .

Turnover of assets , the second ratio , is a direct measure of efficiency of utilization of resources .
turnover of [skills] , the second ratio , is a direct measure of efficiency of utilization of resources .

In addition , the Directors are responsible for taking reasonable steps to safeguard the assets of the Group and to detect or prevent fraud .
in addition , the directors are responsible for taking reasonable steps to safeguard the [skills] of the group and to detect or prevent fraud .

Fair values are attributed to the net tangible assets of subsidiaries at the date of acquisition .
fair values are attributed to the net tangible [skills] of subsidiaries at the date of acquisition .

The excess of the cost of acquisition over the net assets attributed , so far as not previously written off , is written off to reserves .
the excess of the cost of acquisition over the net [skills] attributed , so far as not previously written off , is written off to reserves .

Income and expenditure in foreign currencies are converted to sterling at rates approximating to those ruling at the date of each transaction ; assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into sterling at the rates ruling at the balance sheet date .
income and expenditure in foreign currencies are converted to sterling at rates approximating to those ruling at the date of each transaction ; [skills] and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into sterling at the rates ruling at the balance sheet date .

Differences on the translation of the net assets of overseas operations are adjusted against retained profits .
differences on the translation of the net [skills] of overseas operations are adjusted against retained profits .

( f ) Fixed Assets and Depreciation
( f ) fixed [skills] and depreciation

Additions to these properties and all other fixed assets are included at cost .
additions to these properties and all other fixed [skills] are included at cost .

In respect of any assets held under finance leases , an amount representing the original outright purchase price is included in the cost of fixed assets .
in respect of any [skills] held under finance leases , an amount representing the original outright purchase price is included in the cost of fixed [skills] .

Investments held as fixed assets are stated at cost less provisions where appropriate for any diminution in value .
investments held as fixed [skills] are stated at cost less provisions where appropriate for any diminution in value .

Investments held as current assets are stated at the lower of cost and market value .
investments held as current [skills] are stated at the lower of cost and market value .

On acquisition of a business , the purchase consideration is allocated between the underlying tangible assets and liabilities on the basis of the fair value to the Group in accordance with its accounting policies .
on acquisition of a business , the purchase consideration is allocated between the underlying tangible [skills] and liabilities on the basis of the fair value to the group in accordance with its accounting policies .

The Group operates several pension schemes , the assets of which are held independently from the Group in trustee administered funds .
the group operates several pension schemes , the [skills] of which are held independently from the group in trustee administered funds .

Actuarial valuations of the defined benefit plans , using the projected unit method , take place regularly and compare the value of the future benefits payable to members against the assets and expected future contributions to the plans from members and the Group .
actuarial valuations of the defined benefit plans , using the projected unit method , take place regularly and compare the value of the future benefits payable to members against the [skills] and expected future contributions to the plans from members and the group .

Total fund assets , the market value of which was £46,945,000 , were shown to amount to 122 % of liabilities .
total fund [skills] , the market value of which was £46,945,000 , were shown to amount to 122 % of liabilities .

In America the film trade paper Variety called the picture ‘ an uneven , forced black comedy in which liabilities outweigh assets ’ .
in america the film trade paper variety called the picture ‘ an uneven , forced black comedy in which liabilities outweigh [skills] ’ .

We shall now turn to the material resources — petroleum , financial assets , military hardware and its framework — available to the two belligerents at the outbreak of war .
we shall now turn to the material resources — petroleum , financial [skills] , military hardware and its framework — available to the two belligerents at the outbreak of war .

Different factions of capital and labour have different stakes within a territory depending upon the nature of the assets they control and the privileges they command .
different factions of capital and labour have different stakes within a territory depending upon the nature of the [skills] they control and the privileges they command .

They will tend to stress long term objectives such as growth in assets , profitability , the degree and nature of diversification , earnings per share and social responsibility , and may specify the mission statement .
they will tend to stress long term objectives such as growth in [skills] , profitability , the degree and nature of diversification , earnings per share and social responsibility , and may specify the mission statement .

The large increase in coastal shipping after 1760 was built on a transport facility which had already proved itself over a long period among the most valuable of the country 's natural assets .
the large increase in coastal shipping after 1760 was built on a transport facility which had already proved itself over a long period among the most valuable of the country 's natural [skills] .

What the Bank got in return for its public lending services were paper assets which ranged from Exchequer and Navy bills to longer-term consolidated stocks .
what the bank got in return for its public lending services were paper [skills] which ranged from exchequer and navy bills to longer-term consolidated stocks .

With these it `` further lubricated the channels linking savings and investment by creating a large stock of negotiable paper assets which new savers could buy whenever existing lenders wanted to realise their loans `` .
with these it `` further lubricated the channels linking savings and investment by creating a large stock of negotiable paper [skills] which new savers could buy whenever existing lenders wanted to realise their loans `` .

With the establishment of a safe market in claims to money and credit , a large and expandable stock of liquid assets was fed into the economy , easing transactions and short-term trade credit .
with the establishment of a safe market in claims to money and credit , a large and expandable stock of liquid [skills] was fed into the economy , easing transactions and short-term trade credit .

Table 17–1 shows the average number of mergers per annum of industrial and commercial companies , and the value of the assets involved .
table 17–1 shows the average number of mergers per annum of industrial and commercial companies , and the value of the [skills] involved .

The 1978 changes were ( 1 ) the introduction of a required real rate of return of 5 per cent , not on new investment projects , as the test discount rate implied , but on existing capital assets , and ( 2 ) the introduction of cash limits for each industry , a target profit or loss specified by the government in the light of the industry 's circumstances .
the 1978 changes were ( 1 ) the introduction of a required real rate of return of 5 per cent , not on new investment projects , as the test discount rate implied , but on existing capital [skills] , and ( 2 ) the introduction of cash limits for each industry , a target profit or loss specified by the government in the light of the industry 's circumstances .

Some people worry that selling off state assets mortgages the country 's future .
some people worry that selling off state [skills] mortgages the country 's future .

We have now examined into Master Hussey 's means , and we are satisfied , ’ said the prince , very gravely and courteously , ‘ that even though no exact inventory has yet been made of all the property passing to you , Master Hussey , by your uncle 's will , yet you have certainly acquired assets which must be disposable , and of such a nature as to be very readily disposable .
we have now examined into master hussey 's means , and we are satisfied , ’ said the prince , very gravely and courteously , ‘ that even though no exact inventory has yet been made of all the property passing to you , master hussey , by your uncle 's will , yet you have certainly acquired [skills] which must be disposable , and of such a nature as to be very readily disposable .

Something in her expression , the hint of a mortally wounded animal inviting further hurt , touched the almost feminine intuition which was one of Jared Tunstall 's greatest assets in the cruel game of life .
something in her expression , the hint of a mortally wounded animal inviting further hurt , touched the almost feminine intuition which was one of jared tunstall 's greatest [skills] in the cruel game of life .

The banks might have been imprudent in making the loans in the first place , but they are both clever and scrupulous when it comes to protecting the value of their assets .
the banks might have been imprudent in making the loans in the first place , but they are both clever and scrupulous when it comes to protecting the value of their [skills] .

At least half of Citibank 's International Private Banking assets of $ 26 billion , it is estimated , belong to Latin Americans .
at least half of citibank 's international private banking [skills] of $ 26 billion , it is estimated , belong to latin americans .

In practice this boils down to the governments being saddled with the bulk of the foreign hard currency debts , while it is private individuals in those same countries who hold most of the hard-currency assets .
in practice this boils down to the governments being saddled with the bulk of the foreign hard currency debts , while it is private individuals in those same countries who hold most of the hard-currency [skills] .

Mao Zedong assets the idea of ‘ continual revolution ’ and launches a second phase of the Cultural Revolution .
mao zedong [skills] the idea of ‘ continual revolution ’ and launches a second phase of the cultural revolution .

Meanwhile the country loses control over vital assets , as Mexico did when it exchanged shares in one of its biggest manufacturing companies — Grupo Alfa , against a reduction of several hundred million dollars in its debts .
meanwhile the country loses control over vital [skills] , as mexico did when it exchanged shares in one of its biggest manufacturing companies — grupo alfa , against a reduction of several hundred million dollars in its debts .

The difference between their debts and those of Third World countries however , is that while loan institutions can seize an individual 's assets , they ca n't so easily reclaim a nuclear reactor or a dam .
the difference between their debts and those of third world countries however , is that while loan institutions can seize an individual 's [skills] , they ca n't so easily reclaim a nuclear reactor or a dam .

Why does he arrogate to himself the claim to know more about patient care than all those professionals ? Is he not handing over public assets to a few of his Conservative cronies ? That amounts to legalised theft and corruption .
why does he arrogate to himself the claim to know more about patient care than all those professionals ? is he not handing over public [skills] to a few of his conservative cronies ? that amounts to legalised theft and corruption .

Does the right hon. Gentleman appreciate that , in Ayr alone , the Conservative party is already being torn apart ? Does he further appreciate that , throughout Ayrshire , people recognise that any additional assets that are poured into the South Ayrshire hospitals to make them work will be at the expense of the national health service in the rest of Ayrshire ?
does the right hon. gentleman appreciate that , in ayr alone , the conservative party is already being torn apart ? does he further appreciate that , throughout ayrshire , people recognise that any additional [skills] that are poured into the south ayrshire hospitals to make them work will be at the expense of the national health service in the rest of ayrshire ?

Will the Secretary of State specifically consider protecting the new body 's budget against the extraordinary awards made recently to landowners for not planting trees on sites of special scientific interest ? That has reached the proportions of a scandal and those non-trees give a new meaning to the term ’ invisible assets ’ .
will the secretary of state specifically consider protecting the new body 's budget against the extraordinary awards made recently to landowners for not planting trees on sites of special scientific interest ? that has reached the proportions of a scandal and those non-trees give a new meaning to the term ’ invisible [skills] ’ .

The whole concept of quotas should be abandoned because of the economic damage that they cause by preventing the proper and flexible use of farmers ' resources and assets and by preventing technological innovation .
the whole concept of quotas should be abandoned because of the economic damage that they cause by preventing the proper and flexible use of farmers ' resources and [skills] and by preventing technological innovation .

The evidence to the Select Committee suggests that the private sector has not only expanded well in terms of growing numbers and additional services , but of maintaining its assets .
the evidence to the select committee suggests that the private sector has not only expanded well in terms of growing numbers and additional services , but of maintaining its [skills] .

One of the problems in the public sector is that no one keeps a balance sheet , so there is no proper record of maintenance costs and of depreciating assets — whereas the business man or woman who manages a private care home is alive to the importance of maintenance , and of protecting the value of that asset .
one of the problems in the public sector is that no one keeps a balance sheet , so there is no proper record of maintenance costs and of depreciating [skills] — whereas the business man or woman who manages a private care home is alive to the importance of maintenance , and of protecting the value of that asset .

The common police services must be combined in a central police agency so that we can deal with serious and organised crime , not necessarily crime which immediately affects the lives of constituents but crime which can affect them through the stealing of their pension funds or the misappropriation of their assets and savings .
the common police services must be combined in a central police agency so that we can deal with serious and organised crime , not necessarily crime which immediately affects the lives of constituents but crime which can affect them through the stealing of their pension funds or the misappropriation of their [skills] and savings .

When the Secretary of State made his recent announcement in the House of the second wave of trust applications and approved in principle applications for the four London teaching hospitals he said that , in the interim , until the review was completed , they would benefit from the advantages that could flow from greater local hospital management devolution . If that is a benefit short of trust status , why is it necessary to force through trust status while encouraging local hospital management and in so doing to bring the assets , the buildings and the personnel out of local health service management ? Why is that superior simply to having better efficiency through greater local management ?
when the secretary of state made his recent announcement in the house of the second wave of trust applications and approved in principle applications for the four london teaching hospitals he said that , in the interim , until the review was completed , they would benefit from the advantages that could flow from greater local hospital management devolution . if that is a benefit short of trust status , why is it necessary to force through trust status while encouraging local hospital management and in so doing to bring the [skills] , the buildings and the personnel out of local health service management ? why is that superior simply to having better efficiency through greater local management ?

increase in fixed assets — has given a tremendous boost to the economy and pride of the north-west .
increase in fixed [skills] — has given a tremendous boost to the economy and pride of the north-west .

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment what proposals he has to alter the power of the courts to sequestrate the assets of trade unions .
to ask the secretary of state for employment what proposals he has to alter the power of the courts to sequestrate the [skills] of trade unions .

It is one of our most valuable assets , like the land that produces our food .
it is one of our most valuable [skills] , like the land that produces our food .

We are discussing not a medium-sized company like any other , but a company that is concerned with one of our great energy assets .
we are discussing not a medium-sized company like any other , but a company that is concerned with one of our great energy [skills] .

Such a clause does not require registration under the Companies Act because the buyer is not creating a charge over his ( the buyer 's ) assets .
such a clause does not require registration under the companies act because the buyer is not creating a charge over his ( the buyer 's ) [skills] .

Rather the goods do not become the buyer 's assets until the buyer has paid .
rather the goods do not become the buyer 's [skills] until the buyer has paid .

It follows that anyone is a potential entrepreneur , since the purely entrepreneurial role presupposes no special initial good fortune in the form of valuable assets .
it follows that anyone is a potential entrepreneur , since the purely entrepreneurial role presupposes no special initial good fortune in the form of valuable [skills] .

Therefore , whereas the market participation of asset owners is always to some extent protected ( by the peculiar qualities of the assets possessed ) , the market activity of the entrepreneur is never protected in any way .
therefore , whereas the market participation of asset owners is always to some extent protected ( by the peculiar qualities of the [skills] possessed ) , the market activity of the entrepreneur is never protected in any way .

In a world in which no two assets are exactly the same , no opportunity offered by an asset owner can be exactly duplicated .
in a world in which no two [skills] are exactly the same , no opportunity offered by an asset owner can be exactly duplicated .

After all , an entrepreneur needs no assets to engage in profitable market participation .
after all , an entrepreneur needs no [skills] to engage in profitable market participation .

Highly specific assets are ones whose values elsewhere are comparatively low and , consequently , whose owners have a strong interest in continuing the transaction because of the high quasi-rents they receive .
highly specific [skills] are ones whose values elsewhere are comparatively low and , consequently , whose owners have a strong interest in continuing the transaction because of the high quasi-rents they receive .

One expects durability to be a hallmark of highly specific assets .
one expects durability to be a hallmark of highly specific [skills] .

[ … ] However , this does not imply that transaction specificity is confined to physical durable assets : human investment in individual or team knowledge that is not fully transferable is also transaction specific .
[ … ] however , this does not imply that transaction specificity is confined to physical durable [skills] : human investment in individual or team knowledge that is not fully transferable is also transaction specific .

Asset specificity has implications for organization because of the reluctance of parties to terminate transactions to which they have committed specific assets .
asset specificity has implications for organization because of the reluctance of parties to terminate transactions to which they have committed specific [skills] .

Owners are aware of the capital losses they must incur if they redeploy their assets , and people with whom they are transacting know that nowhere else can they find assets as suitable to their needs as those already committed .
owners are aware of the capital losses they must incur if they redeploy their [skills] , and people with whom they are transacting know that nowhere else can they find [skills] as suitable to their needs as those already committed .

In other words , both parties are to some extent ‘ locked into ’ a transaction to which highly specific assets have been assigned .
in other words , both parties are to some extent ‘ locked into ’ a transaction to which highly specific [skills] have been assigned .

But these conditions do not exist where the original parties have invested in transaction-specific assets .
but these conditions do not exist where the original parties have invested in transaction-specific [skills] .

The costs of using a market , therefore , will be high for the organization of transactions that involve highly specific assets .
the costs of using a market , therefore , will be high for the organization of transactions that involve highly specific [skills] .

In Williamson 's framework , therefore , an internal form of organization is an effective way of economizing on bounded rationality and controlling opportunism in the context of recurring transactions that involve specific assets .
in williamson 's framework , therefore , an internal form of organization is an effective way of economizing on bounded rationality and controlling opportunism in the context of recurring transactions that involve specific [skills] .

That transaction-specific assets are organized by management rather than markets is explained by savings on the resources used to decide how to adjust to changes unanticipated at the start of the contract .
that transaction-specific [skills] are organized by management rather than markets is explained by savings on the resources used to decide how to adjust to changes unanticipated at the start of the contract .

He was glad he had assets .
he was glad he had [skills] .

On the other hand , the introduction of money causes the complication that changes in the price of money relative to real capital affect individuals ' incomes ( capital gains should be included in disposable income ) and savings ( the increase in the value of an individual 's assets is , in effect , savings ) .
on the other hand , the introduction of money causes the complication that changes in the price of money relative to real capital affect individuals ' incomes ( capital gains should be included in disposable income ) and savings ( the increase in the value of an individual 's [skills] is , in effect , savings ) .

We can therefore write or per capita savings ( assets ) as ( 8–37 ) .
we can therefore write or per capita savings ( [skills] ) as ( 8–37 ) .

the individual … will fully capitalise the future tax payments where the debt is created , and he will write down the capital value of the income-earning assets which he owns by the present value of these future tax payments .
the individual … will fully capitalise the future tax payments where the debt is created , and he will write down the capital value of the income-earning [skills] which he owns by the present value of these future tax payments .

This is especially likely with assets that in practice are indivisible .
this is especially likely with [skills] that in practice are indivisible .

If the Haig-Simons definition relates to real income , then adjustments need to be made to the return to all assets and to the interest paid on all liabilities ( i.e .
if the haig-simons definition relates to real income , then adjustments need to be made to the return to all [skills] and to the interest paid on all liabilities ( i.e .

In the first , which we cover in this section , we examine the relationship between spot and forward exchange rates , and in the second we examine the relationship between the rates of return on assets with differing terms .
in the first , which we cover in this section , we examine the relationship between spot and forward exchange rates , and in the second we examine the relationship between the rates of return on [skills] with differing terms .

Remaining controls over the currency composition of assets can largely be characterized as being consistent with prudential asset-liability management .
remaining controls over the currency composition of [skills] can largely be characterized as being consistent with prudential asset-liability management .

Essentially the series is a weighted average of the share of total assets that different financial institutions were permitted to invest overseas .
essentially the series is a weighted average of the share of total [skills] that different financial institutions were permitted to invest overseas .

whether wealth can be thought of as being determined prior to its allocation amongst individual assets .
whether wealth can be thought of as being determined prior to its allocation amongst individual [skills] .

The quarterly change in wealth consists of two factors , new savings and revaluations to existing assets .
the quarterly change in wealth consists of two factors , new savings and revaluations to existing [skills] .

That fact had aroused her enough to make her display her feminine assets to best advantage .
that fact had aroused her enough to make her display her feminine [skills] to best advantage .

For example , treasury bill finance has the effect of creating extremely liquid assets which are very close substitutes for money .
for example , treasury bill finance has the effect of creating extremely liquid [skills] which are very close substitutes for money .

One obvious way of increasing bankers ' deposits in relation to other assets would be to recall some of the overnight lending to the London discount market .
one obvious way of increasing bankers ' deposits in relation to other [skills] would be to recall some of the overnight lending to the london discount market .

Table 3.4 draws some comparisons between their liabilities ; Table 3.5 does the same for their assets .
table 3.4 draws some comparisons between their liabilities ; table 3.5 does the same for their [skills] .

Comparing Tables 3.4 and 3.5 we can see that sterling and ‘ other ’ liabilities are fairly closely matched by corresponding assets .
comparing tables 3.4 and 3.5 we can see that sterling and ‘ other ’ liabilities are fairly closely matched by corresponding [skills] .

This shows the relationship between banks ' primary source of liquid assets ( notes , coin and bankers ' balances in col. 2 ) and total asset/liabilities .
this shows the relationship between banks ' primary source of liquid [skills] ( notes , coin and bankers ' balances in col. 2 ) and total asset/liabilities .

These are both very liquid and interest-earning assets and thus provide a valuable second line of reserves .
these are both very liquid and interest-earning [skills] and thus provide a valuable second line of reserves .

Bank profits then depended upon the assets which those deposits were used to acquire , in effect profits depended upon asset management .
bank profits then depended upon the [skills] which those deposits were used to acquire , in effect profits depended upon asset management .

These features are also reflected in their assets .
these features are also reflected in their [skills] .

Sterling assets very nearly match sterling liabilities ; ‘ other ’ assets are very few indeed .
sterling [skills] very nearly match sterling liabilities ; ‘ other ’ [skills] are very few indeed .

Column 5 of Table 3.5 confirms treasury and commercial bills as their principal assets .
column 5 of table 3.5 confirms treasury and commercial bills as their principal [skills] .

Table 3.5 shows that sterling and non-sterling liabilities are quite closely matched by corresponding assets .
table 3.5 shows that sterling and non-sterling liabilities are quite closely matched by corresponding [skills] .

Table 3.4 shows the low ratio of sight to time deposits allowing ( Table 3.5 ) a lower ratio of liquid assets to liabilities than is possible for retail banks .
table 3.4 shows the low ratio of sight to time deposits allowing ( table 3.5 ) a lower ratio of liquid [skills] to liabilities than is possible for retail banks .

Notice that assets are composed of various forms of lending : to the personal sector , the commercial sector , the government or the Bank of England .
notice that [skills] are composed of various forms of lending : to the personal sector , the commercial sector , the government or the bank of england .

Notice also that we can express any class of asset as a proportion of total assets or liabilities and remember too that in section 1.1.5 we said that these ratios are arrived at as a matter of deliberate choice and are assumed to represent portfolio equilibrium .
notice also that we can express any class of asset as a proportion of total [skills] or liabilities and remember too that in section 1.1.5 we said that these ratios are arrived at as a matter of deliberate choice and are assumed to represent portfolio equilibrium .

When the overdraft facility is fully used , the composition of assets will have changed .
when the overdraft facility is fully used , the composition of [skills] will have changed .

But remember that this change in the composition of assets came about because the borrower used his overdraft facility .
but remember that this change in the composition of [skills] came about because the borrower used his overdraft facility .

The Bank would have more assets , matched by an increase in ‘ bankers ' deposits ’ .
the bank would have more [skills] , matched by an increase in ‘ bankers ' deposits ’ .

The second possibility is that a bank could rearrange its assets by selling securities .
the second possibility is that a bank could rearrange its [skills] by selling securities .

Firstly , that the monetary sector can expand its assets and liabilities up to a limit imposed by its available reserves .
firstly , that the monetary sector can expand its [skills] and liabilities up to a limit imposed by its available reserves .

At a much more advanced level , the supply of assets including money is discussed in Cuthbertson ( 1985 , Ch .
at a much more advanced level , the supply of [skills] including money is discussed in cuthbertson ( 1985 , ch .

Create assets for lenders and liabilities for borrowers which are more attractive than would be the case if the parties had to deal directly ;
create [skills] for lenders and liabilities for borrowers which are more attractive than would be the case if the parties had to deal directly ;

As Table 4.1 reveals , at the end of 1987 building society assets totalled over 160bn .
as table 4.1 reveals , at the end of 1987 building society [skills] totalled over 160bn .

It also shows that their assets had increased by approximately 20bn over the previous year and that this expansion was typical of their success in the 1980s .
it also shows that their [skills] had increased by approximately 20bn over the previous year and that this expansion was typical of their success in the 1980s .

Table 4.2 shows the distribution of liquid assets held by the personal sector and the year-by-year increases in those holdings for the period 1980–87 .
table 4.2 shows the distribution of liquid [skills] held by the personal sector and the year-by-year increases in those holdings for the period 1980–87 .

The importance of building society deposits as assets of the personal sector is very clear .
the importance of building society deposits as [skills] of the personal sector is very clear .

In 1970 the top ten societies held 64 per cent of all building society assets .
in 1970 the top ten societies held 64 per cent of all building society [skills] .

Until 1986 , the structure and maturity of building society assets were regulated by the Registrar under his powers in the 1962 Act .
until 1986 , the structure and maturity of building society [skills] were regulated by the registrar under his powers in the 1962 act .

As Table 4.1 shows , over 80 per cent of building society assets consist of mortgage loans for the purchase of property .
as table 4.1 shows , over 80 per cent of building society [skills] consist of mortgage loans for the purchase of property .

With the exception of ‘ other assets ’ , comprising land , buildings and equipment , building society non-mortgage assets are generally very liquid .
with the exception of ‘ other [skills] ’ , comprising land , buildings and equipment , building society non-mortgage [skills] are generally very liquid .

Almost one-half of ‘ short-term assets ’ are bank deposits .
almost one-half of ‘ short-term [skills] ’ are bank deposits .

Under the Registrar 's rules , societies are required to maintain a minimum ratio of 7.5 per cent of liquid assets ( roughly British government securities plus ‘ short-term assets ’ ) to total assets .
under the registrar 's rules , societies are required to maintain a minimum ratio of 7.5 per cent of liquid [skills] ( roughly british government securities plus ‘ short-term [skills] ’ ) to total [skills] .

Indeed , societies have traditionally operated with a liquid assets ratio in the range of 15–20 per cent .
indeed , societies have traditionally operated with a liquid [skills] ratio in the range of 15–20 per cent .

If the inflow falls short of mortgage lending plans a generous cushion of liquid assets can be run down in order to preserve a steady outflow of mortgage lending .
if the inflow falls short of mortgage lending plans a generous cushion of liquid [skills] can be run down in order to preserve a steady outflow of mortgage lending .

With regard to assets , the Act distinguished ‘ commercial ’ assets as total assets minus liquid and fixed assets .
with regard to [skills] , the act distinguished ‘ commercial ’ [skills] as total [skills] minus liquid and fixed [skills] .

For societies with commercial assets in excess of 100m .
for societies with commercial [skills] in excess of 100m .

Class 1 assets were mortgage loans secured on owner-occupied houses ; class 2 assets were other loans secured on property , for example to house-builders and housing associations ; class 3 assets included unsecured loans of up to 5,000 , ownership of land and investments in subsidiaries and associates .
class 1 [skills] were mortgage loans secured on owner-occupied houses ; class 2 [skills] were other loans secured on property , for example to house-builders and housing associations ; class 3 [skills] included unsecured loans of up to 5,000 , ownership of land and investments in subsidiaries and associates .

The Act required societies to hold a minimum 90 per cent of commercial assets as class 1 assets , thereby ensuring a continuation of the societies ' traditional role , and a maximum of 10 per cent of class 2 plus class 3 , subject to a maximum of 5 per cent for class 3 assets .
the act required societies to hold a minimum 90 per cent of commercial [skills] as class 1 [skills] , thereby ensuring a continuation of the societies ' traditional role , and a maximum of 10 per cent of class 2 plus class 3 , subject to a maximum of 5 per cent for class 3 [skills] .

In February 1988 , the Treasury raised this maximum for class 3 assets to 7.5 per cent and the limit on unsecured lending to 10,000 .
in february 1988 , the treasury raised this maximum for class 3 [skills] to 7.5 per cent and the limit on unsecured lending to 10,000 .

This increase in the range of assets available to societies was related to the extension of the services they were to be permitted to offer .
this increase in the range of [skills] available to societies was related to the extension of the services they were to be permitted to offer .

In a similar way , class 3 assets were essential to another service envisaged in the Act , the ownership , development and management of land .
in a similar way , class 3 [skills] were essential to another service envisaged in the act , the ownership , development and management of land .

Provided sufficient funds are available or can be easily recovered in order to meet unexpected claims , this pool of funds can be invested in earning assets by the companies to provide a further source of income .
provided sufficient funds are available or can be easily recovered in order to meet unexpected claims , this pool of funds can be invested in earning [skills] by the companies to provide a further source of income .

What is more significant for our purpose is that proportion of premium income which found its way into the acquisition of other financial assets .
what is more significant for our purpose is that proportion of premium income which found its way into the acquisition of other financial [skills] .

At the end of 1987 total assets were 208bn .
at the end of 1987 total [skills] were 208bn .

Figure 4.1 shows the distribution of assets in some detail .
figure 4.1 shows the distribution of [skills] in some detail .

Figure 4.1 ( a ) shows the assets held at the end of 1986 by firms conducting general insurance business .
figure 4.1 ( a ) shows the [skills] held at the end of 1986 by firms conducting general insurance business .

Figure 4.1 shows only the stock of existing assets .
figure 4.1 shows only the stock of existing [skills] .

Their short-term assets form a much smaller proportion of the total .
their short-term [skills] form a much smaller proportion of the total .

The conclusion is obvious : long-term insurance funds hold a much higher proportion of longer-term assets than do general funds .
the conclusion is obvious : long-term insurance funds hold a much higher proportion of longer-term [skills] than do general funds .

In the circumstances , the composition of assets is not hard to explain .
in the circumstances , the composition of [skills] is not hard to explain .

The need for short-term , highly liquid assets is low .
the need for short-term , highly liquid [skills] is low .

However , while a narrow range of assets may maximise yield it also increases the exposure to risk .
however , while a narrow range of [skills] may maximise yield it also increases the exposure to risk .

This can be reduced by diversifying , in particular to achieve a mix of assets whose values would not all be expected to move in the same direction at once .
this can be reduced by diversifying , in particular to achieve a mix of [skills] whose values would not all be expected to move in the same direction at once .

Since the fund is kept strictly separate from the firm 's own assets , employees ' pensions should remain secure even if the firm ceases trading .
since the fund is kept strictly separate from the firm 's own [skills] , employees ' pensions should remain secure even if the firm ceases trading .

Notice firstly that at 196bn the market value of pension fund assets at the end of 1987 was larger than that of any other class of financial intermediary .
notice firstly that at 196bn the market value of pension fund [skills] at the end of 1987 was larger than that of any other class of financial intermediary .

In the year to the end of 1987 the value of pension fund assets grew by 6.3bn or 3.3 per cent .
in the year to the end of 1987 the value of pension fund [skills] grew by 6.3bn or 3.3 per cent .

Of the growth approximately 9.5bn came from the inflow of funds from contributions ; the difference ( -3.2bn ) reflects a 2 per cent fall in the value of existing assets .
of the growth approximately 9.5bn came from the inflow of funds from contributions ; the difference ( -3.2bn ) reflects a 2 per cent fall in the value of existing [skills] .

Although their capital appreciation might eventually benefit pensioners , it was felt inappropriate by some that a fund should invest in ‘ unproductive ’ assets .
although their capital appreciation might eventually benefit pensioners , it was felt inappropriate by some that a fund should invest in ‘ unproductive ’ [skills] .

The purpose of a unit trust is to accept funds from individuals or companies and to invest those funds in a wide variety of assets .
the purpose of a unit trust is to accept funds from individuals or companies and to invest those funds in a wide variety of [skills] .

Contributors to the trust then have a share in the income and capital appreciation of the underlying assets .
contributors to the trust then have a share in the income and capital appreciation of the underlying [skills] .

It will also give some indication of the range of assets in which it expects to invest : ‘ famous names ’ , ‘ recovery situations ’ , ‘ European ’ are examples .
it will also give some indication of the range of [skills] in which it expects to invest : ‘ famous names ’ , ‘ recovery situations ’ , ‘ european ’ are examples .

As the price of the underlying assets changes , the value of the units will change and will be calculated ( again ignoring expenses ) by dividing the current value of the assets by the number of units in existence .
as the price of the underlying [skills] changes , the value of the units will change and will be calculated ( again ignoring expenses ) by dividing the current value of the [skills] by the number of units in existence .

The income generated by the assets is accumulated and paid out at intervals , the amount paid on each unit again ( roughly ) corresponding to total income divided by the number of units in existence .
the income generated by the [skills] is accumulated and paid out at intervals , the amount paid on each unit again ( roughly ) corresponding to total income divided by the number of units in existence .

Firstly , a small saver is able to minimise risk by investing quite cheaply in a much wider range of assets than would be possible by direct investment .
firstly , a small saver is able to minimise risk by investing quite cheaply in a much wider range of [skills] than would be possible by direct investment .

Figure 4.3 shows the distribution of unit trust assets at the end of 1987 .
figure 4.3 shows the distribution of unit trust [skills] at the end of 1987 .

At the end of 1987 , over 80 per cent of unit trust assets were company securities .
at the end of 1987 , over 80 per cent of unit trust [skills] were company securities .

After holdings of short-term assets ( mainly cash and bank deposits ) , only British government securities formed a significant category .
after holdings of short-term [skills] ( mainly cash and bank deposits ) , only british government securities formed a significant category .

Neither does it reveal the decline in holdings of short-term assets , from over 10 per cent of the total in 1978 .
neither does it reveal the decline in holdings of short-term [skills] , from over 10 per cent of the total in 1978 .

As we saw above , assets in 1987 amounted to over 35bn .
as we saw above , [skills] in 1987 amounted to over 35bn .

The purchase of assets with new funds is no reliable indication of the total scale of buying and selling activity .
the purchase of [skills] with new funds is no reliable indication of the total scale of buying and selling activity .

As we shall see , this immunity from savers ' redemptions is reflected in the composition of trusts ' assets .
as we shall see , this immunity from savers ' redemptions is reflected in the composition of trusts ' [skills] .

Secondly , even with only sporadic injections of new funds , investment trusts may still be active traders in the markets for financial assets .
secondly , even with only sporadic injections of new funds , investment trusts may still be active traders in the markets for financial [skills] .

With all the previous intermediaries we looked at , we warned that we can not judge the volume of buying and selling of assets which an intermediary carries out just from looking at the inflow of new funds .
with all the previous intermediaries we looked at , we warned that we can not judge the volume of buying and selling of [skills] which an intermediary carries out just from looking at the inflow of new funds .

Even without an inflow of funds from savers , trusts have income from dividends and interest on their assets and from capital gains ( about 150m .
even without an inflow of funds from savers , trusts have income from dividends and interest on their [skills] and from capital gains ( about 150m .

From this reserve and from the immediate disposal of existing assets , trusts can make acquisitions of new assets .
from this reserve and from the immediate disposal of existing [skills] , trusts can make acquisitions of new [skills] .

There is no trust deed , no trustee and the saver 's claim upon the assets of the trust is only the very general claim that any shareholder has upon a company .
there is no trust deed , no trustee and the saver 's claim upon the [skills] of the trust is only the very general claim that any shareholder has upon a company .

By comparison with other intermediaries growth has been slow , at least until the 1980s when the value of investment trusts ' assets almost doubled ( 1981–86 ) .
by comparison with other intermediaries growth has been slow , at least until the 1980s when the value of investment trusts ' [skills] almost doubled ( 1981–86 ) .

At the end of 1987 , aggregate investment trust assets amounted to 15.5bn and the number of trusts to about 160 .
at the end of 1987 , aggregate investment trust [skills] amounted to 15.5bn and the number of trusts to about 160 .

4.4 shows , the assets of investment trusts are overwhelmingly company securities ; there are very few government securities .
4.4 shows , the [skills] of investment trusts are overwhelmingly company securities ; there are very few government securities .

This obviously amounts to saying that the market value of investment trust shares is determined by the demand for them and not ( as with units in a unit trust ) by the performance of the underlying assets .
this obviously amounts to saying that the market value of investment trust shares is determined by the demand for them and not ( as with units in a unit trust ) by the performance of the underlying [skills] .

Even so , we would expect the resulting market valuation to pay some attention to the underlying assets since the reason for buying investment trust shares is to participate in the income and capital gains resulting from the managers ' investment performance .
even so , we would expect the resulting market valuation to pay some attention to the underlying [skills] since the reason for buying investment trust shares is to participate in the income and capital gains resulting from the managers ' investment performance .

On the face of it , this offers a potential bidder the opportunity to acquire a complete portfolio of assets at a discount to their value by taking over the trust by buying up all its shares .
on the face of it , this offers a potential bidder the opportunity to acquire a complete portfolio of [skills] at a discount to their value by taking over the trust by buying up all its shares .

This obviously reduces the income below what it would have been had he been able to hold the assets directly .
this obviously reduces the income below what it would have been had he been able to hold the [skills] directly .

If it liquidated the trust , however , in order to hold the underlying assets directly , it would face liquidation costs including compensation to the existing management .
if it liquidated the trust , however , in order to hold the underlying [skills] directly , it would face liquidation costs including compensation to the existing management .

The specific contribution of intermediaries was to do this by creating assets ( for lenders ) and liabilities ( for borrowers ) which were more attractive than would be the case with direct lending .
the specific contribution of intermediaries was to do this by creating [skills] ( for lenders ) and liabilities ( for borrowers ) which were more attractive than would be the case with direct lending .

As the table shows , securities of all kinds feature largely among their assets .
as the table shows , securities of all kinds feature largely among their [skills] .

What is being alleged here is that NBFIs create assets which are in some close measure substitutes for money and which have their own advantages , interest perhaps or long-term capital gain , which money does not have .
what is being alleged here is that nbfis create [skills] which are in some close measure substitutes for money and which have their own advantages , interest perhaps or long-term capital gain , which money does not have .

With readily available liquid assets , however , the risk of the occasional shortage of money is worth taking .
with readily available liquid [skills] , however , the risk of the occasional shortage of money is worth taking .

Over 85 per cent are then lent out to borrowers on mortgage , part of the remaining 15 per cent is used to buy liquid assets , a small part stays with the society 's bank as an increased holding of immediate liquidity , against the increase in deposit liabilities .
over 85 per cent are then lent out to borrowers on mortgage , part of the remaining 15 per cent is used to buy liquid [skills] , a small part stays with the society 's bank as an increased holding of immediate liquidity , against the increase in deposit liabilities .

Notice that in lending on mortgage and buying liquid assets , the society is authorising transfers from its own bank account to the accounts of the borrower and the sellers of the liquid assets .
notice that in lending on mortgage and buying liquid [skills] , the society is authorising transfers from its own bank account to the accounts of the borrower and the sellers of the liquid [skills] .

Instead of passively accepting whatever inflow of funds they happened to receive and relying on their skill at selecting assets for their profit , institutions began to ‘ bid ’ for funds .
instead of passively accepting whatever inflow of funds they happened to receive and relying on their skill at selecting [skills] for their profit , institutions began to ‘ bid ’ for funds .

As we have seen throughout section 4.1 , whatever their major business , all NBFIs maintain some stock of liquid assets .
as we have seen throughout section 4.1 , whatever their major business , all nbfis maintain some stock of liquid [skills] .

Let us suppose that NBFIs maintain a stable proportion of bank deposits to total assets and that their assets are growing at twice the rate of nominal income .
let us suppose that nbfis maintain a stable proportion of bank deposits to total [skills] and that their [skills] are growing at twice the rate of nominal income .

Why do building societies hold a higher proportion of liquid assets than do pension funds ?
why do building societies hold a higher proportion of liquid [skills] than do pension funds ?

It is a reasonable supposition , therefore , that anything that increases the community 's demand for liquid assets relative to other forms of wealth will cause a rise in the demand for bills .
it is a reasonable supposition , therefore , that anything that increases the community 's demand for liquid [skills] relative to other forms of wealth will cause a rise in the demand for bills .

Uncertainty about the future value of other financial assets , or about the timing of important receipts and payments are examples .
uncertainty about the future value of other financial [skills] , or about the timing of important receipts and payments are examples .

Thus , it was argued , whatever effect upon the market the authorities might have , it would be confined to a very narrow spectrum of assets and interest rates .
thus , it was argued , whatever effect upon the market the authorities might have , it would be confined to a very narrow spectrum of [skills] and interest rates .

In Table 3.3 these are shown under assets as ‘ market loans ’ and ‘ CDs ’ .
in table 3.3 these are shown under [skills] as ‘ market loans ’ and ‘ cds ’ .

The two young sergeants , Topper and Evans , were assets , Chief Inspector Jardine a known liability .
the two young sergeants , topper and evans , were [skills] , chief inspector jardine a known liability .

Local authorities now have four main sources of funds for capital expenditure : borrowing , which is subject to approval by central government ; capital grants , also from central government , which will specify the purposes for which they are to be used , and the amount the local authority must itself contribute ; capital receipts , from the sale of assets such as land and council houses , though the local authorities must first set aside 50 % of these receipts ( 75 % in the case of council house sales ) towards repaying their debts ; and ordinary revenue from the Community Charge , etc .
local authorities now have four main sources of funds for capital expenditure : borrowing , which is subject to approval by central government ; capital grants , also from central government , which will specify the purposes for which they are to be used , and the amount the local authority must itself contribute ; capital receipts , from the sale of [skills] such as land and council houses , though the local authorities must first set aside 50 % of these receipts ( 75 % in the case of council house sales ) towards repaying their debts ; and ordinary revenue from the community charge , etc .

The net assets of companies acquired are incorporated in the consolidated accounts at their fair values to the group at the date of acquisition .
the net [skills] of companies acquired are incorporated in the consolidated accounts at their fair values to the group at the date of acquisition .

Foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into sterling at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date .
foreign currency [skills] and liabilities are translated into sterling at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date .

Gains or losses arising on the translation of the net assets of overseas subsidiaries and associated undertakings are taken to reserves , less exchange differences arising on related foreign currency borrowings .
gains or losses arising on the translation of the net [skills] of overseas subsidiaries and associated undertakings are taken to reserves , less exchange differences arising on related foreign currency borrowings .

7 . Tangible fixed assets
7 . tangible fixed [skills]

Other fixed assets are depreciated on a straight line basis at annual rates which vary according to the class of asset , but are typically :
other fixed [skills] are depreciated on a straight line basis at annual rates which vary according to the class of asset , but are typically :

The cost of assets held under finance leases is included under tangible fixed assets and the capital element of future lease payments is included in creditors .
the cost of [skills] held under finance leases is included under tangible fixed [skills] and the capital element of future lease payments is included in creditors .

Grants in respect of capital expenditure incurred after 31st March 1991 are included in creditors and released to the profit and loss account in equal instalments over the expected useful lives of the related assets .
grants in respect of capital expenditure incurred after 31st march 1991 are included in creditors and released to the profit and loss account in equal instalments over the expected useful lives of the related [skills] .

There were no fundamental restructuring costs provided for in 1993 or 1992 , and profits and losses on sale of fixed assets ( 1993 £0.2 million profit , 1992 £0.6 million loss ) were not sufficiently material to warrant separate disclosure on the face of the profit and loss account .
there were no fundamental restructuring costs provided for in 1993 or 1992 , and profits and losses on sale of fixed [skills] ( 1993 £0.2 million profit , 1992 £0.6 million loss ) were not sufficiently material to warrant separate disclosure on the face of the profit and loss account .

13 . Fixed assets — tangible assets
13 . fixed [skills] — tangible [skills]

The net book value of fixed assets includes £0.9 million ( 1992 £1.9 million ) in respect of assets held under finance leases .
the net book value of fixed [skills] includes £0.9 million ( 1992 £1.9 million ) in respect of [skills] held under finance leases .

The net book value of fixed assets includes £0.4 million ( 1992 £0.8 million ) in respect of assets held under finance leases .
the net book value of fixed [skills] includes £0.4 million ( 1992 £0.8 million ) in respect of [skills] held under finance leases .

The property assets shown below were valued by independent professional valuers in the years shown on the basis of open market value for existing use or depreciated replacement cost whichever is considered the more appropriate basis of valuation .
the property [skills] shown below were valued by independent professional valuers in the years shown on the basis of open market value for existing use or depreciated replacement cost whichever is considered the more appropriate basis of valuation .

Assets valued at depreciated replacement cost amounted to £54.3 million in the group and £24.1 million in the company ( 1992 £52.5 million and £24.1 million respectively ) .
[skills] valued at depreciated replacement cost amounted to £54.3 million in the group and £24.1 million in the company ( 1992 £52.5 million and £24.1 million respectively ) .

14 . Fixed assets — investments
14 . fixed [skills] — investments

The formulation and implementation of pilot , demonstration and otherwise innovative projects plays a crucial role in unlocking and mobilising the full potential of Glasgow 's assets .
the formulation and implementation of pilot , demonstration and otherwise innovative projects plays a crucial role in unlocking and mobilising the full potential of glasgow 's [skills] .

Fixed Assets
fixed [skills]

Fixed assets capitalised during the year amount to £865,000 of which £700,000 relates to tangible assets and £165,000 to investments .
fixed [skills] capitalised during the year amount to £865,000 of which £700,000 relates to tangible [skills] and £165,000 to investments .

The principal element of fixed assets is land and buildings acquired for development projects .
the principal element of fixed [skills] is land and buildings acquired for development projects .

Although a beneficial financial interest in such assets remains with Scottish Enterprise as disclosed in note 1 to the accounts , they are shown in the company 's accounts in order to reflect assets under the company 's stewardship which will be developed in accordance with its business plan .
although a beneficial financial interest in such [skills] remains with scottish enterprise as disclosed in note 1 to the accounts , they are shown in the company 's accounts in order to reflect [skills] under the company 's stewardship which will be developed in accordance with its business plan .

Our initiatives include cost reduction and operating efficiency programmes and changes to our portfolio of assets .
our initiatives include cost reduction and operating efficiency programmes and changes to our portfolio of [skills] .

We are tackling our problem areas and are divesting those assets which no longer have a strategic fit .
we are tackling our problem areas and are divesting those [skills] which no longer have a strategic fit .

Between 1989 and 1992 , we have sold $ 4-billion-worth of non-core assets at a value equivalent to a $ 25 a barrel constant real oil price .
between 1989 and 1992 , we have sold $ 4-billion-worth of non-core [skills] at a value equivalent to a $ 25 a barrel constant real oil price .

Several factors were behind the success : a company-wide programme to reduce operating costs , further steps to gain tighter control over working capital , the disposal of underperforming assets and new products that helped increase margins and market share .
several factors were behind the success : a company-wide programme to reduce operating costs , further steps to gain tighter control over working capital , the disposal of underperforming [skills] and new products that helped increase margins and market share .

Where our competitive position is weak , we have continued to divest assets to help fund more profitable ventures elsewhere and build on our areas of strength .
where our competitive position is weak , we have continued to divest [skills] to help fund more profitable ventures elsewhere and build on our areas of strength .

Because exceptional items , such as the profit on the sale of assets or the cost of fundamental restructuring , are disclosed separately , the underlying profits from a company 's operations may be seen more clearly .
because exceptional items , such as the profit on the sale of [skills] or the cost of fundamental restructuring , are disclosed separately , the underlying profits from a company 's operations may be seen more clearly .

That process involves a refocusing of our assets — deciding which businesses , and which sectors within each business , we wish to stay in , and leaving those we did not .
that process involves a refocusing of our [skills] — deciding which businesses , and which sectors within each business , we wish to stay in , and leaving those we did not .

Divest assets of $1.5-$2.0 billion in 1993
divest [skills] of $1.5-$2.0 billion in 1993

Good progress was again made in disposing of surplus assets in Alberta , Texas and Wimpey Commercial .
good progress was again made in disposing of surplus [skills] in alberta , texas and wimpey commercial .

Ontario Homes sold 120 homes and closed 81 homes , as well as some significant land sales , to achieve a 7 per cent return on its assets .
ontario homes sold 120 homes and closed 81 homes , as well as some significant land sales , to achieve a 7 per cent return on its [skills] .

This business is encumbered by a large portfolio of undeveloped residential land which will dilute its ability to make a reasonable return on its assets for some time to come .
this business is encumbered by a large portfolio of undeveloped residential land which will dilute its ability to make a reasonable return on its [skills] for some time to come .

As the Chairman , Pat Retief in his Annual Chairman 's Review says , ‘ we must continue to be a profitable company if we are to be a good employer in the fullest sense , capable of maintaining and enhancing our portfolio of assets and maximising the development of the Group 's human resources .
as the chairman , pat retief in his annual chairman 's review says , ‘ we must continue to be a profitable company if we are to be a good employer in the fullest sense , capable of maintaining and enhancing our portfolio of [skills] and maximising the development of the group 's human resources .

The assets of Leith Salvage & Towage Co .
the [skills] of leith salvage & towage co .

One of the biggest assets any business could have ?
one of the biggest [skills] any business could have ?

For it was she who told herself that nothing was to be gained at this moment by recrimination , that Sir George 's land and influence at Stockton were still big assets ( though nowhere near worth the price at which they had been bought ) , and that a moping Sir George — a sackcloth-ashes flagellant — could be all it needed to bring the whole structure of confidence tumbling down .
for it was she who told herself that nothing was to be gained at this moment by recrimination , that sir george 's land and influence at stockton were still big [skills] ( though nowhere near worth the price at which they had been bought ) , and that a moping sir george — a sackcloth-ashes flagellant — could be all it needed to bring the whole structure of confidence tumbling down .

The government of President Luis Alberto Lacalle claimed a clear mandate to proceed with its controversial programme to sell off state assets [ see pp .
the government of president luis alberto lacalle claimed a clear mandate to proceed with its controversial programme to sell off state [skills] [ see pp .

Restrictions on cash withdrawals and expenditure imposed on the Indus Bank in May , following moves to protect its assets after a management dispute , were lifted on July 1 .
restrictions on cash withdrawals and expenditure imposed on the indus bank in may , following moves to protect its [skills] after a management dispute , were lifted on july 1 .

Three documents were signed on issues of legal succession to the Soviet Union regarding treaties , property , archives and debts and assets .
three documents were signed on issues of legal succession to the soviet union regarding treaties , property , archives and debts and [skills] .

The conference agreed to a deadline of Dec. 31 , 1990 , for the adoption by the participating countries of its 21 recommendations , including ( i ) the criminalization of conspiracy to engage in money laundering ; ( ii ) the adoption of Organization of American States extradition guidelines ; and ( iii ) the confiscation of assets of those convicted of drug related offences .
the conference agreed to a deadline of dec. 31 , 1990 , for the adoption by the participating countries of its 21 recommendations , including ( i ) the criminalization of conspiracy to engage in money laundering ; ( ii ) the adoption of organization of american states extradition guidelines ; and ( iii ) the confiscation of [skills] of those convicted of drug related offences .

The new measures were apparently designed to show the administration 's determination to curb state spending , encourage more private investment and accelerate the sale of government assets .
the new measures were apparently designed to show the administration 's determination to curb state spending , encourage more private investment and accelerate the sale of government [skills] .

They discussed the sharing of assets and liabilities of the old Pakistan , and the issue of repatriation of 228,000 Pakistanis still stranded in Bangladesh .
they discussed the sharing of [skills] and liabilities of the old pakistan , and the issue of repatriation of 228,000 pakistanis still stranded in bangladesh .

Sir Julius confirmed that the investigation would also examine the use of government resources and assets during the recent general election campaign .
sir julius confirmed that the investigation would also examine the use of government resources and [skills] during the recent general election campaign .

Its main features were ( i ) major spending cuts through reductions in state subsidies to industry and commerce and reductions in unemployment benefits ; and ( ii ) proposals for rationalization of government services and privatization of state assets .
its main features were ( i ) major spending cuts through reductions in state subsidies to industry and commerce and reductions in unemployment benefits ; and ( ii ) proposals for rationalization of government services and privatization of state [skills] .

Income would be raised by suspending indexation of tax allowance thresholds , by sales of assets and partial privatizations , and by raising fuel and other indirect taxes .
income would be raised by suspending indexation of tax allowance thresholds , by sales of [skills] and partial privatizations , and by raising fuel and other indirect taxes .

Other proposals included ( i ) a $ 500 per child increase in personal tax exemption ( beginning Oct. 1 ) for families earning less than $ 157,000 per year ; ( ii ) a temporary tax credit for first-time home buyers of 10 per cent of purchase price ( up to $ 5,000 ) on homes bought by the end of the year ; ( iii ) short-term compensation for those selling their homes at a loss ; and ( iv ) a temporary investment tax allowance on the purchase of assets .
other proposals included ( i ) a $ 500 per child increase in personal tax exemption ( beginning oct. 1 ) for families earning less than $ 157,000 per year ; ( ii ) a temporary tax credit for first-time home buyers of 10 per cent of purchase price ( up to $ 5,000 ) on homes bought by the end of the year ; ( iii ) short-term compensation for those selling their homes at a loss ; and ( iv ) a temporary investment tax allowance on the purchase of [skills] .

Proposed permanent tax changes included ( i ) a phased reduction in capital gains tax from its current level of 28 per cent to 15.4 per cent on assets held for three or more years , to 19.6 per cent for assets held for two years and to 23.8 per cent for assets held for one year ; ( ii ) greater flexibility for individual retirement accounts ( IRAs ) ; ( iii ) the repeal of the luxury tax on boats and aircraft ; and ( iv ) a tax credit of up to $3,750 to help poor families finance health insurance premiums .
proposed permanent tax changes included ( i ) a phased reduction in capital gains tax from its current level of 28 per cent to 15.4 per cent on [skills] held for three or more years , to 19.6 per cent for [skills] held for two years and to 23.8 per cent for [skills] held for one year ; ( ii ) greater flexibility for individual retirement accounts ( iras ) ; ( iii ) the repeal of the luxury tax on boats and aircraft ; and ( iv ) a tax credit of up to $3,750 to help poor families finance health insurance premiums .

The interstate commission responsible for drafting the criteria for dividing Soviet assets abroad met in Minsk on Jan. 25 , chaired by Byelarussian Foreign Minister Petr Kravchenko .
the interstate commission responsible for drafting the criteria for dividing soviet [skills] abroad met in minsk on jan. 25 , chaired by byelarussian foreign minister petr kravchenko .

The commission had begun to draw up an inventory of assets .
the commission had begun to draw up an inventory of [skills] .

He appealed for international support for Ukraine 's claim to an equivalent proportion of Soviet assets abroad , and criticized the inter-republican agreement of Dec. 5 on the division of debt , which Ukraine had refused to sign [ see p. 38656 ] .
he appealed for international support for ukraine 's claim to an equivalent proportion of soviet [skills] abroad , and criticized the inter-republican agreement of dec. 5 on the division of debt , which ukraine had refused to sign [ see p. 38656 ] .

On Jan. 11 Italy unblocked up to 10 per cent of frozen Iraqi assets to pay for Italian exports .
on jan. 11 italy unblocked up to 10 per cent of frozen iraqi [skills] to pay for italian exports .

In a national broadcast on Jan. 24 Menem said that Argentina was in a state of " moral emergency " due to corruption ; he announced that government and military officials and employees of state enterprises would be required to submit a list of their assets , and he promised a purge of his personal advisers .
in a national broadcast on jan. 24 menem said that argentina was in a state of " moral emergency " due to corruption ; he announced that government and military officials and employees of state enterprises would be required to submit a list of their [skills] , and he promised a purge of his personal advisers .

Swiss ruling on Marcos assets
swiss ruling on marcos [skills]

The Swiss Federal Tribunal ( supreme court ) issued a ruling on Dec. 27 , 1990 , which opened the way for the Philippines government to recover assets embezzled by ex-President Ferdinand Marcos which had been secreted in Swiss bank accounts .
the swiss federal tribunal ( supreme court ) issued a ruling on dec. 27 , 1990 , which opened the way for the philippines government to recover [skills] embezzled by ex-president ferdinand marcos which had been secreted in swiss bank accounts .

The Tribunal rejected appeals by lawyers acting for the Marcos 's heirs , including his wife , Imelda Marcos , against earlier decisions by the Swiss cantons of Fribourg and Zürich to give legal assistance to the Philippines government in its efforts to recover the assets , variously estimated as amounting to between $330,000,000 and $500,000,000 .
the tribunal rejected appeals by lawyers acting for the marcos 's heirs , including his wife , imelda marcos , against earlier decisions by the swiss cantons of fribourg and zürich to give legal assistance to the philippines government in its efforts to recover the [skills] , variously estimated as amounting to between $330,000,000 and $500,000,000 .

The Tribunal 's ruling stipulated , however , that the funds could be returned to the Philippines only after a Philippines court had issued a " legally binding verdict " on whether the assets were to be confiscated or given back to their claimants .
the tribunal 's ruling stipulated , however , that the funds could be returned to the philippines only after a philippines court had issued a " legally binding verdict " on whether the [skills] were to be confiscated or given back to their claimants .

Auction of Marcos assets
auction of marcos [skills]

Police reports alleged that raids on Ershad 's residence after his arrest on Dec. 12 [ see p. 37907 ] had revealed assets in excess of those which could have been expected from a presidential income , as well as large quantities of unlicensed firearms .
police reports alleged that raids on ershad 's residence after his arrest on dec. 12 [ see p. 37907 ] had revealed [skills] in excess of those which could have been expected from a presidential income , as well as large quantities of unlicensed firearms .

Confiscation of foreign oil assets
confiscation of foreign oil [skills]

Mehta 's assets , as well as those of 30 other individuals and companies implicated in the case , were seized on June 8 ; on June 14 the government announced that it had frozen the assets of three senior bank officials of the State Bank of India .
mehta 's [skills] , as well as those of 30 other individuals and companies implicated in the case , were seized on june 8 ; on june 14 the government announced that it had frozen the [skills] of three senior bank officials of the state bank of india .

The demonstrators , from the opposition Azat , Jeltoksan and Republican parties , demanded a new government and expropriation of the former Communist Party 's assets for the benefit of other parties .
the demonstrators , from the opposition azat , jeltoksan and republican parties , demanded a new government and expropriation of the former communist party 's [skills] for the benefit of other parties .

The privatization programme envisaged that 25 per cent of state enterprises would be sold by the end of 1992 ; about 25 categories of assets were to remain in state ownership , however , including natural resources and strategic enterprises .
the privatization programme envisaged that 25 per cent of state enterprises would be sold by the end of 1992 ; about 25 categories of [skills] were to remain in state ownership , however , including natural resources and strategic enterprises .

The new government plan included a system of protection for witnesses turning state evidence , a toughening of bail conditions , and provisions for the police to hold suspects for up to 48 hours without charge and to suspend for 12 months any financial operation suspected of involving Mafia assets .
the new government plan included a system of protection for witnesses turning state evidence , a toughening of bail conditions , and provisions for the police to hold suspects for up to 48 hours without charge and to suspend for 12 months any financial operation suspected of involving mafia [skills] .

The Moderate Party and the Liberal Party had campaigned on a closely-aligned platform ( the so-called " New Start for Sweden " plan ) , calling for tax cuts , curbs on government spending , privatization of state assets and greater choice in education and health .
the moderate party and the liberal party had campaigned on a closely-aligned platform ( the so-called " new start for sweden " plan ) , calling for tax cuts , curbs on government spending , privatization of state [skills] and greater choice in education and health .

The Communist Party continued to have a strong base in local government , although on Nov. 16 , 1990 , legislation was adopted by the Federal Assembly confiscating its assets [ see p. 37865 ] .
the communist party continued to have a strong base in local government , although on nov. 16 , 1990 , legislation was adopted by the federal assembly confiscating its [skills] [ see p. 37865 ] .

According to the government 's privatization strategy , by 1994 the proportion of state assets should be reduced to below 50 per cent , with foreign ownership reaching 25 per cent .
according to the government 's privatization strategy , by 1994 the proportion of state [skills] should be reduced to below 50 per cent , with foreign ownership reaching 25 per cent .

The Russian Federation government proposed the privatization of 70 per cent of the republic 's property and assets in a plan announced by Deputy Premier Mikhail Maley on 2 June .
the russian federation government proposed the privatization of 70 per cent of the republic 's property and [skills] in a plan announced by deputy premier mikhail maley on 2 june .

The privatisation programme , it was proposed , would take place in three stages , with not less than 20 per cent of the republic 's assets in private hands by the end of 1992 .
the privatisation programme , it was proposed , would take place in three stages , with not less than 20 per cent of the republic 's [skills] in private hands by the end of 1992 .

The nuclear assets and liabilities of the former nationalized Scottish electricity boards had already been transferred to Scottish Nuclear which , as with the English nuclear power industry , remained wholly government-owned .
the nuclear [skills] and liabilities of the former nationalized scottish electricity boards had already been transferred to scottish nuclear which , as with the english nuclear power industry , remained wholly government-owned .

It undertook to pass a law by Dec. 31 ensuring that Ukrainian conscripts served only on Ukrainian soil ; called for formation of a parliamentary commission to discuss nationalizing Communist Party assets ; asserted that the Ukraine would not enter into a new union treaty before a new constitution creating a sovereign Ukraine was drafted ; and called a referendum in 1991 `` on confidence in the Ukrainian President `` , the result of which would determine whether to hold fresh elections by the end of the year .
it undertook to pass a law by dec. 31 ensuring that ukrainian conscripts served only on ukrainian soil ; called for formation of a parliamentary commission to discuss nationalizing communist party [skills] ; asserted that the ukraine would not enter into a new union treaty before a new constitution creating a sovereign ukraine was drafted ; and called a referendum in 1991 `` on confidence in the ukrainian president `` , the result of which would determine whether to hold fresh elections by the end of the year .

The Court found that the government could legitimately return assets which were now in state ownership ; however , it objected to proposals to accompany the return of confiscated lands with payment of only partial compensation to present private owners ( principally farm co-operatives ) .
the court found that the government could legitimately return [skills] which were now in state ownership ; however , it objected to proposals to accompany the return of confiscated lands with payment of only partial compensation to present private owners ( principally farm co-operatives ) .

[ Article 16 concerned the preservation of cultural assets of the other party on their territory and the return of those cultural treasures illegally removed or misappropriated , which are on their territory .
[ article 16 concerned the preservation of cultural [skills] of the other party on their territory and the return of those cultural treasures illegally removed or misappropriated , which are on their territory .

Shorter prison terms would be considered for traffickers who acknowledged their crimes , identified accomplices and turned over their assets .
shorter prison terms would be considered for traffickers who acknowledged their crimes , identified accomplices and turned over their [skills] .

The provisions of the bill distinguished destatization — meaning the transfer of state assets to joint stock companies — from privatization ( the sale of shares to private individuals ) .
the provisions of the bill distinguished destatization — meaning the transfer of state [skills] to joint stock companies — from privatization ( the sale of shares to private individuals ) .

The figures showed assets of 638,364 million roubles , backed by over 374 tonnes of gold , but the bank was said to be overburdened with credit of 462,060 million roubles to union and republican finance ministries ( only 23,646 million roubles of which went to republican ministries ) .
the figures showed [skills] of 638,364 million roubles , backed by over 374 tonnes of gold , but the bank was said to be overburdened with credit of 462,060 million roubles to union and republican finance ministries ( only 23,646 million roubles of which went to republican ministries ) .

Economic uncertainty and a return to a monthly inflation rate of over 24 per cent had prompted an increasing trend for people to convert their assets into gold and dollars .
economic uncertainty and a return to a monthly inflation rate of over 24 per cent had prompted an increasing trend for people to convert their [skills] into gold and dollars .

The Punjab government on Oct. 21 ordered the freezing of the assets of 113 directors and sponsors implicated in a recent financial co-operatives scandal [ see p. 38438 ] .
the punjab government on oct. 21 ordered the freezing of the [skills] of 113 directors and sponsors implicated in a recent financial co-operatives scandal [ see p. 38438 ] .

Seizure of Union Carbide assets
seizure of union carbide [skills]

If convicted on all counts the defendants could face maximum prison sentences of 475-525 years , together with $ 17,000,000 in fines and the forfeiture of $ 265,000,000 worth of assets .
if convicted on all counts the defendants could face maximum prison sentences of 475-525 years , together with $ 17,000,000 in fines and the forfeiture of $ 265,000,000 worth of [skills] .

Seizure of Chatichai 's assets
seizure of chatichai 's [skills]

The Assets Verification Committee , set up in the aftermath of the February coup to examine allegations of high-level corruption , on Nov. 26 ordered the seizure of the assets of former Prime Minister Gen. Chatichai Choonhaven and his close aide Pitak Intrawitanunt .
the [skills] verification committee , set up in the aftermath of the february coup to examine allegations of high-level corruption , on nov. 26 ordered the seizure of the [skills] of former prime minister gen. chatichai choonhaven and his close aide pitak intrawitanunt .

They gave the armed forces broad powers to take the initiative from the local civilian authorities to expropriate property and financial assets , to mobilize the population and institutions in emergency zones , and to enter the universities and prisons , regarded as centres of recruitment and indoctrination for the Maoist Shining Path ( Sendero Luminoso ) guerrilla group .
they gave the armed forces broad powers to take the initiative from the local civilian authorities to expropriate property and financial [skills] , to mobilize the population and institutions in emergency zones , and to enter the universities and prisons , regarded as centres of recruitment and indoctrination for the maoist shining path ( sendero luminoso ) guerrilla group .

Release of UK-held Iraqi assets
release of uk-held iraqi [skills]

The government promised in February 1991 to continue with the sale of state assets .
the government promised in february 1991 to continue with the sale of state [skills] .

Opposition politicians on Sept. 5 alleged that senior officials were involved in corruption and influence peddling in relation to the privatization of state assets .
opposition politicians on sept. 5 alleged that senior officials were involved in corruption and influence peddling in relation to the privatization of state [skills] .

Agreements with the United Kingdom covering anti-terrorist measures first reported in January [ see p. 38727 ] , including using the sanction of confiscating assets , were signed in London on Sept. 22 .
agreements with the united kingdom covering anti-terrorist measures first reported in january [ see p. 38727 ] , including using the sanction of confiscating [skills] , were signed in london on sept. 22 .

Division of assets would be on the basis of the size of each republic 's population , Slovakia having approximately half the population of Bohemia-Moravia ; it was reported that no financial compensation would be paid by either republic to the other .
division of [skills] would be on the basis of the size of each republic 's population , slovakia having approximately half the population of bohemia-moravia ; it was reported that no financial compensation would be paid by either republic to the other .

Proposals for tax adjustments included the replacement of the taxation of assets by a profits tax .
proposals for tax adjustments included the replacement of the taxation of [skills] by a profits tax .

It was also agreed to divide the armed forces , military assets and equipment , foreign reserves and foreign debt in the ratio 2:1 , reflecting the populations of the Czech and Slovak republics .
it was also agreed to divide the armed forces , military [skills] and equipment , foreign reserves and foreign debt in the ratio 2:1 , reflecting the populations of the czech and slovak republics .

After a heated debate and several inconclusive votes the Federal Assembly on Nov. 13 approved a bill on the division of federal assets , one of the main outstanding issues .
after a heated debate and several inconclusive votes the federal assembly on nov. 13 approved a bill on the division of federal [skills] , one of the main outstanding issues .

He also promised to continue his programme of political and economic restructuring , which included the streamlining of the public service and the sale of government assets and of a selected number of state-owned companies .
he also promised to continue his programme of political and economic restructuring , which included the streamlining of the public service and the sale of government [skills] and of a selected number of state-owned companies .

Confiscation of Communist Party assets — Earlier party developments
confiscation of communist party [skills] — earlier party developments

The Federal Assembly on Nov. 16 adopted legislation confiscating Communist Party ( CPCz ) assets .
the federal assembly on nov. 16 adopted legislation confiscating communist party ( cpcz ) [skills] .

In proposing the bill , the federal government assessed that the assets had been acquired illegally , and gave the CPCz an `` undemocratic `` advantage over other parties .
in proposing the bill , the federal government assessed that the [skills] had been acquired illegally , and gave the cpcz an `` undemocratic `` advantage over other parties .

Confiscation of former ruling party 's assets
confiscation of former ruling party 's [skills]

On April 30 a television programme had claimed that the Labour Party had hosted secret fund-raising dinners for prominent business executives , that certain companies had made significant secret contributions to the party 's campaign fund , and that these had subsequently profited from sales of state assets .
on april 30 a television programme had claimed that the labour party had hosted secret fund-raising dinners for prominent business executives , that certain companies had made significant secret contributions to the party 's campaign fund , and that these had subsequently profited from sales of state [skills] .

Despite continued widespread opposition the Labour government in 1990 continued with its policy of selling off state assets as a means of reducing domestic and foreign debt .
despite continued widespread opposition the labour government in 1990 continued with its policy of selling off state [skills] as a means of reducing domestic and foreign debt .

On March 24 bills were presented covering ( i ) the handling and utilization of undertakings scheduled to remain public concerns ; ( ii ) the sale , utilization and protection of assets temporarily in state ownership ( i.e. scheduled for privatization ) , and ( iii ) amendments to existing outdated decrees on state assets .
on march 24 bills were presented covering ( i ) the handling and utilization of undertakings scheduled to remain public concerns ; ( ii ) the sale , utilization and protection of [skills] temporarily in state ownership ( i.e. scheduled for privatization ) , and ( iii ) amendments to existing outdated decrees on state [skills] .

However , while Russia was in favour of taking on all the assets and commitments of the former Soviet Union individually , Ukraine insisted that the various republics should service the debt separately .
however , while russia was in favour of taking on all the [skills] and commitments of the former soviet union individually , ukraine insisted that the various republics should service the debt separately .

Seizure of oil assets
seizure of oil [skills]

The court appointed Robert Ramsay , a Western Australian accountant , as trustee , and directed him to recover any assets of the Bond estate .
the court appointed robert ramsay , a western australian accountant , as trustee , and directed him to recover any [skills] of the bond estate .

He said that the aim had been the overthrow of President Mikhail Gorbachev , and the takeover of the Soviet government by `` advocates of swift privatization `` , who would have sold the country 's assets to the highest bidders .
he said that the aim had been the overthrow of president mikhail gorbachev , and the takeover of the soviet government by `` advocates of swift privatization `` , who would have sold the country 's [skills] to the highest bidders .

Under the plan there were to be changes in public finance policy ; budget deficits were to be limited to 10 per cent of total revenue ; government bonds were to be issued on the Muscat securities market to replace dependence on foreign borrowing ; the state general reserve fund was to be strengthened by a transfer of oil revenues ; a contingency fund was to be created to `` cope with any international or domestic variables `` ; and privatization of selected assets was to go ahead .
under the plan there were to be changes in public finance policy ; budget deficits were to be limited to 10 per cent of total revenue ; government bonds were to be issued on the muscat securities market to replace dependence on foreign borrowing ; the state general reserve fund was to be strengthened by a transfer of oil revenues ; a contingency fund was to be created to `` cope with any international or domestic variables `` ; and privatization of selected [skills] was to go ahead .

It also assumes that providers are free to manage their assets and personnel to maximise efficiency gains .
it also assumes that providers are free to manage their [skills] and personnel to maximise efficiency gains .

Profit and the rate of return on assets , it is alleged , defines the `` bottom line `` for managers in the private sector .
profit and the rate of return on [skills] , it is alleged , defines the `` bottom line `` for managers in the private sector .

Respect for the franchisee 's autonomy : the original meanings of the word franchise , in other words , independence and freedom , are particularly apt in the case of the company 's franchise system in which the franchisee is the true owner of the business and therefore has control over his assets .
respect for the franchisee 's autonomy : the original meanings of the word franchise , in other words , independence and freedom , are particularly apt in the case of the company 's franchise system in which the franchisee is the true owner of the business and therefore has control over his [skills] .

If a proposed merger is likely to lead to the merged firms having a market share greater than one quarter or alternatively involves assets in excess of £30 million , then it may be referred to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission .
if a proposed merger is likely to lead to the merged firms having a market share greater than one quarter or alternatively involves [skills] in excess of £30 million , then it may be referred to the monopolies and mergers commission .

This broad principle applies as much to transactions involving the sale and purchase of productive assets ( and shares representing them ) as to other commercial transactions .
this broad principle applies as much to transactions involving the sale and purchase of productive [skills] ( and shares representing them ) as to other commercial transactions .

Government should not normally intervene in the market 's decisions about the use to which assets should be put , since private decision-makers will usually seek ( and are usually the best placed to achieve ) the most profitable employment for their assets , and in competitive markets this will generally lead to the most efficient use of those assets , for the benefit of both their owners and the economy as a whole .
government should not normally intervene in the market 's decisions about the use to which [skills] should be put , since private decision-makers will usually seek ( and are usually the best placed to achieve ) the most profitable employment for their [skills] , and in competitive markets this will generally lead to the most efficient use of those [skills] , for the benefit of both their owners and the economy as a whole .

( d ) To acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the Company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .
( d ) to acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and [skills] of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .

( h ) To borrow and raise money in any manner and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed , raised or owing by mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or other security upon the whole or any part of the Company 's property or assets ( whether present or future ) , including its uncalled capital , and also by a similar mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or security to secure and guarantee the performance by the Company of any obligation or liability it may undertake or which may become binding on it .
( h ) to borrow and raise money in any manner and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed , raised or owing by mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or other security upon the whole or any part of the company 's property or [skills] ( whether present or future ) , including its uncalled capital , and also by a similar mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or security to secure and guarantee the performance by the company of any obligation or liability it may undertake or which may become binding on it .

Subject to Section 310 of the Act , every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under Sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the Act in which relief is granted to him by the Court , and no Director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the Company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .
subject to section 310 of the act , every director or other officer of the company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the [skills] of the company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the act in which relief is granted to him by the court , and no director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .

( d ) To acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and assets of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the Company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .
( d ) to acquire or undertake the whole or any part of the business , goodwill , and [skills] of any person , firm , or company carrying on or proposing to carry on the business or any part of the business which the company is authorised to carry on and as part of the consideration for such acquisition to undertake all or any of the liabilities of such person , firm or company , or to acquire an interest in , amalgamate with , or enter into partnership or into any arrangement for sharing profits , or for co-operation , or for mutual assistance with any such person , firm or company , or for subsidising or otherwise assisting any person , firm or company , and to give or accept by way of consideration for any of the acts or things aforesaid or property acquired , any shares , debentures , debenture stock or securities that may be agreed upon , and to hold and retain , or sell , mortgage and deal with any shares , debentures , debenture stock of securities so received .

( h ) To borrow and raise money in any manner and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed , raised or owing by mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or other security upon the whole or any part of the Company 's property or assets ( whether present or future ) , including its uncalled capital , and also by a similar mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or security to secure and guarantee the performance by the Company of any obligation or liability it may undertake or which may become binding on it .
( h ) to borrow and raise money in any manner and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed , raised or owing by mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or other security upon the whole or any part of the company 's property or [skills] ( whether present or future ) , including its uncalled capital , and also by a similar mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or security to secure and guarantee the performance by the company of any obligation or liability it may undertake or which may become binding on it .

Subject to Section 310 of the Act , every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under Sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the Act in which relief is granted to him by the Court , and no Director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the Company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .
subject to section 310 of the act , every director or other officer of the company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the [skills] of the company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the act in which relief is granted to him by the court , and no director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .

There would probably be no need to transfer substantial assets of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .
there would probably be no need to transfer substantial [skills] of the business into the new company and the appropriate step might be to allocate part of the solicitors ' clientele to the company partner to establish it as having a regular practice .

Manufacturing workers were aware of this situation , and at times of dispute with their employers sometimes attempted to use it to gain support from the landed rate-payers who , correctly , believed that , compared with land , the assets of manufacturers were significantly under-assessed .
manufacturing workers were aware of this situation , and at times of dispute with their employers sometimes attempted to use it to gain support from the landed rate-payers who , correctly , believed that , compared with land , the [skills] of manufacturers were significantly under-assessed .

If the body is dissolved for any reason the remaining assets shall go to some other charitable organisation .
if the body is dissolved for any reason the remaining [skills] shall go to some other charitable organisation .

Only then can we make the best possible use of all our assets !
only then can we make the best possible use of all our [skills] !

Pseudo-objectives may be set in terms of size and assets but they are descriptions of the general intention to keep going and getting bigger .
pseudo-objectives may be set in terms of size and [skills] but they are descriptions of the general intention to keep going and getting bigger .

On an acquisition level , it means only looking at the assets , market valuation and cash-flow rather than at the nature of the business .
on an acquisition level , it means only looking at the [skills] , market valuation and cash-flow rather than at the nature of the business .

It is based on the resources , assets and habits of the organisation .
it is based on the resources , [skills] and habits of the organisation .

His two principal assets are his way with words which are then followed up by fierce and uncompromising actions .
his two principal [skills] are his way with words which are then followed up by fierce and uncompromising actions .

Changes in tangible fixed assets during the year are set out in Note 13 to the Group Accounts .
changes in tangible fixed [skills] during the year are set out in note 13 to the group accounts .

In June 1992 , Wood Group acquired the assets of Thistle Engineering Services Limited .
in june 1992 , wood group acquired the [skills] of thistle engineering services limited .

Details of changes in tangible fixed assets during the year are set out in note 10 to the financial statements .
details of changes in tangible fixed [skills] during the year are set out in note 10 to the financial statements .

Expenditure incurred on tangible fixed assets is directed mainly towards enhancement of the range of services offered by the Group , improving communications and increasing emphasis on health and safety in the workplace .
expenditure incurred on tangible fixed [skills] is directed mainly towards enhancement of the range of services offered by the group , improving communications and increasing emphasis on health and safety in the workplace .

In June 1992 , the Group acquired the business and some of the assets of Thistle Engineering Services Limited .
in june 1992 , the group acquired the business and some of the [skills] of thistle engineering services limited .

Investors are rational price takers who make their selection of wealth-producing assets using risks ( standard deviation of expected returns ) and the expected returns .
investors are rational price takers who make their selection of wealth-producing [skills] using risks ( standard deviation of expected returns ) and the expected returns .

Wealth-producing assets are assumed to be infinitely divisible and taxes and transactions costs are both zero .
wealth-producing [skills] are assumed to be infinitely divisible and taxes and transactions costs are both zero .

All capital assets can be bought and sold ( long or short without restriction ) , including human capital ( i.e. investment in education and skills ) .
all capital [skills] can be bought and sold ( long or short without restriction ) , including human capital ( i.e. investment in education and skills ) .

Assuming a risk-free borrowing and lending rate , that all investment assets are marketable , that capital markets are perfect and that investors have homogeneous expectations , all investors will envisage the same efficient investment opportunities as described by the efficient frontier .
assuming a risk-free borrowing and lending rate , that all investment [skills] are marketable , that capital markets are perfect and that investors have homogeneous expectations , all investors will envisage the same efficient investment opportunities as described by the efficient frontier .

By seeking to maximise their expected utility from their investments , investors will , perforce , select the one portfolio of risky assets .
by seeking to maximise their expected utility from their investments , investors will , perforce , select the one portfolio of risky [skills] .

Thus , the separation theorem holds that there are only two portfolios in equilibrium ; the first composed of n risky assets and the second composed of the risk-free asset .
thus , the separation theorem holds that there are only two portfolios in equilibrium ; the first composed of n risky [skills] and the second composed of the risk-free asset .

In the presence of the risk-free asset the market portfolio may be identified and diversification was reduced to a process of investment in the market portfolio and the risk-free assets to derive the required risk return attributes .
in the presence of the risk-free asset the market portfolio may be identified and diversification was reduced to a process of investment in the market portfolio and the risk-free [skills] to derive the required risk return attributes .

These companies through their business of providing life assurance have to create and manage portfolios of financial assets .
these companies through their business of providing life assurance have to create and manage portfolios of financial [skills] .

Options are rights rather than assets or claims on assets .
options are rights rather than [skills] or claims on [skills] .

The right to any residual assets on the liquidation of the company .
the right to any residual [skills] on the liquidation of the company .

The trust 's assets , which consist of shareholdings in other companies , are then liquidated thus releasing the capital needed by the acquiring corporation .
the trust 's [skills] , which consist of shareholdings in other companies , are then liquidated thus releasing the capital needed by the acquiring corporation .

Values there are determined solely by ‘ real ’ considerations in this case the earning power of the firm 's assets and its investment policy and not by how the fruits of earning power are ‘ packaged ’ for distribution … .
values there are determined solely by ‘ real ’ considerations in this case the earning power of the firm 's [skills] and its investment policy and not by how the fruits of earning power are ‘ packaged ’ for distribution … .

By virtue of having a prior claim on assets and having a fixed and legally enforceable income and redemption , fixed interest debentures are usually assumed to offer less risk to the investor .
by virtue of having a prior claim on [skills] and having a fixed and legally enforceable income and redemption , fixed interest debentures are usually assumed to offer less risk to the investor .

Event risk results from the potential conflict of interest between different claimants on the firm 's assets , that is , different classes of bondholder and shareholder .
event risk results from the potential conflict of interest between different claimants on the firm 's [skills] , that is , different classes of bondholder and shareholder .

The alternative to event risk protection is to secure the bonds against the firm 's assets .
the alternative to event risk protection is to secure the bonds against the firm 's [skills] .

This is because ( 1 ) the future earnings of and dividend payments on shares are unknown and have to be forecast ; ( 2 ) there is no maturity date and hence no maturity value ; and ( 3 ) shares are the riskiest investments to hold , having the residual claim on the firm 's assets and the net income generated by these assets , so that the appropriate discount rate is very difficult to calculate .
this is because ( 1 ) the future earnings of and dividend payments on shares are unknown and have to be forecast ; ( 2 ) there is no maturity date and hence no maturity value ; and ( 3 ) shares are the riskiest investments to hold , having the residual claim on the firm 's [skills] and the net income generated by these [skills] , so that the appropriate discount rate is very difficult to calculate .

Most firms finance their assets using leverage , i.e .
most firms finance their [skills] using leverage , i.e .

Depreciation is the way in which the deterioration in the capital assets ( i.e .
depreciation is the way in which the deterioration in the capital [skills] ( i.e .

However , since the market value of second-hand assets is difficult to determine , depreciation is recorded at book value ( i.e .
however , since the market value of second-hand [skills] is difficult to determine , depreciation is recorded at book value ( i.e .

The capital allowances differ for different classes of capital assets .
the capital allowances differ for different classes of capital [skills] .

Before disposal of an asset , pooling makes no difference to the written-down values of the assets compared with no pooling .
before disposal of an asset , pooling makes no difference to the written-down values of the [skills] compared with no pooling .

However , differences arise when the assets are sold in years 3 and 4 .
however , differences arise when the [skills] are sold in years 3 and 4 .

This is the balance sheet in which both inventories and long-term assets are valued at current replacement cost .
this is the balance sheet in which both inventories and long-term [skills] are valued at current replacement cost .

Since a share is a financial claim on the firm 's real wealth in the form of its physical assets , the economic earnings of a share are defined as the maximum amount of real resources that can be withdrawn from the share and used for real consumption without impairing the ability of the share to deliver real consumption in the future .
since a share is a financial claim on the firm 's real wealth in the form of its physical [skills] , the economic earnings of a share are defined as the maximum amount of real resources that can be withdrawn from the share and used for real consumption without impairing the ability of the share to deliver real consumption in the future .

The first point to note is that , whatever their growth rates , all firms generate the same total rate of return on assets of 15 per cent , and that this is the same as the cost of capital or discount rate .
the first point to note is that , whatever their growth rates , all firms generate the same total rate of return on [skills] of 15 per cent , and that this is the same as the cost of capital or discount rate .

This is the case because all firms are in the same risk class and because in equilibrium the rate of return on assets must equal the cost of capital .
this is the case because all firms are in the same risk class and because in equilibrium the rate of return on [skills] must equal the cost of capital .

Static or declining firms are likely to be valued at less than the book value of their assets , while rapidly growing firms can be priced at many times the book value of their assets , reflecting the fact that growth adds value to the initial investment outlay .
static or declining firms are likely to be valued at less than the book value of their [skills] , while rapidly growing firms can be priced at many times the book value of their [skills] , reflecting the fact that growth adds value to the initial investment outlay .

But despite this , all firms generate the same return on assets , as we have seen .
but despite this , all firms generate the same return on [skills] , as we have seen .

But why do we value a firm in terms of its liabilities rather than its assets ?
but why do we value a firm in terms of its liabilities rather than its [skills] ?

It is certainly true that the value of the firm is equal to the sum of its assets .
it is certainly true that the value of the firm is equal to the sum of its [skills] .

However , because the market value of the liabilities is more easily determined than the market value of the assets , we generally prefer to estimate value on the basis of liabilities , not assets .
however , because the market value of the liabilities is more easily determined than the market value of the [skills] , we generally prefer to estimate value on the basis of liabilities , not [skills] .

Why , in equilibrium , will all firms in the same risk class generate the same rate of return on assets regardless of their growth rates ?
why , in equilibrium , will all firms in the same risk class generate the same rate of return on [skills] regardless of their growth rates ?

If the rate of return on assets is 17 per cent for all firms , what does this imply about the dividend yields of the four firms ?
if the rate of return on [skills] is 17 per cent for all firms , what does this imply about the dividend yields of the four firms ?

It is used to acquire fixed assets such as buildings and plant and to provide working capital .
it is used to acquire fixed [skills] such as buildings and plant and to provide working capital .

This is the money required to make up the difference between what the company can pay and what it owes at any one time or , in accounts department terms , net current assets minus current liabilities .
this is the money required to make up the difference between what the company can pay and what it owes at any one time or , in accounts department terms , net current [skills] minus current liabilities .

The essence of the balance sheet is that the sum of the fixed and current assets shall equal the capital employed , thus explaining its use in the company .
the essence of the balance sheet is that the sum of the fixed and current [skills] shall equal the capital employed , thus explaining its use in the company .

As seen in Figure 3.2 , capital employed divides between fixed assets and current assets .
as seen in figure 3.2 , capital employed divides between fixed [skills] and current [skills] .

Current assets are those that can be turned into cash at short notice , in addition to cash in hand or at the bank .
current [skills] are those that can be turned into cash at short notice , in addition to cash in hand or at the bank .

Provision for depreciation of a company 's assets is always made before calculating profit .
provision for depreciation of a company 's [skills] is always made before calculating profit .

The rationale for doing so is that consumption of capital assets is one of the costs of earning the revenues of the business and as such is paid from untaxed income under the tax authority 's rules .
the rationale for doing so is that consumption of capital [skills] is one of the costs of earning the revenues of the business and as such is paid from untaxed income under the tax authority 's rules .

Annual revaluations of assets is not the practice in all countries .
annual revaluations of [skills] is not the practice in all countries .

Liquidity is the degree to which the company assets are in the form of cash or can readily be converted into cash .
liquidity is the degree to which the company [skills] are in the form of cash or can readily be converted into cash .

Current assets are typically finished goods , work in progress , raw materials , cash and debtors .
current [skills] are typically finished goods , work in progress , raw materials , cash and debtors .

Suppliers extending credit to the company expect to see a substantial buffer of current assets to protect their claims and the ratio should not normally be allowed to fall below a given point .
suppliers extending credit to the company expect to see a substantial buffer of current [skills] to protect their claims and the ratio should not normally be allowed to fall below a given point .

Some current assets are by nature needed to maintain the company operations and would not normally be available to meet short-term obligations . The ratio measuring this ability , often called the ‘ acid test ’ is
some current [skills] are by nature needed to maintain the company operations and would not normally be available to meet short-term obligations . the ratio measuring this ability , often called the ‘ acid test ’ is

Turnover of assets , the second ratio , is a direct measure of efficiency of utilization of resources .
turnover of [skills] , the second ratio , is a direct measure of efficiency of utilization of resources .

In Edinburgh , sources in the financial community said the reason Knighton is having trouble raising the cash for a bid is that the assets are ‘ Illiquid ’ -they could not be easily sold for cash .
in edinburgh , sources in the financial community said the reason knighton is having trouble raising the cash for a bid is that the [skills] are ‘ illiquid ’ -they could not be easily sold for cash .

The offer of a loan of £20m to complete the United deal was also conditional on Knighton submitting a full statement of his assets and liabilities and full audited accounts from his companies .
the offer of a loan of £20m to complete the united deal was also conditional on knighton submitting a full statement of his [skills] and liabilities and full audited accounts from his companies .

North America , Dr Bosworth , said was on a ‘ consumption binge ’ but it could continue to live off its assets .
north america , dr bosworth , said was on a ‘ consumption binge ’ but it could continue to live off its [skills] .

With real assets worth $ 15 trillion it was a very rich country .
with real [skills] worth $ 15 trillion it was a very rich country .

It was currently financing its deficit by selling off $ 150bn worth of assets a year to other countries and by borrowing money from Japan and Europe .
it was currently financing its deficit by selling off $ 150bn worth of [skills] a year to other countries and by borrowing money from japan and europe .

Mr Stockdale , who resigned as chairman of Eagle Trust two weeks ago , paid Mr Carway to locate assets purportedly owned by Eagle .
mr stockdale , who resigned as chairman of eagle trust two weeks ago , paid mr carway to locate [skills] purportedly owned by eagle .

The balance-of-payments deficit is not as bad as it looks , partly because it stems from private sector choices rather than public sector profligacy , and is thus inherently less inflationary as individuals can not resort to the printing press to ease the burden of their debt ; and partly because much of it may be imaginary , since the figures omit the ‘ balancing item ’ of unrecorded net receipts from overseas assets .
the balance-of-payments deficit is not as bad as it looks , partly because it stems from private sector choices rather than public sector profligacy , and is thus inherently less inflationary as individuals can not resort to the printing press to ease the burden of their debt ; and partly because much of it may be imaginary , since the figures omit the ‘ balancing item ’ of unrecorded net receipts from overseas [skills] .

It currently has assets of less than £2m and in the year to last March made a pre-tax loss of £716,000 .
it currently has [skills] of less than £2m and in the year to last march made a pre-tax loss of £716,000 .

One of the movement 's greatest assets , perhaps its greatest , was its Organizing Secretary from 1895 to his death in 1910 .
one of the movement 's greatest [skills] , perhaps its greatest , was its organizing secretary from 1895 to his death in 1910 .

Later an affadavit was presented to the High Court in London supporting an application by the foundation for injunctions freezing all Aberdour 's assets to be extended to any overseas holdings .
later an affadavit was presented to the high court in london supporting an application by the foundation for injunctions freezing all aberdour 's [skills] to be extended to any overseas holdings .

Mr Paul Barry , author of The Rise and Fall of Alan Bond , estimates his hidden assets to be worth up to £22 million .
mr paul barry , author of the rise and fall of alan bond , estimates his hidden [skills] to be worth up to £22 million .

Mr Ramsay said assets in family trusts controlled by Mr Bond 's sons were not necessarily assets deemed to belong to creditors .
mr ramsay said [skills] in family trusts controlled by mr bond 's sons were not necessarily [skills] deemed to belong to creditors .

‘ It is quite in order , ’ he said , ‘ for a person to put assets into family trusts , or indeed give assets away to other parties , provided that at the time a person gives away his assets he is quite solvent . ’
‘ it is quite in order , ’ he said , ‘ for a person to put [skills] into family trusts , or indeed give [skills] away to other parties , provided that at the time a person gives away his [skills] he is quite solvent . ’

Mr Bond told the Federal Court late last year that his assets were worth less than £25,000 , although he had been receiving about £3,000 a month salary from a firm , Metals Exploration Ltd .
mr bond told the federal court late last year that his [skills] were worth less than £25,000 , although he had been receiving about £3,000 a month salary from a firm , metals exploration ltd .

Most of those closed were known as paper or ‘ brass plate ’ banks — banks in name only , with few assets but with the precious protection of confidentiality and secrecy .
most of those closed were known as paper or ‘ brass plate ’ banks — banks in name only , with few [skills] but with the precious protection of confidentiality and secrecy .

They issue certificates of deposits , often based on fictitious assets such as bogus gold mines .
they issue certificates of deposits , often based on fictitious [skills] such as bogus gold mines .

Cork Gully , appointed provisional liquidator of Kingscroft , El Paso , Lime Street and Mutual Reinsurance , has won a temporary freezing order on all their American assets and a stay on all litigation .
cork gully , appointed provisional liquidator of kingscroft , el paso , lime street and mutual reinsurance , has won a temporary freezing order on all their american [skills] and a stay on all litigation .

He also revealed a drop in net assets of almost £2 a share from 832p to 637p .
he also revealed a drop in net [skills] of almost £2 a share from 832p to 637p .

He is also asked to confirm that neither he nor his family will cause assets to be removed from the trusts .
he is also asked to confirm that neither he nor his family will cause [skills] to be removed from the trusts .

Lombard is a subsidiary of the private Swiss bank Lombard Odier & Cie and manages $ 5 billion in assets for institutional clients in America , Europe and the Middle and Far East .
lombard is a subsidiary of the private swiss bank lombard odier & cie and manages $ 5 billion in [skills] for institutional clients in america , europe and the middle and far east .

Barclays has run into a sequence of big borrowers who can not service their debts on time and can not sell their assets to repay the debts .
barclays has run into a sequence of big borrowers who can not service their debts on time and can not sell their [skills] to repay the debts .

There are only two ways out — the value of their assets must rise or the cost of their borrowing must fall .
there are only two ways out — the value of their [skills] must rise or the cost of their borrowing must fall .

Buying interest in the first quarter was focused on Germany , helped by the sale of the former East Germany 's assets .
buying interest in the first quarter was focused on germany , helped by the sale of the former east germany 's [skills] .

The international share sale is the latest in a series of foreign initiatives by Portugal 's fastest growing bank , which was started from scratch by a group of industrialists in 1985 and now ranks fourth in terms of assets in a country notorious for its profusion of banks .
the international share sale is the latest in a series of foreign initiatives by portugal 's fastest growing bank , which was started from scratch by a group of industrialists in 1985 and now ranks fourth in terms of [skills] in a country notorious for its profusion of banks .

Borrowings remain high at £457m , for gearing of 51 p.c. , but the group has squeezed capital from the housebuilding side and , if trading unexpectedly worsened , it would simply have to sell prize assets instead of peripheries .
borrowings remain high at £457m , for gearing of 51 p.c. , but the group has squeezed capital from the housebuilding side and , if trading unexpectedly worsened , it would simply have to sell prize [skills] instead of peripheries .

Defendants who are found guilty of any drug-selling offence may be stripped of all their assets , including any means of legitimate livelihood , on the presumption that all their wealth is the proceeds of crime .
defendants who are found guilty of any drug-selling offence may be stripped of all their [skills] , including any means of legitimate livelihood , on the presumption that all their wealth is the proceeds of crime .

In recent years the courts have frequently granted an injunction to restrain a defendant to a civil action from disposing of any of his assets , or removing them from the jurisdiction of the court .
in recent years the courts have frequently granted an injunction to restrain a defendant to a civil action from disposing of any of his [skills] , or removing them from the jurisdiction of the court .

But the discharge may be refused or postponed if he has been guilty of certain offences or misconduct in connection with the bankruptcy , or if his assets are insufficient for the payment of 50p in the £ , unless this is shown not to be due to the debtor 's fault .
but the discharge may be refused or postponed if he has been guilty of certain offences or misconduct in connection with the bankruptcy , or if his [skills] are insufficient for the payment of 50p in the £ , unless this is shown not to be due to the debtor 's fault .

His weapon of choice : ‘ canine assets ’ .
his weapon of choice : ‘ canine [skills] ’ .

This reluctance of lenders to repossess homes owes little to sentiment : few lenders want to sell assets into a falling market .
this reluctance of lenders to repossess homes owes little to sentiment : few lenders want to sell [skills] into a falling market .

Yet British retailers still get a better return on their assets .
yet british retailers still get a better return on their [skills] .

The group 's offshore assets are protected from post-1997 skulduggery by its Bermuda domicile .
the group 's offshore [skills] are protected from post-1997 skulduggery by its bermuda domicile .

They will cut their claims to an amount which can roughly be covered by the bank 's remaining assets of $ 2.8 billion while allowing it to carry on operating .
they will cut their claims to an amount which can roughly be covered by the bank 's remaining [skills] of $ 2.8 billion while allowing it to carry on operating .

Pearce encapsulates it as each generation ensuring that it passes on to the next an undiminished stock of assets , including environmental as well as man-made capital .
pearce encapsulates it as each generation ensuring that it passes on to the next an undiminished stock of [skills] , including environmental as well as man-made capital .

But after the company 's debacle in New York , ‘ sweating ’ assets much further may prove impossible .
but after the company 's debacle in new york , ‘ sweating ’ [skills] much further may prove impossible .

Some firms will be told to sell off non-essential assets to cut their debt .
some firms will be told to sell off non-essential [skills] to cut their debt .

Shell never fights costly bid battles , but spends $ 1.5 billion a year steadily buying oil and gas assets .
shell never fights costly bid battles , but spends $ 1.5 billion a year steadily buying oil and gas [skills] .

In times of trouble , therefore , they tend to keep a bigger share of their portfolio at home and sell some foreign assets .
in times of trouble , therefore , they tend to keep a bigger share of their portfolio at home and sell some foreign [skills] .

One study estimates that in 1987 the combined assets of all public-sector companies had a net return of 0.14 % .
one study estimates that in 1987 the combined [skills] of all public-sector companies had a net return of 0.14 % .

The government hopes that the sale of a chunk of its $ 30 billion assets will help refill its depleted treasury .
the government hopes that the sale of a chunk of its $ 30 billion [skills] will help refill its depleted treasury .

But some people worry that the private sector does not have enough cash to mop up much of this vast sale , while others fear that the government may become so involved with selling the state 's assets that it forgets about the pressing problem of widening its tax base .
but some people worry that the private sector does not have enough cash to mop up much of this vast sale , while others fear that the government may become so involved with selling the state 's [skills] that it forgets about the pressing problem of widening its tax base .

One of them provides income-earning assets to families : sewing machines , for example .
one of them provides income-earning [skills] to families : sewing machines , for example .

The allegations of personal profiteering by Mr Hussein and his family arose from a Kuwaiti-commissioned investigation into Iraq 's assets by Kroll Associates , a New York firm of financial gumshoes .
the allegations of personal profiteering by mr hussein and his family arose from a kuwaiti-commissioned investigation into iraq 's [skills] by kroll associates , a new york firm of financial gumshoes .

The Kuwaitis wanted to know if Iraq had assets that had escaped the freeze imposed in August .
the kuwaitis wanted to know if iraq had [skills] that had escaped the freeze imposed in august .

Hopes of attracting institutional cash have also been raised by a law limiting the proportion of assets that pension funds and insurance companies can hold in land , but increasing what they can hold in shares from 30 % to 50 % .
hopes of attracting institutional cash have also been raised by a law limiting the proportion of [skills] that pension funds and insurance companies can hold in land , but increasing what they can hold in shares from 30 % to 50 % .

British funds favour higher-risk assets such as equities .
british funds favour higher-risk [skills] such as equities .

Thus German funds — some conventional funds do exist there — hold 35 % of their assets in loans .
thus german funds — some conventional funds do exist there — hold 35 % of their [skills] in loans .

British funds have 86 % of their assets in marketable securities , those in Germany 44 % .
british funds have 86 % of their [skills] in marketable securities , those in germany 44 % .

Funds will need ‘ sufficient ’ assets to meet liabilities , and be ‘ sufficiently ’ diversified and ‘ sufficiently ’ liquid .
funds will need ‘ sufficient ’ [skills] to meet liabilities , and be ‘ sufficiently ’ diversified and ‘ sufficiently ’ liquid .

Banks are issuing a stream of securities backed by mortgages , credit-card receivables and other assets stripped off their balance sheets .
banks are issuing a stream of securities backed by mortgages , credit-card receivables and other [skills] stripped off their balance sheets .

For the 11 big money-centre banks whose statistics Salomon Brothers records , return on assets fell in 1990 to about 0.3 % .
for the 11 big money-centre banks whose statistics salomon brothers records , return on [skills] fell in 1990 to about 0.3 % .

Among 24 regional banks , 11 managed an acceptable return on assets of more than 1 % in 1989 , and on equity of at least 15 % .
among 24 regional banks , 11 managed an acceptable return on [skills] of more than 1 % in 1989 , and on equity of at least 15 % .

Harcourt Brace Jovanovich and Morningstar Foods were two other junk issuers who attracted similar bids from firms looking for cheap assets .
harcourt brace jovanovich and morningstar foods were two other junk issuers who attracted similar bids from firms looking for cheap [skills] .

The industry is split over whether to set itself a 20 % or 35 % ceiling on the percentage of assets that junk bonds can account for .
the industry is split over whether to set itself a 20 % or 35 % ceiling on the percentage of [skills] that junk bonds can account for .

In peseta terms , the cost of American assets has fallen by about 5 % in the past year .
in peseta terms , the cost of american [skills] has fallen by about 5 % in the past year .

Resolution Trust Corp , the agency cleaning up America 's savings and loan mess , is to sell 215 more S&Ls , with assets totalling $38 billion , by September 30th .
resolution trust corp , the agency cleaning up america 's savings and loan mess , is to sell 215 more s&ls , with [skills] totalling $38 billion , by september 30th .

Australia 's generous rules allow him to revalue intangible assets like newspaper mastheads , without saying specifically how much each asset is worth .
australia 's generous rules allow him to revalue intangible [skills] like newspaper mastheads , without saying specifically how much each asset is worth .

They say that financial institutions ' troubled assets , such as loans for property and highly-geared companies , will take years to sort out .
they say that financial institutions ' troubled [skills] , such as loans for property and highly-geared companies , will take years to sort out .

In the meantime , banks will want to shrink their assets .
in the meantime , banks will want to shrink their [skills] .

Last year 169 American banks , with $ 16 billion-worth of assets , failed ; the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation now has some 1,100 rickety banks under observation .
last year 169 american banks , with $ 16 billion-worth of [skills] , failed ; the federal deposit insurance corporation now has some 1,100 rickety banks under observation .

As part of the deal he may be forced to sell assets worth $ 2 billion within the next three years .
as part of the deal he may be forced to sell [skills] worth $ 2 billion within the next three years .

But the supply of financial assets remained rigid , especially in the case of land and shares .
but the supply of financial [skills] remained rigid , especially in the case of land and shares .

Depositors in overnight money-market accounts — which total around $ 70 billion — have seen 80 % of their assets frozen for 18 months .
depositors in overnight money-market accounts — which total around $ 70 billion — have seen 80 % of their [skills] frozen for 18 months .

The investment bankers that bought Wickes last November have already sold more than $ 400m in assets and are taking it private .
the investment bankers that bought wickes last november have already sold more than $ 400m in [skills] and are taking it private .

But these deposits constituted a small part of the total assets of the Argentines , since most people kept their wealth in dollars .
but these deposits constituted a small part of the total [skills] of the argentines , since most people kept their wealth in dollars .

This has been a favourite route in the past five years when Japanese companies have needed money to build new factories or buy assets abroad .
this has been a favourite route in the past five years when japanese companies have needed money to build new factories or buy [skills] abroad .

So some banks will be forced to rely on retained earnings for shoring up their capital-adequacy ratios — unless they are ready to put up with a much slower growth in assets ( which few seem prepared to do ) .
so some banks will be forced to rely on retained earnings for shoring up their capital-adequacy ratios — unless they are ready to put up with a much slower growth in [skills] ( which few seem prepared to do ) .

The bank , which has assets of £62 billion ( $ 100m ) , is Britain 's sickest high-street bank .
the bank , which has [skills] of £62 billion ( $ 100m ) , is britain 's sickest high-street bank .

Almost three years after his appointment as chairman and chief executive , Sir Kit McMahon has still not solved any of Midland 's three core problems : a big third-world-debt portfolio , high costs , and low-yielding assets .
almost three years after his appointment as chairman and chief executive , sir kit mcmahon has still not solved any of midland 's three core problems : a big third-world-debt portfolio , high costs , and low-yielding [skills] .

Lloyds has assets of £57.5 billion and last year made a profit , before principal third-world-debt provisions , of £910m .
lloyds has [skills] of £57.5 billion and last year made a profit , before principal third-world-debt provisions , of £910m .

Midland , with £5 billion more in assets , could only make two-thirds as much profit as Lloyds .
midland , with £5 billion more in [skills] , could only make two-thirds as much profit as lloyds .

Midland 's domestic provisions , at 1.1 % of domestic assets , are now the highest among the high-street banks .
midland 's domestic provisions , at 1.1 % of domestic [skills] , are now the highest among the high-street banks .

Growing institutional shareholder power ( pension-fund assets shot up from £40 billion in 1979 to £250 billion in 1989 ) .
growing institutional shareholder power ( pension-fund [skills] shot up from £40 billion in 1979 to £250 billion in 1989 ) .

The Free Democrats talk of selling off 35–40 % of Hungary 's business assets in 2–3 years and 80 % within ten years .
the free democrats talk of selling off 35–40 % of hungary 's business [skills] in 2–3 years and 80 % within ten years .

Selling state assets itself will bring little competition to over-centralised economies , if private monopolies replace state ones .
selling state [skills] itself will bring little competition to over-centralised economies , if private monopolies replace state ones .

At the end of last year they had $ 13 billion and $ 9 billion of net assets respectively , according to Lipper Analytical Services .
at the end of last year they had $ 13 billion and $ 9 billion of net [skills] respectively , according to lipper analytical services .

Domestic loans a year ago accounted for only 35 % of life-assurance companies ' ¥116 trillion in assets ; they expect to allocate up to 60 % in the present financial year .
domestic loans a year ago accounted for only 35 % of life-assurance companies ' ¥116 trillion in [skills] ; they expect to allocate up to 60 % in the present financial year .

For the first time in 42 years , the seven biggest companies reported a smaller rise in assets in the financial year to March 31st than in the year before , as uncompetitive savings policies matured and were not renewed .
for the first time in 42 years , the seven biggest companies reported a smaller rise in [skills] in the financial year to march 31st than in the year before , as uncompetitive savings policies matured and were not renewed .

The frequency of such bids has made it seem that stockmarket valuations are arbitrary , that bidders are stealing money from somebody else rather than creating wealth , and that American and British managers spend too much time shuffling assets and too little investing ( that is , building factories ) for the future .
the frequency of such bids has made it seem that stockmarket valuations are arbitrary , that bidders are stealing money from somebody else rather than creating wealth , and that american and british managers spend too much time shuffling [skills] and too little investing ( that is , building factories ) for the future .

The sums are complicated by another factor : when a bond goes into default , an investor can expect to recover some of its value when assets are sold off .
the sums are complicated by another factor : when a bond goes into default , an investor can expect to recover some of its value when [skills] are sold off .

If a firm made an issue thinking that Japanese assets were overpriced , it would be more sensible to invest the proceeds in assets thought to be underpriced , such as American buildings or companies .
if a firm made an issue thinking that japanese [skills] were overpriced , it would be more sensible to invest the proceeds in [skills] thought to be underpriced , such as american buildings or companies .

Their ratio of debts to total assets had fallen below 30 % , having ranged between 40 % and 50 % for most of the 1960s and 1970s .
their ratio of debts to total [skills] had fallen below 30 % , having ranged between 40 % and 50 % for most of the 1960s and 1970s .

Their capital , required by Bank for International Settlements ' rules to exceed 8 % of their assets , has been depleted by the stockmarket 's fall .
their capital , required by bank for international settlements ' rules to exceed 8 % of their [skills] , has been depleted by the stockmarket 's fall .

When the 1980s began , they relied on banks for 71 % of their external financing and carried debts equal to 68 % of their assets .
when the 1980s began , they relied on banks for 71 % of their external financing and carried debts equal to 68 % of their [skills] .

By 1988 bank borrowing accounted for only 53 % of their external financing ; debt equalled only 63 % of their assets .
by 1988 bank borrowing accounted for only 53 % of their external financing ; debt equalled only 63 % of their [skills] .

Notably , they have shuffled assets with just as much vigour .
notably , they have shuffled [skills] with just as much vigour .

But that still leaves it with about 16m people , vast assets and a formidable ability to mobilise and disrupt .
but that still leaves it with about 16m people , vast [skills] and a formidable ability to mobilise and disrupt .

Based on the other findings of the study , a focus on cash flow ( or sellability of assets ) to pay down the debt would be more fruitful .
based on the other findings of the study , a focus on cash flow ( or sellability of [skills] ) to pay down the debt would be more fruitful .

Shareholders ' equity of ¥44.6 billion represents nearly 60 % of total assets .
shareholders ' equity of ¥44.6 billion represents nearly 60 % of total [skills] .

Chapter 11 works by allowing top management to get the firm out of trouble by drawing up a rescue plan that can involve restructuring the firm and writing down creditors ' claims on its assets .
chapter 11 works by allowing top management to get the firm out of trouble by drawing up a rescue plan that can involve restructuring the firm and writing down creditors ' claims on its [skills] .

Without chapter 11 , if a firm were shut down and its assets sold off , the spoils would go first to senior creditors — banks and others that had lent the firm money .
without chapter 11 , if a firm were shut down and its [skills] sold off , the spoils would go first to senior creditors — banks and others that had lent the firm money .

They may lose both because of missed interest payments and because of the legal fees that have to be paid from the firm 's shrunken assets .
they may lose both because of missed interest payments and because of the legal fees that have to be paid from the firm 's shrunken [skills] .

Instead , it would take over some assets , often the least valuable ones .
instead , it would take over some [skills] , often the least valuable ones .

Mr Goria plans to liquidate Federconsorzi 's assets in order to pay off some of the group 's debt ( although he is unlikely to force the group into formal bankruptcy ) .
mr goria plans to liquidate federconsorzi 's [skills] in order to pay off some of the group 's debt ( although he is unlikely to force the group into formal bankruptcy ) .

In looking for buyers for the gold-producing assets , Hanson has been helped by the recent upturn in the gold price .
in looking for buyers for the gold-producing [skills] , hanson has been helped by the recent upturn in the gold price .

It is a massive redistribution of wealth from one owner ( the Government , on behalf of everyone in the country ) to a much narrower segment of the population ( the 4 to 5 million likely to take up the offer ) who will be able to buy the assets at a discount .
it is a massive redistribution of wealth from one owner ( the government , on behalf of everyone in the country ) to a much narrower segment of the population ( the 4 to 5 million likely to take up the offer ) who will be able to buy the [skills] at a discount .

Mr Ritblat said yesterday that he was prepared to sell the properties off piecemeal and had put no timescale on the disposal of assets , but that it was conceivable that a big foreign investor might move in to buy the portfolio in its entirety .
mr ritblat said yesterday that he was prepared to sell the properties off piecemeal and had put no timescale on the disposal of [skills] , but that it was conceivable that a big foreign investor might move in to buy the portfolio in its entirety .

Along with the rest of the property sector , British Land 's shares have been trading at a considerable discount to its assets per share , and yesterday 's move is an attempt to close the 40 per cent gap which built up as institutions took a dimmer view of the market .
along with the rest of the property sector , british land 's shares have been trading at a considerable discount to its [skills] per share , and yesterday 's move is an attempt to close the 40 per cent gap which built up as institutions took a dimmer view of the market .

Alternatively , it may be able to muster enough support from SeaCo shareholders to halt the current disposal of assets by Mr Sherwood for its bid with Stena to be fully considered .
alternatively , it may be able to muster enough support from seaco shareholders to halt the current disposal of [skills] by mr sherwood for its bid with stena to be fully considered .

The price the Government has put on the water industry is a small fraction of the values of the assets shown in the prospectus .
the price the government has put on the water industry is a small fraction of the values of the [skills] shown in the prospectus .

Between the 1st day of July 1987 and the 15th day of October 1987 conspired together and with other persons fraudulently to induce persons to enter into agreements for acquiring or subscribing for securities , namely shares in Blue Arrow plc , by making statements which they knew to be misleading , false or deceptive or by dishonestly concealing material facts or by recklessly making statements which were misleading , false or deceptive namely : 1.1 By failing to notify the Company Announcements Office of the Quotations Department of the International Stock Exchange by way of a Class 2 announcement ( as provided for by Section 6 of the Council of the Stock Exchange 's admission of securities to listing ) following the purchase of shares in Manpower Incorporated for a consideration in excess of 5 per cent of the consolidated net assets of Blue Arrow ; 1.2 By concealing the fact that the level of Acceptances of provisionally allotted new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow was 38.04 per cent at the expiry of the offer by way of rights issue at 3pm on September 28 , 1987 ; 1.3 By concealing the fact that 54,625,000 new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow were taken up after 3pm on September 28 , 1987 ; 1.4 By falsely stating that , in connection with the rights issue of 504.4 million new ordinary shares in Blue Arrow , acceptances had been received in respect of 246.5 million shares which represented 48.9 per cent of the rights issue .
between the 1st day of july 1987 and the 15th day of october 1987 conspired together and with other persons fraudulently to induce persons to enter into agreements for acquiring or subscribing for securities , namely shares in blue arrow plc , by making statements which they knew to be misleading , false or deceptive or by dishonestly concealing material facts or by recklessly making statements which were misleading , false or deceptive namely : 1.1 by failing to notify the company announcements office of the quotations department of the international stock exchange by way of a class 2 announcement ( as provided for by section 6 of the council of the stock exchange 's admission of securities to listing ) following the purchase of shares in manpower incorporated for a consideration in excess of 5 per cent of the consolidated net [skills] of blue arrow ; 1.2 by concealing the fact that the level of acceptances of provisionally allotted new ordinary shares in blue arrow was 38.04 per cent at the expiry of the offer by way of rights issue at 3pm on september 28 , 1987 ; 1.3 by concealing the fact that 54,625,000 new ordinary shares in blue arrow were taken up after 3pm on september 28 , 1987 ; 1.4 by falsely stating that , in connection with the rights issue of 504.4 million new ordinary shares in blue arrow , acceptances had been received in respect of 246.5 million shares which represented 48.9 per cent of the rights issue .

The Revenue conceedes that it will mean the virtual end of some 15,000 small schemes with £3 billion in assets .
the revenue conceedes that it will mean the virtual end of some 15,000 small schemes with £3 billion in [skills] .

The Guardian , which has 80,000 investors , 35,000 borrowers and assets of £1 billion , is an unusual case in that its reserves are higher than those of many societies .
the guardian , which has 80,000 investors , 35,000 borrowers and [skills] of £1 billion , is an unusual case in that its reserves are higher than those of many societies .

However , building society merger rules , allow for a maximum 1 per cent of assets to be distributed among members in this case .
however , building society merger rules , allow for a maximum 1 per cent of [skills] to be distributed among members in this case .

The rules were imposed on privatised companies in the wake of political trouble over the lucrative sale of undervalued assets like British Aerospace 's disposal of Royal Ordnance factories which had been in the public sector for centuries .
the rules were imposed on privatised companies in the wake of political trouble over the lucrative sale of undervalued [skills] like british aerospace 's disposal of royal ordnance factories which had been in the public sector for centuries .

It is a massive redistribution of wealth from one owner ( the Government , on behalf of everyone in the country ) to a much narrower segment of the population ( the 4 to 5 million likely to take up the offer ) who will be able to buy the assets at a discount .
it is a massive redistribution of wealth from one owner ( the government , on behalf of everyone in the country ) to a much narrower segment of the population ( the 4 to 5 million likely to take up the offer ) who will be able to buy the [skills] at a discount .

In return , they are being granted a secondary charge over the group 's assets .
in return , they are being granted a secondary charge over the group 's [skills] .

Lenders to Heron Corporation , which operates the British subsidiaries , are barely affected ; this subsidiary has £325m of debt and net assets of £425m .
lenders to heron corporation , which operates the british subsidiaries , are barely affected ; this subsidiary has £325m of debt and net [skills] of £425m .

But investors do need to be wary of new-style income shares — such as those issued by Olim Convertible , Kleinwort High Income and Edinburgh Income — which rely more heavily on growth in the underlying assets to prevent substantial capital loss .
but investors do need to be wary of new-style income shares — such as those issued by olim convertible , kleinwort high income and edinburgh income — which rely more heavily on growth in the underlying [skills] to prevent substantial capital loss .

And zero shareholders have preferential rights to trusts ' assets when they are wound up .
and zero shareholders have preferential rights to trusts ' [skills] when they are wound up .

The public sector itself , like any prudent business , will continue to sell assets which it no longer needs .
the public sector itself , like any prudent business , will continue to sell [skills] which it no longer needs .

Ronson told bankers that the March 31 accounts would show net assets had fallen to £135 million compared with £585 million previously .
ronson told bankers that the march 31 accounts would show net [skills] had fallen to £135 million compared with £585 million previously .

‘ For most of the past three years , ’ he writes , ‘ banks ' customers have been unable to service their debts out of income growth , with the result that many have been and will be forced to shrink their non-interest expenditures or sell assets in order to pay bank interest .
‘ for most of the past three years , ’ he writes , ‘ banks ' customers have been unable to service their debts out of income growth , with the result that many have been and will be forced to shrink their non-interest expenditures or sell [skills] in order to pay bank interest .

But despite all these obvious assets , Morocco 's countryside is still unspoilt by mass tourism .
but despite all these obvious [skills] , morocco 's countryside is still unspoilt by mass tourism .

Liberal Democrats aim to build an economy which is not only competitive and enterprising but also environmentally sustainable , leaving future generations a wealth inheritance — of knowledge , technology , capital and environmental assets — at least as great as that inherited by the current generation . Our proposals are :
liberal democrats aim to build an economy which is not only competitive and enterprising but also environmentally sustainable , leaving future generations a wealth inheritance — of knowledge , technology , capital and environmental [skills] — at least as great as that inherited by the current generation . our proposals are :

The United Kingdom has been through 13 years in which unemployment has more than doubled , irreplaceable assets have been wasted , markets at home and abroad have been lost , manufacturing investment has fallen , poverty has increased , the crime rate has rocketed , and talents have been neglected .
the united kingdom has been through 13 years in which unemployment has more than doubled , irreplaceable [skills] have been wasted , markets at home and abroad have been lost , manufacturing investment has fallen , poverty has increased , the crime rate has rocketed , and talents have been neglected .

The English language is one of our nations ' greatest assets — culturally , politically and commercially .
the english language is one of our nations ' greatest [skills] — culturally , politically and commercially .

It falls only on those who do not dispose of their assets seven years or more before their death .
it falls only on those who do not dispose of their [skills] seven years or more before their death .

Millions of people have been given the same chance to own a real share in the nation 's assets .
millions of people have been given the same chance to own a real share in the nation 's [skills] .

We announced in the Budget new measures to help small businesses , including full relief against Inheritance Tax on most business assets , reductions in business rates and proposals to speed up the payment of outstanding bills .
we announced in the budget new measures to help small businesses , including full relief against inheritance tax on most business [skills] , reductions in business rates and proposals to speed up the payment of outstanding bills .

They propose to take away the courts ' most important sanction — the power to take over a union 's assets .
they propose to take away the courts ' most important sanction — the power to take over a union 's [skills] .

One of the country 's foremost insurance underwriters , with roots dating back to 1720 and currently handles assets exceeding £8,500 million , Guardian Royal Exchange has an excellent reputation for courteous and prompt service .
one of the country 's foremost insurance underwriters , with roots dating back to 1720 and currently handles [skills] exceeding £8,500 million , guardian royal exchange has an excellent reputation for courteous and prompt service .

Mortgage assets at the end of 1989 stood at £2,588.0 million , compared with a figure of £2,087.8 million the previous year .
mortgage [skills] at the end of 1989 stood at £2,588.0 million , compared with a figure of £2,087.8 million the previous year .

The year saw another milestone in the life of the Society in that , for the first time , the total assets passed the £3 billion mark .
the year saw another milestone in the life of the society in that , for the first time , the total [skills] passed the £3 billion mark .

Total assets grew to £3,160m ( 1988 — £2,729.9m ) , a growth rate of 15.8 % .
total [skills] grew to £3,160m ( 1988 — £2,729.9m ) , a growth rate of 15.8 % .

Individual circumstances differ but corporate ownership of major capital assets may provide worthwhile advantages .
individual circumstances differ but corporate ownership of major capital [skills] may provide worthwhile advantages .

Clerical Medical is liable to United Kingdom tax on the income and certain gains arising from the assets backing this policy .
clerical medical is liable to united kingdom tax on the income and certain gains arising from the [skills] backing this policy .

Income on any overseas assets backing this policy may be paid subject to a local withholding tax .
income on any overseas [skills] backing this policy may be paid subject to a local withholding tax .

In addition a ‘ terminal ’ bonus may be payable when a policy becomes a claim by death or maturity ; the level of this bonus may be reviewed at any time without notice to reflect changes in the value of the assets of the life fund .
in addition a ‘ terminal ’ bonus may be payable when a policy becomes a claim by death or maturity ; the level of this bonus may be reviewed at any time without notice to reflect changes in the value of the [skills] of the life fund .

This was secured by company assets and personal guaranteed by the directors , which we were reluctant to increase .
this was secured by company [skills] and personal guaranteed by the directors , which we were reluctant to increase .

‘ Ours was the kind of business where the major assets walked out of the door each evening and went home .
‘ ours was the kind of business where the major [skills] walked out of the door each evening and went home .

If the loan is secured by company assets , the seizure of these could severely damage the business 's prospects .
if the loan is secured by company [skills] , the seizure of these could severely damage the business 's prospects .

Adequate insurance cover gives you the peace of mind of knowing that your business 's ability to continue trading has been preserved , and that the personal assets of directors are not at risk .
adequate insurance cover gives you the peace of mind of knowing that your business 's ability to continue trading has been preserved , and that the personal [skills] of directors are not at risk .

If it is secured by assets — usually a house — then if your other resources are insufficient for repayment , the lender is entitled to seize your home .
if it is secured by [skills] — usually a house — then if your other resources are insufficient for repayment , the lender is entitled to seize your home .

If your loan is unsecured , again your lender may seize assets — which , in practice , again , could mean your home .
if your loan is unsecured , again your lender may seize [skills] — which , in practice , again , could mean your home .

We can help you achieve this protection in the most convenient and cost-effective way for you personally , taking full account of your loan , your assets , the nature of your business or profession , your personal circumstances , and your business aims .
we can help you achieve this protection in the most convenient and cost-effective way for you personally , taking full account of your loan , your [skills] , the nature of your business or profession , your personal circumstances , and your business aims .

People are almost certainly the most expensive and crucial assets under your control .
people are almost certainly the most expensive and crucial [skills] under your control .

In addition a ‘ terminal ’ bonus may be payable when a policy becomes a claim by death or maturity ; the level of this bonus may be reviewed at any time without notice to reflect the changes in the value of the assets of the life fund .
in addition a ‘ terminal ’ bonus may be payable when a policy becomes a claim by death or maturity ; the level of this bonus may be reviewed at any time without notice to reflect the changes in the value of the [skills] of the life fund .

Clerical Medical is liable to United Kingdom tax on the income and certain gains arising from the assets backing this policy .
clerical medical is liable to united kingdom tax on the income and certain gains arising from the [skills] backing this policy .

Income on any overseas assets backing this policy may be subject to a local withholding tax .
income on any overseas [skills] backing this policy may be subject to a local withholding tax .

More than 100 jobs have been axed , a For Sale sign has gone up over a large slice of its assets and chief executive Andros Stakis has been ousted .
more than 100 jobs have been axed , a for sale sign has gone up over a large slice of its [skills] and chief executive andros stakis has been ousted .

When new occupiers lease these properties , Control Securities will have to absorb a £7m loss in the value of these assets .
when new occupiers lease these properties , control securities will have to absorb a £7m loss in the value of these [skills] .

Billions of dollars of Iranian assets remain frozen under former President Carter 's 1979 edict .
billions of dollars of iranian [skills] remain frozen under former president carter 's 1979 edict .

But Mr Bush 's remarks yesterday clearly indicated that the unfreezing of some of the assets was a gesture which certainly would not harm the hostages ' prospects .
but mr bush 's remarks yesterday clearly indicated that the unfreezing of some of the [skills] was a gesture which certainly would not harm the hostages ' prospects .

In return , Mr Rafsanjani sought the return of assets and/or help in locating three Iranians kidnapped in Lebanon .
in return , mr rafsanjani sought the return of [skills] and/or help in locating three iranians kidnapped in lebanon .

Mr Raper is believed to be in Switzerland , in hiding from a two-year jail sentence imposed for moving assets out of Britain .
mr raper is believed to be in switzerland , in hiding from a two-year jail sentence imposed for moving [skills] out of britain .

This course of action would expose them to the prospect of mounting fines and eventual seizure of assets .
this course of action would expose them to the prospect of mounting fines and eventual seizure of [skills] .

She also refused an application by the society for sequestration of the funds and assets of Trinity Students ' Union .
she also refused an application by the society for sequestration of the funds and [skills] of trinity students ' union .

Britain 's net foreign assets grew by £4bn , and the total overseas portfolio produced income of £5.9bn and capital gains of £16.1bn .
britain 's net foreign [skills] grew by £4bn , and the total overseas portfolio produced income of £5.9bn and capital gains of £16.1bn .

By the time of the divorce in 1986 , the assets of the family were considerable .
by the time of the divorce in 1986 , the [skills] of the family were considerable .

The wife had played a unique role in the hotel business and had , the judge concluded , ‘ earned a share of the assets that have been produced ’ .
the wife had played a unique role in the hotel business and had , the judge concluded , ‘ earned a share of the [skills] that have been produced ’ .

But however great the wife 's contribution , the order to her should not be out of proportion to the total assets and had to do justice between the parties .
but however great the wife 's contribution , the order to her should not be out of proportion to the total [skills] and had to do justice between the parties .

Now that the party can no longer call on state finances , it will have to streamline its bureaucracy , and has already decided to hand back to the nation all superfluous assets , including the party 's holiday homes , hotels … and its headquarters .
now that the party can no longer call on state finances , it will have to streamline its bureaucracy , and has already decided to hand back to the nation all superfluous [skills] , including the party 's holiday homes , hotels … and its headquarters .

The Ecology Building Society was established in 1981 with just £5,000 , but has now seen its assets grow to almost £4m .
the ecology building society was established in 1981 with just £5,000 , but has now seen its [skills] grow to almost £4m .

If a grant is made and there is money or other assets in the estate of the person who has died , this will have to be used to pay the money back to the Social Fund .
if a grant is made and there is money or other [skills] in the estate of the person who has died , this will have to be used to pay the money back to the social fund .

The Thirties Society has tried to counteract the brewers ' failure to understand the potential assets represented by their 20th century buildings , but since so few pubs are listed many cases escape our notice .
the thirties society has tried to counteract the brewers ' failure to understand the potential [skills] represented by their 20th century buildings , but since so few pubs are listed many cases escape our notice .

Another problem is the general feeling amongst Health Service employees and their property advisors that their listed buildings are liabilities rather than assets .
another problem is the general feeling amongst health service employees and their property advisors that their listed buildings are liabilities rather than [skills] .

One City analyst said he thought Mr Ritblat would not be deterred by ‘ a little setback ’ and that the original offer was not too bad being a tax-efficient distribution of British Land assets to shareholders .
one city analyst said he thought mr ritblat would not be deterred by ‘ a little setback ’ and that the original offer was not too bad being a tax-efficient distribution of british land [skills] to shareholders .

Those who did not want to buy a bigger or better house were able to borrow more to extract equity from their fast-appreciating assets .
those who did not want to buy a bigger or better house were able to borrow more to extract equity from their fast-appreciating [skills] .

Judge orders confiscation of smuggler 's £1.5m assets Drugs baron faces 15 years in solitary .
judge orders confiscation of smuggler 's £1.5m [skills] drugs baron faces 15 years in solitary .

Judge Butler ordered that assets worth £23,950 be confiscated under the 1986 Drugs Trafficking Offences Act with the threat that Laming serve a further 18 months in default .
judge butler ordered that [skills] worth £23,950 be confiscated under the 1986 drugs trafficking offences act with the threat that laming serve a further 18 months in default .

The company hoped for early completion of a stalled £1.25billion sale of Australian brewing assets to New Zealand brewer Lion Nathan .
the company hoped for early completion of a stalled £1.25billion sale of australian brewing [skills] to new zealand brewer lion nathan .

Sea Containers last night rejected the higher , hostile takeover bid from Anglo-Swedish rival Temple Holdings in favour of its own restructuring plan which involves it selling more than $1billion of assets .
sea containers last night rejected the higher , hostile takeover bid from anglo-swedish rival temple holdings in favour of its own restructuring plan which involves it selling more than $1billion of [skills] .

But the company insists that property profits will probably continue to rise as it buys and sells assets to reshape its business .
but the company insists that property profits will probably continue to rise as it buys and sells [skills] to reshape its business .

Pro-forma net assets will be £328million .
pro-forma net [skills] will be £328million .

Adkin have sold properties by auction since the firm was established in 1793 and today our Property Auction Department is able to offer the specialist skills and advice required to value , market and dispose of assets by auction .
adkin have sold properties by auction since the firm was established in 1793 and today our property auction department is able to offer the specialist skills and advice required to value , market and dispose of [skills] by auction .

People of independent means with assets exceeding £150,000 and an annual income exceeding £15,000 per year who have a close connection with Britain can make an application .
people of independent means with [skills] exceeding £150,000 and an annual income exceeding £15,000 per year who have a close connection with britain can make an application .

Those with assets exceeding £500,000 can also apply , as can businessmen willing to invest over £150,000 and create new employment .
those with [skills] exceeding £500,000 can also apply , as can businessmen willing to invest over £150,000 and create new employment .

Mr Justice Douglas Brown said that the defendants were negligent ( 1 ) in failing to appreciate that they were dealing with a husband of substantial means who might well be able to afford to pay , not only a lump sum , but also substantial periodical payments ; ( 2 ) in failing to obtain full disclosure of the husband 's financial affairs ; ( 3 ) in failing to realise that because of family trusts and wills the husband had an expectation of further assets ; ( 4 ) in advising the wife to obtain a mortgage when she had no taxable income ; ( 5 ) in recommending a settlement which removed the wife 's undoubted right to maintenance ; and ( 6 ) in failing to use ouster proceedings to remove the husband from the matrimonial home .
mr justice douglas brown said that the defendants were negligent ( 1 ) in failing to appreciate that they were dealing with a husband of substantial means who might well be able to afford to pay , not only a lump sum , but also substantial periodical payments ; ( 2 ) in failing to obtain full disclosure of the husband 's financial affairs ; ( 3 ) in failing to realise that because of family trusts and wills the husband had an expectation of further [skills] ; ( 4 ) in advising the wife to obtain a mortgage when she had no taxable income ; ( 5 ) in recommending a settlement which removed the wife 's undoubted right to maintenance ; and ( 6 ) in failing to use ouster proceedings to remove the husband from the matrimonial home .

Last week the new Romanian authorities asked the Bank of England and other major central banks to freeze assets said to belong to the Ceausescu family .
last week the new romanian authorities asked the bank of england and other major central banks to freeze [skills] said to belong to the ceausescu family .

But it is understood that most of the banks who have lent money to Bond have secured their loans against assets or have made provisions against ultimate default .
but it is understood that most of the banks who have lent money to bond have secured their loans against [skills] or have made provisions against ultimate default .

Sir Ron Brierley , who had a tilt at Britain 's Ocean Transport & Trading has survived and prospered by sticking to investments with the safe and reassuring backing of secure assets .
sir ron brierley , who had a tilt at britain 's ocean transport & trading has survived and prospered by sticking to investments with the safe and reassuring backing of secure [skills] .

Whether in its truest sense — the sale of state-owned assets — or the conversion of ownership from an institution 's members to a new breed of shareholders , privatisation has made profiteering a respectable way of life .
whether in its truest sense — the sale of state-owned [skills] — or the conversion of ownership from an institution 's members to a new breed of shareholders , privatisation has made profiteering a respectable way of life .

The only type of receiver who could be appointed was a receiver of rates who has no control over assets and no management control which a receiver normally has .
the only type of receiver who could be appointed was a receiver of rates who has no control over [skills] and no management control which a receiver normally has .

Its total assets are over £2bn .
its total [skills] are over £2bn .

It becomes a ‘ cash cow ’ business in that you generate a lot of money from existing assets , with minimum investment .
it becomes a ‘ cash cow ’ business in that you generate a lot of money from existing [skills] , with minimum investment .

However confident the mass of the population may have felt in the durability of Britain 's world role , those who ruled in Britain knew full well the kind of dangers the country faced and the need to take steps to meet them … It would need a profound belief in providence to make one refrain from wondering why a group of foggy islands off Europe 's north-western shores , populated beyond the means of subsistence that the islands could provide , endowed with no great natural assets outside the coalfields , should have become both the centre of a world empire and a possible arbiter of European rivalries .
however confident the mass of the population may have felt in the durability of britain 's world role , those who ruled in britain knew full well the kind of dangers the country faced and the need to take steps to meet them … it would need a profound belief in providence to make one refrain from wondering why a group of foggy islands off europe 's north-western shores , populated beyond the means of subsistence that the islands could provide , endowed with no great natural [skills] outside the coalfields , should have become both the centre of a world empire and a possible arbiter of european rivalries .

It might seem that so artificial a superiority was certain to prove as transient as the hegemonies that it had replaced , although those in whose hands power lay were for the most part undaunted by the new challenges to Britain 's position that they sensed … They took it for granted that the international world was one of competing powers and that their duty was to make the most of whatever assets were available to them .
it might seem that so artificial a superiority was certain to prove as transient as the hegemonies that it had replaced , although those in whose hands power lay were for the most part undaunted by the new challenges to britain 's position that they sensed … they took it for granted that the international world was one of competing powers and that their duty was to make the most of whatever [skills] were available to them .

Once you have decided which of your manifold assets to emphasize , you need to get practical .
once you have decided which of your manifold [skills] to emphasize , you need to get practical .

Profits and Assets
profits and [skills]

Without anything in writing to the contrary , it is legally assumed that all members of the band equally share the band 's profits and assets .
without anything in writing to the contrary , it is legally assumed that all members of the band equally share the band 's profits and [skills] .

The points about joint responsibility for assets , liabilities and profits apply whether a band member is dismissed or he or she leaves voluntarily .
the points about joint responsibility for [skills] , liabilities and profits apply whether a band member is dismissed or he or she leaves voluntarily .

This has not extended to the maintenance of capital assets once established , and of infrastructure such as roads , railways , and buildings .
this has not extended to the maintenance of capital [skills] once established , and of infrastructure such as roads , railways , and buildings .

In the aftermath of the Arusha Declaration , the value of corporate assets held by the state in Tanzania increased sevenfold from financial years 1970/1 to 1977/8 .
in the aftermath of the arusha declaration , the value of corporate [skills] held by the state in tanzania increased sevenfold from financial years 1970/1 to 1977/8 .

In this situation it is very difficult to ‘ rehabilitate ’ companies since the depreciated assets of these and similar businesses are virtually worthless .
in this situation it is very difficult to ‘ rehabilitate ’ companies since the depreciated [skills] of these and similar businesses are virtually worthless .

So , while product development has been impressive , and confirms a certain level of re-investment , it does not usually lead to development of medium-sized businesses with tangible assets .
so , while product development has been impressive , and confirms a certain level of re-investment , it does not usually lead to development of medium-sized businesses with tangible [skills] .

The many and varied attempts by governments both to take over foreign assets and to set up new state-owned businesses , have seldom been successful .
the many and varied attempts by governments both to take over foreign [skills] and to set up new state-owned businesses , have seldom been successful .

In projects designed to support small ( and larger-scale ) entrepreneurs various forms of ‘ leakage ’ are frequent : credit funds ear-marked for a particular purpose are deployed for entirely different purposes , or for the purchase of domestic assets .
in projects designed to support small ( and larger-scale ) entrepreneurs various forms of ‘ leakage ’ are frequent : credit funds ear-marked for a particular purpose are deployed for entirely different purposes , or for the purchase of domestic [skills] .

Most countries now have to build on an economy in which the productive assets are very run down , and even more importantly , in which a political consensus remains elusive .
most countries now have to build on an economy in which the productive [skills] are very run down , and even more importantly , in which a political consensus remains elusive .

This will leave entrepreneurs from local minority communities in a strong position as the owners of existing fairly well managed productive assets , and as the suppliers of intermediate goods to small-scale producers .
this will leave entrepreneurs from local minority communities in a strong position as the owners of existing fairly well managed productive [skills] , and as the suppliers of intermediate goods to small-scale producers .

This has been done to demonstrate that the charitable assets of the Association are being utilised within an appropriate framework that is acceptable to the Charity Commission .
this has been done to demonstrate that the charitable [skills] of the association are being utilised within an appropriate framework that is acceptable to the charity commission .

It included a sharp attack on public spending , with cash limits on the public sector , the raising of minimum lending rate to 14 per cent , some sale of public assets to help finance the public-sector borrowing requirement , and a major switch from direct taxation to taxes on spending .
it included a sharp attack on public spending , with cash limits on the public sector , the raising of minimum lending rate to 14 per cent , some sale of public [skills] to help finance the public-sector borrowing requirement , and a major switch from direct taxation to taxes on spending .

Even more important , the sale of public assets made possible large cuts in taxation in the 1985 and 1986 budgets .
even more important , the sale of public [skills] made possible large cuts in taxation in the 1985 and 1986 budgets .

The programme covers both denationalization ( or the sale of assets and shares owned by the state ) and liberalization ( or the relaxation or abolition of a service s statutory monopoly ) .
the programme covers both denationalization ( or the sale of [skills] and shares owned by the state ) and liberalization ( or the relaxation or abolition of a service s statutory monopoly ) .

Sales of state assets helped the government to reduce the public sector borrowing requirement .
sales of state [skills] helped the government to reduce the public sector borrowing requirement .

But there is a limit to the number of profitable assets which can be sold .
but there is a limit to the number of profitable [skills] which can be sold .

In 1986 Sogat 82 was fined and had its entire assets sequestrated because of its illegal disruption of the distribution of Rupert Murdoch 's News International newspapers .
in 1986 sogat 82 was fined and had its entire [skills] sequestrated because of its illegal disruption of the distribution of rupert murdoch 's news international newspapers .

The new package includes cutting income taxes , particularly the high marginal rates , containing public spending , ‘ privatizing ’ state assets ( although Britain has gone further than any other state in this ) and reducing loss-making activities among state enterprises .
the new package includes cutting income taxes , particularly the high marginal rates , containing public spending , ‘ privatizing ’ state [skills] ( although britain has gone further than any other state in this ) and reducing loss-making activities among state enterprises .

Change in the law to stop sequestration of all a union 's assets by the courts .
change in the law to stop sequestration of all a union 's [skills] by the courts .

In 1988 Medi-Physics made operating losses of $7.4m on sales of $53.2m and its unaudited net assets at the end of August were $63.2m .
in 1988 medi-physics made operating losses of $7.4m on sales of $53.2m and its unaudited net [skills] at the end of august were $63.2m .

Dusseldorf-based WestLB is the fourth largest bank in West Germany with total assets of £55bn .
dusseldorf-based westlb is the fourth largest bank in west germany with total [skills] of £55bn .

Standard 's commercial banking operations in Switzerland and Frankfurt are excluded from the sale , which hands over assets of £2.5bn to WestLB .
standard 's commercial banking operations in switzerland and frankfurt are excluded from the sale , which hands over [skills] of £2.5bn to westlb .

Fifth place in the top-earners league was taken by an unnamed director of Palmerston Holdings , the property company , who boosted his £20,000 basic pay to £911,608 with a bonus linked to growth in net assets .
fifth place in the top-earners league was taken by an unnamed director of palmerston holdings , the property company , who boosted his £20,000 basic pay to £911,608 with a bonus linked to growth in net [skills] .

The Government could not risk the pound by allowing the return on mark ( and franc ) assets to rise relative to the return on sterling assets .
the government could not risk the pound by allowing the return on mark ( and franc ) [skills] to rise relative to the return on sterling [skills] .

There were two appeals against the verdict , which failed to reverse the decision and in the early winter of 1961 a court receiver auctioned the assets of Highlander .
there were two appeals against the verdict , which failed to reverse the decision and in the early winter of 1961 a court receiver auctioned the [skills] of highlander .

at the auction but the buildings and most of the moveable assets were lost .
at the auction but the buildings and most of the moveable [skills] were lost .

In a related move Union Carbide will sell £500m of assets in the next 18 to 24 months to reduce its debt ratio .
in a related move union carbide will sell £500m of [skills] in the next 18 to 24 months to reduce its debt ratio .

Jones lists assets of $ 338,000 against debts of $ 1.6 million , most of it owed to the tax man .
jones lists [skills] of $ 338,000 against debts of $ 1.6 million , most of it owed to the tax man .

He said the company had not called on shareholders for funds since 1985 and had spent recent years chasing funds to build up income producing assets .
he said the company had not called on shareholders for funds since 1985 and had spent recent years chasing funds to build up income producing [skills] .

In an information memorandum , Heron warns it has ‘ developed a detailed strategy to protect group assets from precipitate action by individual creditors ’ .
in an information memorandum , heron warns it has ‘ developed a detailed strategy to protect group [skills] from precipitate action by individual creditors ’ .

In addition to such high and non-liquid capital assets the investment requirements of modern commercial farming are considerable .
in addition to such high and non-liquid capital [skills] the investment requirements of modern commercial farming are considerable .

Agnes 's mother , Alice Conway , had two assets : she was an excellent cook and she was a homemaker , at least where material things were concerned .
agnes 's mother , alice conway , had two [skills] : she was an excellent cook and she was a homemaker , at least where material things were concerned .

Virtually all financial assets and savings are held in banks , or kept in cash in the form of dinar or foreign currency notes .
virtually all financial [skills] and savings are held in banks , or kept in cash in the form of dinar or foreign currency notes .

She is an unusual mixture of frankness , charm and beauty ; assets which would lead Gedge to believe their relationship would transcend the ardour of youth and become increasingly secure .
she is an unusual mixture of frankness , charm and beauty ; [skills] which would lead gedge to believe their relationship would transcend the ardour of youth and become increasingly secure .

The quality in the British corner included Briggs , showing the speed which is one of her greatest assets , as she attempts to regain the world bantamweight title lost two years ago .
the quality in the british corner included briggs , showing the speed which is one of her greatest [skills] , as she attempts to regain the world bantamweight title lost two years ago .

Furthermore , there will inevitably be speculation that the Maktoum family , who now dominate racing and breeding in this country to an extent that many find unacceptable , will add Manton to their bejewelled chain of racing assets .
furthermore , there will inevitably be speculation that the maktoum family , who now dominate racing and breeding in this country to an extent that many find unacceptable , will add manton to their bejewelled chain of racing [skills] .

That depends on his assets and whether they meet Stock Exchange requirements .
that depends on his [skills] and whether they meet stock exchange requirements .

Both were accused of aiding and abetting the transfer abroad of £2.6m of St Piran assets in breach of the undertaking .
both were accused of aiding and abetting the transfer abroad of £2.6m of st piran [skills] in breach of the undertaking .

In the middle of the night , the ruling party 's congress wound up its work with a resolution to hand back to the state all superfluous assets .
in the middle of the night , the ruling party 's congress wound up its work with a resolution to hand back to the state all superfluous [skills] .

The report , by Professor Michael Zander , of the London School of Economics , criticised United States legislation on the confiscation and forfeiture of assets as being too wide-ranging and open to abuse by prosecutors .
the report , by professor michael zander , of the london school of economics , criticised united states legislation on the confiscation and forfeiture of [skills] as being too wide-ranging and open to abuse by prosecutors .

While generally approving existing British legislation , Professor Zander cautioned against any extension of powers and points to the United States where , he said , mere suspicion could mean financial ruin for individuals and organisations while the law also allowed the seizure of all assets , not simply those related to a specific offence .
while generally approving existing british legislation , professor zander cautioned against any extension of powers and points to the united states where , he said , mere suspicion could mean financial ruin for individuals and organisations while the law also allowed the seizure of all [skills] , not simply those related to a specific offence .

However , Professor Zander supported the American idea of using money and other assets seized in drugs inquiries to fund law enforcement operations .
however , professor zander supported the american idea of using money and other [skills] seized in drugs inquiries to fund law enforcement operations .

When Labour opposed sequestration of union assets it meant , ‘ strike freely ’ , when it said trade union immunities would be restored it meant ‘ strike often ’ , and when it approved of enabling secondary action it meant ‘ strike anywhere ’ .
when labour opposed sequestration of union [skills] it meant , ‘ strike freely ’ , when it said trade union immunities would be restored it meant ‘ strike often ’ , and when it approved of enabling secondary action it meant ‘ strike anywhere ’ .

It has sold another £28m of assets and has now pulled in £70m from disposals since it took over the Brookmount property group in August .
it has sold another £28m of [skills] and has now pulled in £70m from disposals since it took over the brookmount property group in august .

This gap must be financed by borrowing or selling assets .
this gap must be financed by borrowing or selling [skills] .

‘ Before there is any possible move to a voluntary co-operative the government will have to guarantee enabling legislation so that board assets can be transferred , a suitable transition period to avoid chaos in the market , and clearly defined terms for a poll of producers .
‘ before there is any possible move to a voluntary co-operative the government will have to guarantee enabling legislation so that board [skills] can be transferred , a suitable transition period to avoid chaos in the market , and clearly defined terms for a poll of producers .

And one of their most valuable assets is consummate flexibility .
and one of their most valuable [skills] is consummate flexibility .

So Taiwo and Andu re-thought their assets .
so taiwo and andu re-thought their [skills] .

With commercial property companies crying out to liquidate their assets and residential lenders offloading repossessed homes , these are boom days for auctioneers .
with commercial property companies crying out to liquidate their [skills] and residential lenders offloading repossessed homes , these are boom days for auctioneers .

But Li Ka-shing , head of Cheung Kong , confirmed he is ‘ interested in some of Olympia 's assets , but has not come up with any solid plans ’ .
but li ka-shing , head of cheung kong , confirmed he is ‘ interested in some of olympia 's [skills] , but has not come up with any solid plans ’ .

About £8 billion , including debenture repayments , is pencilled in for 1992–93 , largely from outstanding payments on already privatised assets .
about £8 billion , including debenture repayments , is pencilled in for 1992–93 , largely from outstanding payments on already privatised [skills] .

The pre-tax figures were in line with City expectations , but estimated net assets , which had been expected to dip from 720p to nearer 700p a share , rose to 731p , following a partial valuation by directors .
the pre-tax figures were in line with city expectations , but estimated net [skills] , which had been expected to dip from 720p to nearer 700p a share , rose to 731p , following a partial valuation by directors .

Net assets per share grew from 169p to 212p and the dividend is being raised from 1.55p to 1.75p , with a 1p final payable on May 29 .
net [skills] per share grew from 169p to 212p and the dividend is being raised from 1.55p to 1.75p , with a 1p final payable on may 29 .

‘ We have come to the end of that chapter , they have spent the money , sold off the assets , squeezed the public services , cut the training , tossed everything they possibly can out of the boat , and it is still sinking .
‘ we have come to the end of that chapter , they have spent the money , sold off the [skills] , squeezed the public services , cut the training , tossed everything they possibly can out of the boat , and it is still sinking .

But in view of the outlook for prices of both oil and gas , the company decided to write down the carrying value of its production , development and exploration assets in an exceptional depletion charge totalling £24½m .
but in view of the outlook for prices of both oil and gas , the company decided to write down the carrying value of its production , development and exploration [skills] in an exceptional depletion charge totalling £24½m .

The proposed purchase would involve the Cameron 's brewery , 300-plus pubs and associated assets and brands .
the proposed purchase would involve the cameron 's brewery , 300-plus pubs and associated [skills] and brands .

The description of these services as ‘ disparate ’ surely applies also to the traction and rolling stock inherited by Provincial , the assets most responsible for the sector 's cost base .
the description of these services as ‘ disparate ’ surely applies also to the traction and rolling stock inherited by provincial , the [skills] most responsible for the sector 's cost base .

The ill-fitting Abbey Clocks and most of the assets of Lan-Elec have been sold , and Corsair 's problems have been rectified by a new face behind its managing director 's desk .
the ill-fitting abbey clocks and most of the [skills] of lan-elec have been sold , and corsair 's problems have been rectified by a new face behind its managing director 's desk .

It has cash flow but its assets are its people .
it has cash flow but its [skills] are its people .

Alarm about China 's economic prospects and possible policy changes have also heightened anxiety in Hong Kong about one of its main assets — personal connections in China .
alarm about china 's economic prospects and possible policy changes have also heightened anxiety in hong kong about one of its main [skills] — personal connections in china .

Weak forestry services are subordinate to production figures and dominated by wealthy elites , often politicians , who stand to gain tremendously from short-term liquidation of forest assets .
weak forestry services are subordinate to production figures and dominated by wealthy elites , often politicians , who stand to gain tremendously from short-term liquidation of forest [skills] .

In the year to the end of November , Sterling Greengate made a pre-tax profit of £1.6 million on sales of £42million . Net assets are put at £32.7 million ..
in the year to the end of november , sterling greengate made a pre-tax profit of £1.6 million on sales of £42million . net [skills] are put at £32.7 million ..

Unit trust experts are mystified why this discrepancy should have taken so long to identify and the role of the trustees , Midland Bank and Coutts , who are supposed to hold the assets and keep a check on the sales and purchases .
unit trust experts are mystified why this discrepancy should have taken so long to identify and the role of the trustees , midland bank and coutts , who are supposed to hold the [skills] and keep a check on the sales and purchases .

Unit trust experts are mystified why this discrepancy should have taken so long to identify and the role of the trustees , Midland Bank and Coutts , who are supposed to hold the assets and keep a check on the sales and purchases .
unit trust experts are mystified why this discrepancy should have taken so long to identify and the role of the trustees , midland bank and coutts , who are supposed to hold the [skills] and keep a check on the sales and purchases .

‘ The assets of Bell Resources are in serious jeopardy if a receiver is not appointed in the very near future , ’ said Adelaide Steamship 's lawyer , George Palmer .
‘ the [skills] of bell resources are in serious jeopardy if a receiver is not appointed in the very near future , ’ said adelaide steamship 's lawyer , george palmer .

The shuffling of Mr Bond 's brewing assets is considered pivotal to the Bond Corporation 's ability to resolve its A$8billion debt crisis and to the survival of his brewing , property and media empire .
the shuffling of mr bond 's brewing [skills] is considered pivotal to the bond corporation 's ability to resolve its a$8billion debt crisis and to the survival of his brewing , property and media empire .

The addition of another $7 a share to Temple 's bid levels out the fight and gives SeaCo shareholders a straight choice between the existing management and the ambitious consortium who plan to split the assets between them .
the addition of another $7 a share to temple 's bid levels out the fight and gives seaco shareholders a straight choice between the existing management and the ambitious consortium who plan to split the [skills] between them .

The new offer was accompanied by a call for SeaCo to put Mr Sherwood 's proposal to sell several assets to a vote of shareholders whose support is crucial to the ‘ poison pill ’ defence plan going ahead .
the new offer was accompanied by a call for seaco to put mr sherwood 's proposal to sell several [skills] to a vote of shareholders whose support is crucial to the ‘ poison pill ’ defence plan going ahead .

SeaCo itself may come back with a slightly better offer as the sale of assets agreed so far is thought to have raised more money than was planned .
seaco itself may come back with a slightly better offer as the sale of [skills] agreed so far is thought to have raised more money than was planned .

Mr Brown last night wrote to Mrs Thatcher demanding she publish the final agreement on cash , assets and tax signed between the Government and BAe .
mr brown last night wrote to mrs thatcher demanding she publish the final agreement on cash , [skills] and tax signed between the government and bae .

At any moment , he will realize all the assets in her trust fund , and abscond abroad .
at any moment , he will realize all the [skills] in her trust fund , and abscond abroad .

In 1943 , the Maronites had agreed to an unwritten National Covenant which awarded them the presidency of Lebanon , command of the Lebanese army and other assets in return for their abandonment of French protection .
in 1943 , the maronites had agreed to an unwritten national covenant which awarded them the presidency of lebanon , command of the lebanese army and other [skills] in return for their abandonment of french protection .

In the early days , transport was difficult and expensive , markets too constrained to dispose of taxes in kind , and there were few outside sources of funding ( external borrowing , assets to be expropriated ) .
in the early days , transport was difficult and expensive , markets too constrained to dispose of taxes in kind , and there were few outside sources of funding ( external borrowing , [skills] to be expropriated ) .

The grateful colonists used the opportunity to expropriate the cattle and other assets of the fugitives .
the grateful colonists used the opportunity to expropriate the cattle and other [skills] of the fugitives .

The February and October revolutions seem to have had the same effect on the Russian colonists as the expulsion of the British had on the American colonists in the eighteenth century — a removal of all restraint on the ambitions to despoil native lands and assets . In July
the february and october revolutions seem to have had the same effect on the russian colonists as the expulsion of the british had on the american colonists in the eighteenth century — a removal of all restraint on the ambitions to despoil native lands and [skills] . in july

With liquid assets of £1.3 million , a profit margin of 18 per cent and a return of 15 per cent on capital the county must be the envy of many businesses totally unconnected with cricket .
with liquid [skills] of £1.3 million , a profit margin of 18 per cent and a return of 15 per cent on capital the county must be the envy of many businesses totally unconnected with cricket .

Meanwhile the county has revalued its assets to reflect its long lease and the planning consents obtained .
meanwhile the county has revalued its [skills] to reflect its long lease and the planning consents obtained .

If you are sitting in a very large house on your own , which is draining away your resources because it still has mortgage payments to be met and it takes a lot of money to heat and light every year , you must seriously consider cashing in on your assets by moving to a smaller house that eliminates your mortgage and cuts down on running costs , or by taking out an annuity on your house .
if you are sitting in a very large house on your own , which is draining away your resources because it still has mortgage payments to be met and it takes a lot of money to heat and light every year , you must seriously consider cashing in on your [skills] by moving to a smaller house that eliminates your mortgage and cuts down on running costs , or by taking out an annuity on your house .

the Yorkshire Dales The idea of a National Park is to preserve its natural assets such as moorland , lakes , and woods for the public to enjoy .
the yorkshire dales the idea of a national park is to preserve its natural [skills] such as moorland , lakes , and woods for the public to enjoy .

or your company 's time and assets , and will put pressure on existing staff who may have to work with unsatisfactory newcomers .
or your company 's time and [skills] , and will put pressure on existing staff who may have to work with unsatisfactory newcomers .

details of any assets which could be offered as security ( such as house , shares ) .
details of any [skills] which could be offered as security ( such as house , shares ) .

Is it Brown or Heseltine who has written the following on competition policy ( clue : its was n't Brown ) : ‘ There is a need for a new sophistication in Britain 's approach to the ownership of her industrial assets if they are not to be acquired in growing numbers by our rivals as pieces of the game of restructuring European industry .
is it brown or heseltine who has written the following on competition policy ( clue : its was n't brown ) : ‘ there is a need for a new sophistication in britain 's approach to the ownership of her industrial [skills] if they are not to be acquired in growing numbers by our rivals as pieces of the game of restructuring european industry .

But history would seem to indicate that he has other industrial priorities than handing British assets to the highest bidder .
but history would seem to indicate that he has other industrial priorities than handing british [skills] to the highest bidder .

They may choose to invest in financial assets ( such as government bonds or building society deposits ) or in real assets ( such as property or antique furniture ) .
they may choose to invest in financial [skills] ( such as government bonds or building society deposits ) or in real [skills] ( such as property or antique furniture ) .

In the case of financial assets , savers can be certain of receiving a given interest return on specific dates in the future .
in the case of financial [skills] , savers can be certain of receiving a given interest return on specific dates in the future .

In the case of real assets , the expected return may be less certain ( i.e .
in the case of real [skills] , the expected return may be less certain ( i.e .

People whose wealth consists of assets with a fixed money value ( such as building society deposits and government securities of various kinds ) will be losers , while debtors ( borrowers ) gain from the decline in the real value of their debts .
people whose wealth consists of [skills] with a fixed money value ( such as building society deposits and government securities of various kinds ) will be losers , while debtors ( borrowers ) gain from the decline in the real value of their debts .

Money is just one of a number of assets which people hold as wealth .
money is just one of a number of [skills] which people hold as wealth .

In addition to money , wealth can be held in the form of interest-bearing accounts in financial institutions , bonds ( such as government securities and company debentures ) , equities ( or company shares ) , real assets ( such as antique furniture and property ) and ‘ human capital ’ ( defined as including the mental and physical attributes that enable people to earn a living by selling their labour services ) .
in addition to money , wealth can be held in the form of interest-bearing accounts in financial institutions , bonds ( such as government securities and company debentures ) , equities ( or company shares ) , real [skills] ( such as antique furniture and property ) and ‘ human capital ’ ( defined as including the mental and physical attributes that enable people to earn a living by selling their labour services ) .

What are your assets ?
what are your [skills] ?

These are all assets which not everyone has and can help you in achieving your goals .
these are all [skills] which not everyone has and can help you in achieving your goals .

List these assets and liabilities at random as they pop into your mind or as they are suggested to you by others .
list these [skills] and liabilities at random as they pop into your mind or as they are suggested to you by others .

Write down your assets in this column
write down your [skills] in this column

Now it is possible to make four separate lists : performance assets and performance liabilities , behaviour assets and behaviour liabilities .
now it is possible to make four separate lists : performance [skills] and performance liabilities , behaviour [skills] and behaviour liabilities .

List all of your assets from the above column which involve performance
list all of your [skills] from the above column which involve performance

List your assets from the above column which involve behaviour
list your [skills] from the above column which involve behaviour

Never lose sight of the fact that God himself selected the collection of assets and attributes which you now possess .
never lose sight of the fact that god himself selected the collection of [skills] and attributes which you now possess .

Two questions must be answered before we can logically determine how we are going to handle any of our assets .
two questions must be answered before we can logically determine how we are going to handle any of our [skills] .

The next step would be to transfer the ownership of all our assets to God .
the next step would be to transfer the ownership of all our [skills] to god .

One logical reason for this , besides the fact that we naturally want to relate our assets to our goals , is because God takes good care of his property .
one logical reason for this , besides the fact that we naturally want to relate our [skills] to our goals , is because god takes good care of his property .

Are they relating all their assets to their goals ? It is one thing to say we have a goal ; it is another to actually act on it .
are they relating all their [skills] to their goals ? it is one thing to say we have a goal ; it is another to actually act on it .

We have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .
we have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our [skills] , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .

It has been estimated that in the years 1877–1904 70 per cent of Pomeranian farmland was held in large estates and only 30 per cent in peasant smallholdings of various kinds : about two-thirds of Pomeranian farmers were smallholders living in the most appalling poverty ; their assets were non-existent or too small for them to think of trekking westwards to look for factory work ; they were too poor to pay cash for their land , and too impoverished for any bank to risk giving them a loan .
it has been estimated that in the years 1877–1904 70 per cent of pomeranian farmland was held in large estates and only 30 per cent in peasant smallholdings of various kinds : about two-thirds of pomeranian farmers were smallholders living in the most appalling poverty ; their [skills] were non-existent or too small for them to think of trekking westwards to look for factory work ; they were too poor to pay cash for their land , and too impoverished for any bank to risk giving them a loan .

The feature cars , as they are known in the Department , are one of the tramway 's brightest assets .
the feature cars , as they are known in the department , are one of the tramway 's brightest [skills] .

The assets of those hospitals becoming Trusts will be vested in the Trust . Hence :
the [skills] of those hospitals becoming trusts will be vested in the trust . hence :

The Trust will be given an interest bearing debt initially equal to the value of its assets .
the trust will be given an interest bearing debt initially equal to the value of its [skills] .

The Trust will be able to dispose of its assets as it thinks appropriate .
the trust will be able to dispose of its [skills] as it thinks appropriate .

Firstly , Working Paper 5 ( para 1.6 ) states that ‘ Authorities will need to keep asset registers and calculate capital charges for each functional unit so that budgetary and costing systems also reflect managerial responsibility for assets ’ .
firstly , working paper 5 ( para 1.6 ) states that ‘ authorities will need to keep asset registers and calculate capital charges for each functional unit so that budgetary and costing systems also reflect managerial responsibility for [skills] ’ .

In addition assets are to be revalued every three years , and Working Paper 5 explains how this will happen .
in addition [skills] are to be revalued every three years , and working paper 5 explains how this will happen .

Certainly , there is no requirement in private hospitals to revalue their fixed assets every three years .
certainly , there is no requirement in private hospitals to revalue their fixed [skills] every three years .

It does not give an example of how revenue expenditure is allocated down to Regions , Districts and Units , and the ‘ before and after ’ cases of their allocations showing the impact of capital charges , and how they will change when Districts or Units actually increase or decrease their employment of fixed assets .
it does not give an example of how revenue expenditure is allocated down to regions , districts and units , and the ‘ before and after ’ cases of their allocations showing the impact of capital charges , and how they will change when districts or units actually increase or decrease their employment of fixed [skills] .

We then need to address the issue of how the funding will change if one authority is able to divest itself of certain fixed assets .
we then need to address the issue of how the funding will change if one authority is able to divest itself of certain fixed [skills] .

In fact , with regard to fixed assets there are two important requirements to ensure that they are deployed efficiently .
in fact , with regard to fixed [skills] there are two important requirements to ensure that they are deployed efficiently .

If we turn to trusts we find Valens stating that if maintenance has been left by trust to freedmen without a sum being stated , then first of all the amounts usually paid by the deceased are to be taken into account , then his bequests to those of the same class , and failing these his assets and intimacy with the beneficiaries are to be considered .
if we turn to trusts we find valens stating that if maintenance has been left by trust to freedmen without a sum being stated , then first of all the amounts usually paid by the deceased are to be taken into account , then his bequests to those of the same class , and failing these his [skills] and intimacy with the beneficiaries are to be considered .

If the assets of the testator 's estate were not sufficient to pay both his creditors and all the bequests he had left , then first the creditors were satisfied in full , and afterwards the beneficiaries by legacy or trust were paid so far as the estate would allow .
if the [skills] of the testator 's estate were not sufficient to pay both his creditors and all the bequests he had left , then first the creditors were satisfied in full , and afterwards the beneficiaries by legacy or trust were paid so far as the estate would allow .

To realise assets in order to pay off debts .
to realise [skills] in order to pay off debts .

The sale of local authority assets and the shifting of activities to the private sector have been equally limited in the 1980s .
the sale of local authority [skills] and the shifting of activities to the private sector have been equally limited in the 1980s .

maximised use of school assets ;
maximised use of school [skills] ;

They are also prohibited from entering into transactions that would have the effect of altering significantly the assets or liabilities of the company or entering into commitments without consideration .
they are also prohibited from entering into transactions that would have the effect of altering significantly the [skills] or liabilities of the company or entering into commitments without consideration .

Growth by acquisition may take many forms : the purchase of a publicly held company 's shares by a recommended offer or by contested takeover bid , or the acquisition of shares or business assets by private agreement ( in either case for cash or by way of share exchange ) ; merger through the medium of a holding company which acquires the merging companies or their assets ; and , in France and certain other member states , merger by ‘ fusion ’ whereby a company loses its identity and is absorbed , with its assets and liabilities , into the new concern .
growth by acquisition may take many forms : the purchase of a publicly held company 's shares by a recommended offer or by contested takeover bid , or the acquisition of shares or business [skills] by private agreement ( in either case for cash or by way of share exchange ) ; merger through the medium of a holding company which acquires the merging companies or their [skills] ; and , in france and certain other member states , merger by ‘ fusion ’ whereby a company loses its identity and is absorbed , with its [skills] and liabilities , into the new concern .

For convenience , the word ‘ merger ’ is used in this chapter for all forms of merger , acquisition and takeover , whether they involve acquisition of controlling or of minority interests in shares or assets .
for convenience , the word ‘ merger ’ is used in this chapter for all forms of merger , acquisition and takeover , whether they involve acquisition of controlling or of minority interests in shares or [skills] .

They decided to assign all these assets to five of their number as Trustees for Sale .
they decided to assign all these [skills] to five of their number as trustees for sale .

His assets were his house in Castle Street , Edinburgh , his library and furniture , and the value of the life-rent on Abbotsford the house he had built on The Border .
his [skills] were his house in castle street , edinburgh , his library and furniture , and the value of the life-rent on abbotsford the house he had built on the border .

Not everyone had sufficient assets of sufficient value to cover what he still owed , or was willing to surrender them , but the new scheme certainly benefited a large number .
not everyone had sufficient [skills] of sufficient value to cover what he still owed , or was willing to surrender them , but the new scheme certainly benefited a large number .

When a borrower was systematically unable to meet commitments by the required date he became insolvent , the final stage when all his remaining assets were repossessed .
when a borrower was systematically unable to meet commitments by the required date he became insolvent , the final stage when all his remaining [skills] were repossessed .

The Committee recommended replacing Deeds of Arrangements , by which an insolvent individual could execute a deed assigning his assets to a trustee for the benefit of creditors , by Voluntary Arrangements .
the committee recommended replacing deeds of arrangements , by which an insolvent individual could execute a deed assigning his [skills] to a trustee for the benefit of creditors , by voluntary arrangements .

( Basically , your estate is your collective assets and liabilities . )
( basically , your estate is your collective [skills] and liabilities . )

According to Sir Julian Huxley , writing in the 1930s , the huge antlers of large species of deer , which are certainly among their most conspicuous assets and absorb a great deal of energy as they grow , may be non-adaptive features ; and Richard Lewontin , from Harvard University , recently applied Huxley 's arguments to other features of other animals , including tooth size in Old World monkeys , and brain size in great apes .
according to sir julian huxley , writing in the 1930s , the huge antlers of large species of deer , which are certainly among their most conspicuous [skills] and absorb a great deal of energy as they grow , may be non-adaptive features ; and richard lewontin , from harvard university , recently applied huxley 's arguments to other features of other animals , including tooth size in old world monkeys , and brain size in great apes .

With this minimum treatment , and a few surfaced paths , many urban commons could quickly become valuable and inexpensive assets .
with this minimum treatment , and a few surfaced paths , many urban commons could quickly become valuable and inexpensive [skills] .

There are ways of turning the restrictions and limitations that caring involves into assets .
there are ways of turning the restrictions and limitations that caring involves into [skills] .

The Governor suspected that John 's banking affairs would be in a similar mess and a check showed that under his Chairmanship and by his influence , more than half of the assets of the Bank of New South Wales had been loaned to a small group of businessmen .
the governor suspected that john 's banking affairs would be in a similar mess and a check showed that under his chairmanship and by his influence , more than half of the [skills] of the bank of new south wales had been loaned to a small group of businessmen .

It is clear that the bunched replacement of fixed capital requires a considerable growth in the rate of the production of fixed assets , but after a few years the need for such replacement will decline rapidly .
it is clear that the bunched replacement of fixed capital requires a considerable growth in the rate of the production of fixed [skills] , but after a few years the need for such replacement will decline rapidly .

Consumer goods occupy a much more contradictory place in the circulation and realisation of capital than do fixed assets .
consumer goods occupy a much more contradictory place in the circulation and realisation of capital than do fixed [skills] .

From the above we can see that so long as investment goods , particularly fixed assets , are being produced on an increased scale the effect on business conditions is favourable .
from the above we can see that so long as investment goods , particularly fixed [skills] , are being produced on an increased scale the effect on business conditions is favourable .

Mostly nowadays Hugo took for granted all the assets that talent had brought him .
mostly nowadays hugo took for granted all the [skills] that talent had brought him .

‘ Plus , 33 per cent maintain liquid assets of over $ 75,000 .
‘ plus , 33 per cent maintain liquid [skills] of over $ 75,000 .

Expect the cream of Allied Dunbar 's life assurance business to be attacked soon — by the three men who built its assets to £7.5 billion .
expect the cream of allied dunbar 's life assurance business to be attacked soon — by the three men who built its [skills] to £7.5 billion .

Which is just as well , because there are few assets to sell .
which is just as well , because there are few [skills] to sell .

Nobel has three years to reduce its assets and pay off Nordbanken .
nobel has three years to reduce its [skills] and pay off nordbanken .

She will also feel able to draw on the great assets the team have to offer , namely experience and a wide knowledge of patient care .
she will also feel able to draw on the great [skills] the team have to offer , namely experience and a wide knowledge of patient care .

Terms such as balance sheet , assets , liabilities , claims , liquidity and capital adequacy will inevitably arise later in the book as it seeks to identify the inter-relationship between financial flows and world economic development .
terms such as balance sheet , [skills] , liabilities , claims , liquidity and capital adequacy will inevitably arise later in the book as it seeks to identify the inter-relationship between financial flows and world economic development .

In addition , it highlights those assets which are subject to central bank control thus enabling the latter to regulate the money supply in the economy .
in addition , it highlights those [skills] which are subject to central bank control thus enabling the latter to regulate the money supply in the economy .

Analysis of assets
analysis of [skills]

However , it must maintain adequate liquid assets in order to retain the public 's confidence that deposits , i.e .
however , it must maintain adequate liquid [skills] in order to retain the public 's confidence that deposits , i.e .

Albion Bank 's assets are listed in order of decreasing realisability or nearness to cash .
albion bank 's [skills] are listed in order of decreasing realisability or nearness to cash .

Note , that over 70 per cent of Albion Bank 's other currency assets take this form and constitute part of the euro-currency market .
note , that over 70 per cent of albion bank 's other currency [skills] take this form and constitute part of the euro-currency market .

Advances ( loans ) : Advances are among the least liquid of a bank 's assets , yet they are the most profitable .
advances ( loans ) : advances are among the least liquid of a bank 's [skills] , yet they are the most profitable .

Premises and other assets : Premises are probably the least liquid asset yet most essential to the continuity of the bank 's operations .
premises and other [skills] : premises are probably the least liquid asset yet most essential to the continuity of the bank 's operations .

Other assets , are constituted mainly by equipment , e.g .
other [skills] , are constituted mainly by equipment , e.g .

Most banks are requested by their central bank to keep a certain proportion of their assets in a liquid form .
most banks are requested by their central bank to keep a certain proportion of their [skills] in a liquid form .

In most countries the supply of liquid assets is directly controlled by the central bank ( or Treasury ) .
in most countries the supply of liquid [skills] is directly controlled by the central bank ( or treasury ) .

Consider the following simple illustration of a one bank economy where a 10 per cent liquid assets ratio must be maintained .
consider the following simple illustration of a one bank economy where a 10 per cent liquid [skills] ratio must be maintained .

The 10 per cent liquid assets ratio requirement prevents further deposit creation ; the bank must acquire additional liquid assets to create more deposits .
the 10 per cent liquid [skills] ratio requirement prevents further deposit creation ; the bank must acquire additional liquid [skills] to create more deposits .

Financial assets , liabilities and intermediaries
financial [skills] , liabilities and intermediaries

This lists a nation 's assets and liabilities . For the sake of clarity a simplified balance sheet is shown below :
this lists a nation 's [skills] and liabilities . for the sake of clarity a simplified balance sheet is shown below :

The balance sheet for the hypothetical country of Utopia emphasises the fact that physical assets , e.g .
the balance sheet for the hypothetical country of utopia emphasises the fact that physical [skills] , e.g .

These physical ( or capital ) assets play a major role in the generation of income within an economy .
these physical ( or capital ) [skills] play a major role in the generation of income within an economy .

Note that financial assets and liabilities cancel one another out , thus making net worth equal to the value of physical assets .
note that financial [skills] and liabilities cancel one another out , thus making net worth equal to the value of physical [skills] .

An economy can be divided into various sectors and the net worth of each one — physical plus financial assets minus financial liabilities — can be ascertained .
an economy can be divided into various sectors and the net worth of each one — physical plus financial [skills] minus financial liabilities — can be ascertained .

Note , the figures zero out in each year as financial assets and liabilities are opposite sides in the creation of a financial claim .
note , the figures zero out in each year as financial [skills] and liabilities are opposite sides in the creation of a financial claim .

For the personal sector , most financial assets thus provide some form of return , are marketable and can be converted into cash at minimal expense and inconvenience .
for the personal sector , most financial [skills] thus provide some form of return , are marketable and can be converted into cash at minimal expense and inconvenience .

It is the convertibility aspect that attracts people to hold a certain proportion of their wealth in financial assets .
it is the convertibility aspect that attracts people to hold a certain proportion of their wealth in financial [skills] .

The alternative is the ownership of physical assets — land , houses , cars , etc .
the alternative is the ownership of physical [skills] — land , houses , cars , etc .

The disposal of physical assets sometimes might involve considerable expense and inconvenience , e.g .
the disposal of physical [skills] sometimes might involve considerable expense and inconvenience , e.g .

All other assets and liabilities are ignored in this simplistic illustration on the creation of claims .
all other [skills] and liabilities are ignored in this simplistic illustration on the creation of claims .

The liabilities of financial institutions are quite willingly accepted as financial assets by their holders , i.e .
the liabilities of financial institutions are quite willingly accepted as financial [skills] by their holders , i.e .

Sufficient liquid assets must be held to meet sudden fund withdrawals .
sufficient liquid [skills] must be held to meet sudden fund withdrawals .

What would be the impact on advances and deposits if the liquid assets ratio was increased from 10 per cent to 20 per cent ?
what would be the impact on advances and deposits if the liquid [skills] ratio was increased from 10 per cent to 20 per cent ?

Assume Stage 3 balance sheet totals , and £200 of additional liquid assets are deposited in the bank . With a 10 per cent liquid assets ratio what will be the new balance sheet figures ?
assume stage 3 balance sheet totals , and £200 of additional liquid [skills] are deposited in the bank . with a 10 per cent liquid [skills] ratio what will be the new balance sheet figures ?

What are financial claims ? How do financial and physical assets differ ?
what are financial claims ? how do financial and physical [skills] differ ?

What are financial claims ? How do financial and physical assets differ ?
what are financial claims ? how do financial and physical [skills] differ ?

Finally , another major problem as perceived by Western governments and agencies is the philosophy held by many LDCs ' governments to free/private enterprise , the market mechanism , foreign investment and expropriation of assets .
finally , another major problem as perceived by western governments and agencies is the philosophy held by many ldcs ' governments to free/private enterprise , the market mechanism , foreign investment and expropriation of [skills] .

Instead people invest their savings in sterile assets , e.g .
instead people invest their savings in sterile [skills] , e.g .

collateral , is demanded such as legal ownership of all or some of the exporter 's business assets .
collateral , is demanded such as legal ownership of all or some of the exporter 's business [skills] .

This can be summarised as having assets in one market and liabilities in another .
this can be summarised as having [skills] in one market and liabilities in another .

is of dubious value to a banker , especially if such assets are situated in foreign countries .
is of dubious value to a banker , especially if such [skills] are situated in foreign countries .

Such management necessitates a continuous review of a bank 's overall balance sheet in order to avoid excessive mismatching of assets and liabilities ( refer to Chapter 1 for analysis of bank 's balance sheet ) .
such management necessitates a continuous review of a bank 's overall balance sheet in order to avoid excessive mismatching of [skills] and liabilities ( refer to chapter 1 for analysis of bank 's balance sheet ) .

This strategy has attempted to moderate expenditure while disposing of public assets .
this strategy has attempted to moderate expenditure while disposing of public [skills] .

The Act also introduced statutory registers of public sector land with the aim of forcing the disposal of ‘ surplus ’ assets to the private sector .
the act also introduced statutory registers of public sector land with the aim of forcing the disposal of ‘ surplus ’ [skills] to the private sector .

Alters the relationship between Crown land and the planning system , in particular by allowing the Crown to apply for planning before the disposal of assets .
alters the relationship between crown land and the planning system , in particular by allowing the crown to apply for planning before the disposal of [skills] .

One of my assets in journalism , as Fred Workman told me some years later , was the habit of creating stories and features by developing an idea and then taking the necessary steps to work it into an acceptable feature .
one of my [skills] in journalism , as fred workman told me some years later , was the habit of creating stories and features by developing an idea and then taking the necessary steps to work it into an acceptable feature .

It all makes for a wonderful and exciting mix , adding to that greatest of French assets — a vibrant and varied street scene .
it all makes for a wonderful and exciting mix , adding to that greatest of french [skills] — a vibrant and varied street scene .

In January 1948 , he fasted for peace in the capital city in order to force the Indian government to pay Pakistan the monies due in the Partition ’ s division of assets .
in january 1948 , he fasted for peace in the capital city in order to force the indian government to pay pakistan the monies due in the partition ’ s division of [skills] .

Sir Thomas Modyford , the Governor of Jamaica , offered a deal to pirate ships already well established in the area : if the pirates protected British assets , then they were free to harass enemy shipping with impunity .
sir thomas modyford , the governor of jamaica , offered a deal to pirate ships already well established in the area : if the pirates protected british [skills] , then they were free to harass enemy shipping with impunity .

Included are over 10,000 items , 1,780 of which are classified as national treasures or important cultural assets .
included are over 10,000 items , 1,780 of which are classified as national treasures or important cultural [skills] .

In a still faintly Victorian atmosphere , Dinard has preserved all the best assets of a good resort : luxury villas and long , paved promenades , plush hotels , elegant boutiques , discothèques , casino , parks and gardens , and an Olympic-size public swimming pool .
in a still faintly victorian atmosphere , dinard has preserved all the best [skills] of a good resort : luxury villas and long , paved promenades , plush hotels , elegant boutiques , discothèques , casino , parks and gardens , and an olympic-size public swimming pool .

According to official Washington estimates , US businesses lost $ 8 billion as a result of Cuba ’ s state appropriations and seizing of assets .
according to official washington estimates , us businesses lost $ 8 billion as a result of cuba ’ s state appropriations and seizing of [skills] .

The railroad project transformed the Big Four ’ s personal assets of $ 100,000 in 1861 into a fortune of $ 200 million .
the railroad project transformed the big four ’ s personal [skills] of $ 100,000 in 1861 into a fortune of $ 200 million .

Legal aid providers in the state are already scrounging for funding as interest rates fall through the floor , because one of their primary sources of support comes from the interest generated on client assets held in trust by lawyers in Illinois .
legal aid providers in the state are already scrounging for funding as interest rates fall through the floor , because one of their primary sources of support comes from the interest generated on client [skills] held in trust by lawyers in illinois .

Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans last year ruled that Texas ' fund was an improper taking of assets .
circuit court of appeals in new orleans last year ruled that texas ' fund was an improper taking of [skills] .

In Texas , unlike in some other states , women who are n't divorced ca n't gain full control over their portion of assets .
in texas , unlike in some other states , women who are n't divorced ca n't gain full control over their portion of [skills] .

Utah 's poor and disadvantaged need all types of legal help , from dealing with domestic abuse to protecting limited assets in old age .
utah 's poor and disadvantaged need all types of legal help , from dealing with domestic abuse to protecting limited [skills] in old age .

Individuals helped by Legal Aid include : a young mother and her children being abused by a violent spouse , a severely disabled child in need of medical care , a young woman who needed more time in vocational training to escape welfare , and a woman suffering from dementia in a nursing home whose husband was trying to strip her of her financial assets .
individuals helped by legal aid include : a young mother and her children being abused by a violent spouse , a severely disabled child in need of medical care , a young woman who needed more time in vocational training to escape welfare , and a woman suffering from dementia in a nursing home whose husband was trying to strip her of her financial [skills] .

To qualify for Medicaid and some other state-administered aid programs in Kentucky , you ca n't have more than $ 2000 in liquid assets on hand .
to qualify for medicaid and some other state-administered aid programs in kentucky , you ca n't have more than $ 2000 in liquid [skills] on hand .

Numerous complicated issues will need to be resolved in the short term , including a harmonization of the communication systems , information technology systems , human capital systems , the physical location of people and other assets , and many other factors .
numerous complicated issues will need to be resolved in the short term , including a harmonization of the communication systems , information technology systems , human capital systems , the physical location of people and other [skills] , and many other factors .

Employee Perspectives OPM 's regulations recognize that an agency 's people are vital assets and people achieve organizational goals and results .
employee perspectives opm 's regulations recognize that an agency 's people are vital [skills] and people achieve organizational goals and results .

Unlike the industrial age in which tangible assets were of great value and importance , in today 's knowledge-based economy it 's intellectual capital that is driving the market value of many enterprises .
unlike the industrial age in which tangible [skills] were of great value and importance , in today 's knowledge-based economy it 's intellectual capital that is driving the market value of many enterprises .

A solid foundation of control and accountability requires a system of checks and balances that provides reasonable assurance that the entity 's transactions are appropriately recorded and reported , its assets protected , its established policies followed , and its resources used economically and efficiently for the purposes intended .
a solid foundation of control and accountability requires a system of checks and balances that provides reasonable assurance that the entity 's transactions are appropriately recorded and reported , its [skills] protected , its established policies followed , and its resources used economically and efficiently for the purposes intended .

The task force recommended that Hewlett Packard consolidate its transaction processing activities such as accounts payable , accounts receivable , payroll , and fixed assets accounting from over 100 decentralized centers into just 8 Financial Service Centers worldwide .
the task force recommended that hewlett packard consolidate its transaction processing activities such as accounts payable , accounts receivable , payroll , and fixed [skills] accounting from over 100 decentralized centers into just 8 financial service centers worldwide .

Since these factors apply to a number of government programs that collectively disburse billions of dollars , there is clearly a need for federal agencies to be ever more vigilant in the design , implementation , and maintenance of proper controls for safeguarding assets and preventing and detecting fraud and errors .
since these factors apply to a number of government programs that collectively disburse billions of dollars , there is clearly a need for federal agencies to be ever more vigilant in the design , implementation , and maintenance of proper controls for safeguarding [skills] and preventing and detecting fraud and errors .

However , the federal government , which has often acted as if federal employees were costs to be cut rather than assets to be valued , has only recently received its wake-up call .
however , the federal government , which has often acted as if federal employees were costs to be cut rather than [skills] to be valued , has only recently received its wake-up call .

Since then , audit reports have continued to identify widespread information security weaknesses that place critical federal operations and assets at risk .
since then , audit reports have continued to identify widespread information security weaknesses that place critical federal operations and [skills] at risk .

As a result , billions of dollars in federal assets are at risk of loss , vast amounts of sensitive data are at risk of inappropriate disclosure , and critical computer-based operations are vulnerable to serious disruptions .
as a result , billions of dollars in federal [skills] are at risk of loss , vast amounts of sensitive data are at risk of inappropriate disclosure , and critical computer-based operations are vulnerable to serious disruptions .

Practice 1 : Recognize Information Resources as Essential Organizational Assets That Must Be Protected `` Information technology is an integral and critical ingredient for the successful functioning of major U.S .
practice 1 : recognize information resources as essential organizational [skills] that must be protected `` information technology is an integral and critical ingredient for the successful functioning of major u.s .

Ultimately , the decision as to what controls are needed lies with the business managers , who take into account the nature of the information assets and their importance to business operations and the cost of controls .
ultimately , the decision as to what controls are needed lies with the business managers , who take into account the nature of the information [skills] and their importance to business operations and the cost of controls .

It also reinforced the business managers ' sense of ownership of their information assets .
it also reinforced the business managers ' sense of ownership of their information [skills] .

The exception , stewardship PP & E , consists of Federal mission PP & E , heritage assets , and stewardship land .
the exception , stewardship pp & e , consists of federal mission pp & e , heritage [skills] , and stewardship land .

Interest is classified as exchange revenue notwithstanding the fact that the entity may not be charged a cost of capital for the assets that yield these inflows ; or , if the entity borrowed from Treasury to acquire the assets , it may have been charged a below-market interest rate .
interest is classified as exchange revenue notwithstanding the fact that the entity may not be charged a cost of capital for the [skills] that yield these inflows ; or , if the entity borrowed from treasury to acquire the [skills] , it may have been charged a below-market interest rate .

Nevertheless , in some cases the entity does pay the Treasury at least some interest ; and the Government 's cost of borrowing to acquire the assets is recognized as a cost of the Government as a whole .
nevertheless , in some cases the entity does pay the treasury at least some interest ; and the government 's cost of borrowing to acquire the [skills] is recognized as a cost of the government as a whole .

The effective interest causes an equal increase in the aggregate value of the assets on the balance sheet , and therefore the effective interest is the amount recognized as exchange 50 revenue .
the effective interest causes an equal increase in the aggregate value of the [skills] on the balance sheet , and therefore the effective interest is the amount recognized as exchange 50 revenue .

Interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations. -- Receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations are custodial ( or non-entity ) assets , held by the IRS or another entity as an agent for the Government as a whole rather than on its own behalf ( e.g. , IRS tax receivables on which the delinquent taxpayer must pay interest ) .
interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations. -- receivables that arise as the result of custodial operations are custodial ( or non-entity ) [skills] , held by the irs or another entity as an agent for the government as a whole rather than on its own behalf ( e.g. , irs tax receivables on which the delinquent taxpayer must pay interest ) .

Sales of Government assets : other than property , plant , and equipment and forfeited and foreclosed property. -- The sale of Government assets ( other than property , plant , and equipment and forfeited and foreclosed property ) is an exchange transaction , because each party receives and sacrifices something of value .
sales of government [skills] : other than property , plant , and equipment and forfeited and foreclosed property. -- the sale of government [skills] ( other than property , plant , and equipment and forfeited and foreclosed property ) is an exchange transaction , because each party receives and sacrifices something of value .

Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange. -- The cost of property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the PP & E surrendered at the time of exchange .
acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange. -- the cost of property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) acquired through an exchange of [skills] with the public is the fair value of the pp & e surrendered at the time of exchange .

Transfer of cash and other capitalized assets without reimbursement. -- Cash and other capitalized assets may be transferred without reimbursement from one Government entity to another .
transfer of cash and other capitalized [skills] without reimbursement. -- cash and other capitalized [skills] may be transferred without reimbursement from one government entity to another .

Cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring entity in determining its net cost of operations but is required to be transferred to the General Fund or another entity ; other capitalized assets may include general property , plant , and equipment .
cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring entity in determining its net cost of operations but is required to be transferred to the general fund or another entity ; other capitalized [skills] may include general property , plant , and equipment .

However , if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP & E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP & E for the recipient entity , it is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets by the transferring entity .
however , if the asset that is transferred was classified as general pp & e for the transferring entity but stewardship pp & e for the recipient entity , it is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized [skills] by the transferring entity .

Assets are correspondingly reduced or increased.70 350 .
[skills] are correspondingly reduced or increased.70 350 .

Sales of different types of Government assets. -- The sale of Government assets ( other than forfeited property ) is an exchange transaction , because each party receives and sacrifices something of value .
sales of different types of government assets. -- the sale of government [skills] ( other than forfeited property ) is an exchange transaction , because each party receives and sacrifices something of value .

This general rule applies to property , plant , and equipment , receivables ( other than direct loans ) , foreclosed property associated with pre-1992 direct loans and loan guarantees , and miscellaneous assets .
this general rule applies to property , plant , and equipment , receivables ( other than direct loans ) , foreclosed property associated with pre-1992 direct loans and loan guarantees , and miscellaneous [skills] .

Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange. -- The cost of property , plant , and equipment ( PP & E ) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the PP & E surrendered at the time of exchange .
acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange. -- the cost of property , plant , and equipment ( pp & e ) acquired through an exchange of [skills] with the public is the fair value of the pp & e surrendered at the time of exchange .

However , if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP & E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP & E for the recipient entity , it is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets by the 71See SFFAS No .
however , if the asset that is transferred was classified as general pp & e for the transferring entity but stewardship pp & e for the recipient entity , it is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized [skills] by the 71see sffas no .

If multi-use heritage assets are transferred and some cost was recognized for them on the books of the transferring entity , that cost is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized assets .
if multi-use heritage [skills] are transferred and some cost was recognized for them on the books of the transferring entity , that cost is recognized as a transfer-out ( a negative other financing source ) of capitalized [skills] .

Such PP & E consists of Federal mission PP & E , heritage assets , and stewardship land .
such pp & e consists of federal mission pp & e , heritage [skills] , and stewardship land .

INDEX OF TRANSACTIONS CLASSIFIED IN APPENDIX B Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment ( 585 ) Acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange ( 597 ) Appropriations ( 592 ) Borrowing from the public ( 596 ) Borrowing from Treasury , the Federal Financing Bank , or other Government accounts ( 596 ) Cancellation of debt ( 589 ) Contribution by the general fund to the SMI trust fund ( 594 ) Cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost ( 593 ) Cost subsidies : difference between service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions ( 593 ) Customs Service fees ( 576 ) Deposit fund transactions ( 600 ) Deposits by states for unemployment trust fund ( 575 ) Deposits of earnings , Federal Reserve System ( 577 ) Disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers ( 596 ) Diversion fees , Department of Justice ( 583 ) Donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed ( 598 ) Donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed ( 577 ) Downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees ( 590 ) Employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for Federal employees ( 589 ) Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs ( 588 ) Employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation ( 590 ) Federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of Federal employees ( 584 ) Federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans ( 583 ) Fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Fines and penalties ( 578 ) Forfeitures ( 578 ) Individual income taxes , corporation income taxes , social insurance taxes and contributions , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , and customs duties ( 574 ) Interchange between the Railroad Retirement Board and the Social Security and Hospital Insurance trust funds ( 594 ) Interest ( unless classified elsewhere ) ( 580 ) Interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as a result of custodial operations ( 582 ) Interest on post-1991 direct loans ( 582 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by revolving funds ( 590 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 587 ) Interest on Treasury securities held by trust revolving funds ( 591 ) Interest on uninvested funds held by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ( 591 ) Interest received by one fund from another ( 588 ) Interest received by Treasury ( 591 ) Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund ( 589 ) Intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund ( 589 ) Negative subsidies on post-1991 direct laons and loan guarantees ( 598 ) Penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity ( 578 ) Premiums for SMI ( Supplementary Medical Insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , and other insurance ( 583 ) Proceeds from the auction of the radio spectrum ( 581 ) Regulatory user fees such as patent and copyright fees ; immigration and consular fees ; SEC registration and filing fees ; and Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees ( 582 ) Reimbursement for cleanup costs ( 584 ) Reimbursement for collecting revenue ( 584 ) Rents , royalties , and bonuses on Outer Continental Shelf ( OCS ) ( 580 ) Repayment of post-1991 direct loans ( 598 ) Repayment of pre-1992 direct loans ( 599 ) Repayment of receivables : except direct loans ( 599 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity ( 586 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : revolving funds and trust revolving funds ( 592 ) Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 588 ) Revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( 595 ) Revaluation of inventory and related property ( 596 ) Sales of different types of Government assets .
index of transactions classified in appendix b acquisition of property , plant , and equipment ( 585 ) acquisition of property , plant , and equipment through exchange ( 597 ) appropriations ( 592 ) borrowing from the public ( 596 ) borrowing from treasury , the federal financing bank , or other government accounts ( 596 ) cancellation of debt ( 589 ) contribution by the general fund to the smi trust fund ( 594 ) cost subsidies : difference between internal sales price ( reimbursement ) and full cost ( 593 ) cost subsidies : difference between service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions ( 593 ) customs service fees ( 576 ) deposit fund transactions ( 600 ) deposits by states for unemployment trust fund ( 575 ) deposits of earnings , federal reserve system ( 577 ) disposition of revenue to other entities : custodial transfers ( 596 ) diversion fees , department of justice ( 583 ) donation of property , plant , and equipment : types that are expensed ( 598 ) donations : except types of property , plant , and equipment that are expensed ( 577 ) downward subsidy reestimates for post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of federal employees ( 590 ) employer entity contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans for federal employees ( 589 ) employer entity contributions to social insurance programs ( 588 ) employer entity payments for unemployment benefits and workers compensation ( 590 ) federal employee contributions to health benefits plan for current coverage of federal employees ( 584 ) federal employee contributions to pension and other retirement benefit plans ( 583 ) fees on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees ( 598 ) fines and penalties ( 578 ) forfeitures ( 578 ) individual income taxes , corporation income taxes , social insurance taxes and contributions , excise taxes , estate and gift taxes , and customs duties ( 574 ) interchange between the railroad retirement board and the social security and hospital insurance trust funds ( 594 ) interest ( unless classified elsewhere ) ( 580 ) interest on delinquent taxes and other receivables that arise as a result of custodial operations ( 582 ) interest on post-1991 direct loans ( 582 ) interest on treasury securities held by revolving funds ( 590 ) interest on treasury securities held by trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 587 ) interest on treasury securities held by trust revolving funds ( 591 ) interest on uninvested funds held by direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ( 591 ) interest received by one fund from another ( 588 ) interest received by treasury ( 591 ) intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a fund other than a revolving fund ( 589 ) intragovernmental sales of goods and services by a revolving fund ( 589 ) negative subsidies on post-1991 direct laons and loan guarantees ( 598 ) penalties due to delinquent taxes in connection with custodial activity ( 578 ) premiums for smi ( supplementary medical insurance ) , bank deposit insurance , pension benefit guarantees , crop insurance , and other insurance ( 583 ) proceeds from the auction of the radio spectrum ( 581 ) regulatory user fees such as patent and copyright fees ; immigration and consular fees ; sec registration and filing fees ; and nuclear regulatory commission fees ( 582 ) reimbursement for cleanup costs ( 584 ) reimbursement for collecting revenue ( 584 ) rents , royalties , and bonuses on outer continental shelf ( ocs ) ( 580 ) repayment of post-1991 direct loans ( 598 ) repayment of pre-1992 direct loans ( 599 ) repayment of receivables : except direct loans ( 599 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity ( 586 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : revolving funds and trust revolving funds ( 592 ) retirement of debt securities prior to maturity : trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds ( 588 ) revaluation of capitalized property , plant , and equipment ( 595 ) revaluation of inventory and related property ( 596 ) sales of different types of government [skills] .

The resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for assets and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the Federal Government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .
the resources and responsibilities do not meet the criteria for [skills] and liabilities that are required to be reported in the financial statements but are , nonetheless , important to an understanding of the operations and financial condition of the federal government at the date of the financial statements and in subsequent periods .

Assessing the overall performance of the Federal Government is not exclusively a matter of comparing revenue and expense , or its accumulated assets and liabilities .
assessing the overall performance of the federal government is not exclusively a matter of comparing revenue and expense , or its accumulated [skills] and liabilities .

However , the nature of these Federal physical assets that are classified as stewardship PP & E differ from general PP & E in that their values may be indeterminable or may have little meaning ( for example , museum collections , monuments , assets acquired in the formation of the nation ) or that allocating the cost of such assets ( for example , military weapons systems and space exploration hardware ) to accounting periods that benefit from the ownership of such assets is meaningless .
however , the nature of these federal physical [skills] that are classified as stewardship pp & e differ from general pp & e in that their values may be indeterminable or may have little meaning ( for example , museum collections , monuments , [skills] acquired in the formation of the nation ) or that allocating the cost of such [skills] ( for example , military weapons systems and space exploration hardware ) to accounting periods that benefit from the ownership of such [skills] is meaningless .

Stewardship PP & E would include stewardship land ( that is , land not acquired for or in connection with general property , plant , and equipment ) ; heritage assets ( for example , Federal monuments and memorials and historically or culturally significant property ) ; and Federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( for example , space exploration and military weapons systems ) .
stewardship pp & e would include stewardship land ( that is , land not acquired for or in connection with general property , plant , and equipment ) ; heritage [skills] ( for example , federal monuments and memorials and historically or culturally significant property ) ; and federal mission property , plant , and equipment ( for example , space exploration and military weapons systems ) .

In defining the specific categories of items , or elements , that would appear as stewardship information , the Board decided on the following : • Property owned by the Federal Government and meeting the definition of one of the following three categories : -Property , plant , and equipment of historical , natural , cultural , educational or artistic significance , referred to as heritage assets , for example , the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial ; 5 See SFFAC No .
in defining the specific categories of items , or elements , that would appear as stewardship information , the board decided on the following : • property owned by the federal government and meeting the definition of one of the following three categories : -property , plant , and equipment of historical , natural , cultural , educational or artistic significance , referred to as heritage [skills] , for example , the washington monument and the lincoln memorial ; 5 see sffac no .

Some investments in stewardship land , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category , and 2 ) by the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage assets category .
some investments in stewardship land , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category , and 2 ) by the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage [skills] category .

For stewardship land and heritage assets , measurement will be done on other than a financial basis .
for stewardship land and heritage [skills] , measurement will be done on other than a financial basis .

Many state and local governments , members of Congressional oversight committees , and national groups , have raised the issue of the deteriorating condition of federally-owned PP & E because of deferred maintenance associated with these assets .
many state and local governments , members of congressional oversight committees , and national groups , have raised the issue of the deteriorating condition of federally-owned pp & e because of deferred maintenance associated with these [skills] .

Because the financial reports of the Federal Government present the aggregation of information about stewardship investments and assets related to varied agencies and programs , further deliberations by the Board are needed to reach a decision on the amount and nature of information to be required under this standard for reporting in the consolidated financial report .
because the financial reports of the federal government present the aggregation of information about stewardship investments and [skills] related to varied agencies and programs , further deliberations by the board are needed to reach a decision on the amount and nature of information to be required under this standard for reporting in the consolidated financial report .

CHAPTER 2 : HERITAGE ASSETS Heritage Assets Heritage assets shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and the component units of the Federal Government responsible for such assets .
chapter 2 : heritage [skills] heritage [skills] heritage [skills] shall be reported as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and the component units of the federal government responsible for such [skills] .

Heritage assets shall be reported in terms of physical units rather than cost , fair value , or other monetary values .
heritage [skills] shall be reported in terms of physical units rather than cost , fair value , or other monetary values .

Heritage assets are generally expected to be preserved indefinitely .
heritage [skills] are generally expected to be preserved indefinitely .

Some investments in heritage assets , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage assets category , and by 2 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category ( see Chapter 4 of this document ) .
some investments in heritage [skills] , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage [skills] category , and by 2 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category ( see chapter 4 of this document ) .

Heritage assets shall be quantified in terms of physical units ( for example , number of items in collections or the number of national parks ) .
heritage [skills] shall be quantified in terms of physical units ( for example , number of items in collections or the number of national parks ) .

No asset amount shall be shown on the balance sheet of the Federal financial statements for heritage assets .
no asset amount shall be shown on the balance sheet of the federal financial statements for heritage [skills] .

Not all heritage assets are used solely for heritage purposes -- some serve two purposes by providing reminders of our heritage and by being used in day-to-day government operations unrelated to the assets themselves .
not all heritage [skills] are used solely for heritage purposes -- some serve two purposes by providing reminders of our heritage and by being used in day-to-day government operations unrelated to the [skills] themselves .

The cost of renovating , improving , or reconstructing operating components of heritage assets used in Government operations shall be included in general PP & E .
the cost of renovating , improving , or reconstructing operating components of heritage [skills] used in government operations shall be included in general pp & e .

Heritage assets consist of ( 1 ) collection-type heritage assets , such as objects gathered and maintained for exhibition , for example , museum collections , art collections , and library collections ; and ( 2 ) noncollection-type heritage assets , such as , parks , memorials , monuments , and buildings .
heritage [skills] consist of ( 1 ) collection-type heritage [skills] , such as objects gathered and maintained for exhibition , for example , museum collections , art collections , and library collections ; and ( 2 ) noncollection-type heritage [skills] , such as , parks , memorials , monuments , and buildings .

For guidance in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage assets transferred from other federal entities , and heritage assets acquired through donation or devise , see the general PP & E standard contained in Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
for guidance in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage [skills] transferred from other federal entities , and heritage [skills] acquired through donation or devise , see the general pp & e standard contained in accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

For guidance on heritage assets that were previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Standards ( SFFAS ) No .
for guidance on heritage [skills] that were previously recognized as [skills] for balance sheet reporting , see statement of federal financial accounting standards ( sffas ) no .

Examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .
examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of [skills] above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .

Weapons systems include only those assets owned by defense agencies and defense support agencies that would otherwise meet the property , plant , and equipment definition .
weapons systems include only those [skills] owned by defense agencies and defense support agencies that would otherwise meet the property , plant , and equipment definition .

For guidance on Federal mission PP & E previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see SFFAS No .
for guidance on federal mission pp & e previously recognized as [skills] for balance sheet reporting , see sffas no .

Examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .
examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of [skills] above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .

If fair value is not estimable , information related to the type and quantity of assets received shall be disclosed in the year received .
if fair value is not estimable , information related to the type and quantity of [skills] received shall be disclosed in the year received .

For guidance relating to stewardship land that was previously recognized as assets for balance sheet reporting , see SFFAS No .
for guidance relating to stewardship land that was previously recognized as [skills] for balance sheet reporting , see sffas no .

Examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of assets above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .
examples of condition information include , among others , ( 1 ) averages of standardized condition rating codes ; ( 2 ) percentage of [skills] above , at , or below acceptable condition ; or ( 3 ) narrative information .

Stewardship PP & E includes heritage assets , Federal mission PP & E , and stewardship land .
stewardship pp & e includes heritage [skills] , federal mission pp & e , and stewardship land .

Period costs related to stewardship PP & E are of diminished usefulness because of uncertain useful life ( e.g. , heritage assets , Federal mission PP & E ) , uncertain historical cost basis ( e.g. , stewardship land ) , or probability of being destroyed in use ( e.g. , Federal mission PP & E ) .
period costs related to stewardship pp & e are of diminished usefulness because of uncertain useful life ( e.g. , heritage [skills] , federal mission pp & e ) , uncertain historical cost basis ( e.g. , stewardship land ) , or probability of being destroyed in use ( e.g. , federal mission pp & e ) .

The Board , however , recognizes that significant practical problems may arise if an agency is compelled to adopt a specified costing approach for reporting stewardship assets , and that such cost approach would not be used for computing the net cost of operations .
the board , however , recognizes that significant practical problems may arise if an agency is compelled to adopt a specified costing approach for reporting stewardship [skills] , and that such cost approach would not be used for computing the net cost of operations .

In the example above , Yellowstone National Park would be reported under a category , such as `` National Parks , '' as one of the total number of heritage assets under the auspices of the Department of the Interior ; it also would be reported by the number of acres that it occupies under the stewardship land category for the Department .
in the example above , yellowstone national park would be reported under a category , such as `` national parks , '' as one of the total number of heritage [skills] under the auspices of the department of the interior ; it also would be reported by the number of acres that it occupies under the stewardship land category for the department .

Standards related to heritage assets and stewardship land call for reporting in terms of physical units ( e.g. , number of parks or acres of land ) rather than in terms of historical cost .
standards related to heritage [skills] and stewardship land call for reporting in terms of physical units ( e.g. , number of parks or acres of land ) rather than in terms of historical cost .

HERITAGE ASSETS ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION Heritage assets are PP & E that possess one or more of the following characteristics : historical or natural significance ; cultural , educational or aesthetic value ; or significant architectural characteristics .
heritage [skills] annual stewardship information heritage [skills] are pp & e that possess one or more of the following characteristics : historical or natural significance ; cultural , educational or aesthetic value ; or significant architectural characteristics .

The cost of heritage assets is not often relevant or determinable .
the cost of heritage [skills] is not often relevant or determinable .

In addition , the useful life of heritage assets is generally not reasonably estimable for depreciation purposes .
in addition , the useful life of heritage [skills] is generally not reasonably estimable for depreciation purposes .

The most relevant information about heritage assets is their existence and condition .
the most relevant information about heritage [skills] is their existence and condition .

Therefore , heritage assets are reported in terms of physical units .
therefore , heritage [skills] are reported in terms of physical units .

Various agencies operate and maintain heritage assets .
various agencies operate and maintain heritage [skills] .

Below is information on deferred maintenance on stewardship assets .
below is information on deferred maintenance on stewardship [skills] .

S6P26 Heritage Assets .
s6p26 heritage [skills] .

ASSETS -Tangible or intangible items owned by the federal government which would have probable economic benefits that can be obtained or controlled by a federal government entity .
[skills] -tangible or intangible items owned by the federal government which would have probable economic benefits that can be obtained or controlled by a federal government entity .

HERITAGE ASSETS -Property , plant , and equipment that are unique for one or more of the following reasons : historical or natural significance ; cultural , educational or artistic ( e.g. , aesthetic ) importance ; or , significant architectural characteristics .
heritage [skills] -property , plant , and equipment that are unique for one or more of the following reasons : historical or natural significance ; cultural , educational or artistic ( e.g. , aesthetic ) importance ; or , significant architectural characteristics .

LIFE-CYCLE COSTING - An acquisition or procurement technique which considers operating , maintenance , and other costs in addition to the acquisition cost of assets .
life-cycle costing - an acquisition or procurement technique which considers operating , maintenance , and other costs in addition to the acquisition cost of [skills] .

The accumulated and reported data enable management and other interested parties to measure and make decisions about the agency's/segment 's ability to improve operations , safeguard assets , control its resources , and determine if mission objectives are being met .
the accumulated and reported data enable management and other interested parties to measure and make decisions about the agency's/segment 's ability to improve operations , safeguard [skills] , control its resources , and determine if mission objectives are being met .

Direct modifications are actions that change the subsidy cost by altering the terms of existing contracts or by selling loan assets .
direct modifications are actions that change the subsidy cost by altering the terms of existing contracts or by selling loan [skills] .

VALUATION ACCOUNT ( ALLOWANCE OR RESERVE ) -An account that partly or wholly offsets one or more other accounts ; for example , accumulated depreciation is a valuation account related to specific depreciable assets and allowance for bad debts is a valuation account related to accounts receivable .
valuation account ( allowance or reserve ) -an account that partly or wholly offsets one or more other accounts ; for example , accumulated depreciation is a valuation account related to specific depreciable [skills] and allowance for bad debts is a valuation account related to accounts receivable .

Application may be made to a single asset , a group of assets , or an entire enterprise , as determined by various bases and methods .
application may be made to a single asset , a group of [skills] , or an entire enterprise , as determined by various bases and methods .

WRITE-OFF -An action to remove an amount from an entity 's assets .
write-off -an action to remove an amount from an entity 's [skills] .

For example , in a knowledge-based economy , one could argue that the most important assets are people ( human capital ) ; however , current financial reporting records investments in people as an expense and liability .
for example , in a knowledge-based economy , one could argue that the most important [skills] are people ( human capital ) ; however , current financial reporting records investments in people as an expense and liability .

Participants agreed that it would be useful if financial reporting recognized people as assets , but raised the difficulty in valuing human capital .
participants agreed that it would be useful if financial reporting recognized people as [skills] , but raised the difficulty in valuing human capital .

ERISA protects a plan 's named fiduciary from liability for the individual decisions of an `` investment manager '' appointed by the fiduciary to manage the plan 's assets .
erisa protects a plan 's named fiduciary from liability for the individual decisions of an `` investment manager '' appointed by the fiduciary to manage the plan 's [skills] .

In response to concerns expressed , the final rule increases the threshold for Commission registration from $ 25 to $ 30 million of assets under management .
in response to concerns expressed , the final rule increases the threshold for commission registration from $ 25 to $ 30 million of [skills] under management .

JFMIP requirements documents include ( 1 ) a framework for financial management systems , ( 2 ) core financial management systems 6 Examples of internal control include separation of duties , limited access to assets and information , clear documentation of all transactions and events , and the timely recording of transactions and events .
jfmip requirements documents include ( 1 ) a framework for financial management systems , ( 2 ) core financial management systems 6 examples of internal control include separation of duties , limited access to [skills] and information , clear documentation of all transactions and events , and the timely recording of transactions and events .

Because of the increased accountability associated with government audits , auditors performing financial audits in accordance with GAGAS should consider the following guidance related to audit risk and materiality ( see paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 ) , internal control over safeguarding of assets ( see paragraphs 4.28 through 4.33 ) , internal control over compliance ( see paragraphs 4.34 through 4.36 ) , and professional judgment concerning possible fraud and illegal acts ( see paragraphs 4.37 and 4.39 ) .
because of the increased accountability associated with government audits , auditors performing financial audits in accordance with gagas should consider the following guidance related to audit risk and materiality ( see paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 ) , internal control over safeguarding of [skills] ( see paragraphs 4.28 through 4.33 ) , internal control over compliance ( see paragraphs 4.34 through 4.36 ) , and professional judgment concerning possible fraud and illegal acts ( see paragraphs 4.37 and 4.39 ) .

Such controls are designed to help ensure the use of and access to assets are in accordance with management 's authorization .
such controls are designed to help ensure the use of and access to [skills] are in accordance with management 's authorization .

Authorization includes approval of transactions in accordance with control activities established by management to safeguard assets , such as establishing and complying with requirements for extending and monitoring credit or making investment decisions , and related documentation .
authorization includes approval of transactions in accordance with control activities established by management to safeguard [skills] , such as establishing and complying with requirements for extending and monitoring credit or making investment decisions , and related documentation .

Control over safeguarding of assets is not designed to protect against loss of assets arising from inefficiency or from management 's operating decisions , such as incurring expenditures for equipment or material that proves to be unnecessary or unsatisfactory .
control over safeguarding of [skills] is not designed to protect against loss of [skills] arising from inefficiency or from management 's operating decisions , such as incurring expenditures for equipment or material that proves to be unnecessary or unsatisfactory .

They also require auditors to plan the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material fraud , including material misappropriation of assets .
they also require auditors to plan the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material fraud , including material misappropriation of [skills] .

It also helps prevent or detect other material losses that could result from unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of assets .
it also helps prevent or detect other material losses that could result from unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of [skills] .

Such controls include , for example , the process of assessing the risk of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of assets and establishing control activities to help ensure that management directives to address the risk are carried out .
such controls include , for example , the process of assessing the risk of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of [skills] and establishing control activities to help ensure that management directives to address the risk are carried out .

Such control activities would include permitting acquisition , use , or disposition of assets only in accordance with management 's general or specific authorization , including compliance with established control activities for such acquisition , use , or disposition .
such control activities would include permitting acquisition , use , or disposition of [skills] only in accordance with management 's general or specific authorization , including compliance with established control activities for such acquisition , use , or disposition .

They would also include comparing existing assets with the related records at reasonable intervals and taking appropriate action with respect to any differences .
they would also include comparing existing [skills] with the related records at reasonable intervals and taking appropriate action with respect to any differences .

Finally , controls over safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition also relate to making available to management information it needs to carry out its responsibilities related to prevention or timely detection of such unauthorized activities , as well as mechanisms to enable management to monitor the continued effective operation of such controls .
finally , controls over safeguarding of [skills] against unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition also relate to making available to management information it needs to carry out its responsibilities related to prevention or timely detection of such unauthorized activities , as well as mechanisms to enable management to monitor the continued effective operation of such controls .

Internal control also serves as the first line of defense in safeguarding assets and preventing and detecting errors and fraud .
internal control also serves as the first line of defense in safeguarding [skills] and preventing and detecting errors and fraud .

Since then , audit reports have continued to identify widespread information security weaknesses that place critical federal operations and assets at risk .
since then , audit reports have continued to identify widespread information security weaknesses that place critical federal operations and [skills] at risk .

As a result , billions of dollars in federal assets are at risk of loss , vast amounts of sensitive data are at risk of inappropriate disclosure , and critical computer-based operations are vulnerable to serious disruptions .
as a result , billions of dollars in federal [skills] are at risk of loss , vast amounts of sensitive data are at risk of inappropriate disclosure , and critical computer-based operations are vulnerable to serious disruptions .

Practice 1 : Recognize Information Resources as Essential Organizational Assets That Must Be Protected `` Information technology is an integral and critical ingredient for the successful functioning of major U.S .
practice 1 : recognize information resources as essential organizational [skills] that must be protected `` information technology is an integral and critical ingredient for the successful functioning of major u.s .

Ultimately , the decision as to what controls are needed lies with the business managers , who take into account the nature of the information assets and their importance to business operations and the cost of controls .
ultimately , the decision as to what controls are needed lies with the business managers , who take into account the nature of the information [skills] and their importance to business operations and the cost of controls .

It also reinforced the business managers ' sense of ownership of their information assets .
it also reinforced the business managers ' sense of ownership of their information [skills] .

Federal employees should be viewed not as costs to be cut , but as assets to be valued .
federal employees should be viewed not as costs to be cut , but as [skills] to be valued .

The Final Analysis for the Registration Form rule notes that of the approximately 2,700 registered open-end management investment companies , approximately 620 or GAO/OGC-98-40 23 percent are funds which meet the definition of small entities with net assets of $ 50 million or less at the end of the most recent fiscal year .
the final analysis for the registration form rule notes that of the approximately 2,700 registered open-end management investment companies , approximately 620 or gao/ogc-98-40 23 percent are funds which meet the definition of small entities with net [skills] of $ 50 million or less at the end of the most recent fiscal year .

Internal control also serves as the first line of defense in safeguarding assets and preventing and detecting errors and fraud .
internal control also serves as the first line of defense in safeguarding [skills] and preventing and detecting errors and fraud .

A subset of these objectives is the safeguarding of assets .
a subset of these objectives is the safeguarding of [skills] .

Internal control should be designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention of or prompt detection of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of an agency 's assets .
internal control should be designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention of or prompt detection of unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition of an agency 's [skills] .

Examples include edit checks of data entered , accounting for transactions in numerical sequences , comparing file totals with control Page 13 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Physical Control Over Vulnerable Assets Establishment and Review of Performance Measures and Indicators Segregation of Duties Proper Execution of Transactions and Events accounts , and controlling access to data , files , and programs .
examples include edit checks of data entered , accounting for transactions in numerical sequences , comparing file totals with control page 13 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) physical control over vulnerable [skills] establishment and review of performance measures and indicators segregation of duties proper execution of transactions and events accounts , and controlling access to data , files , and programs .

An agency must establish physical control to secure and safeguard vulnerable assets .
an agency must establish physical control to secure and safeguard vulnerable [skills] .

Examples include security for and limited access to assets such as cash , securities , inventories , and equipment which might be vulnerable to risk of loss or unauthorized use .
examples include security for and limited access to [skills] such as cash , securities , inventories , and equipment which might be vulnerable to risk of loss or unauthorized use .

Such assets should be periodically counted and compared to control records .
such [skills] should be periodically counted and compared to control records .

This should include separating the responsibilities for authorizing transactions , processing and recording them , reviewing the transactions , and handling any related assets .
this should include separating the responsibilities for authorizing transactions , processing and recording them , reviewing the transactions , and handling any related [skills] .

Specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to assets , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .
specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to [skills] , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .

This covers a broad range of data from purchases , subsidies , and other transactions to data on fixed assets , inventories , and receivables .
this covers a broad range of data from purchases , subsidies , and other transactions to data on fixed [skills] , inventories , and receivables .

Federal facilities comprise a portfolio of significant , durable assets that have been acquired to support specific functions and missions and the Practices in Federal general conduct of the government 's business .
federal facilities comprise a portfolio of significant , durable [skills] that have been acquired to support specific functions and missions and the practices in federal general conduct of the government 's business .

In addition , if security and internal control requirements are not well defined , control over sensitive information or other assets may be lost .
in addition , if security and internal control requirements are not well defined , control over sensitive information or other [skills] may be lost .

Strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing assets do not contribute to saving as measured in NIPA .
strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing [skills] do not contribute to saving as measured in nipa .

Whereas employer contributions to pension funds as well as pension funds ' interest and dividend income are part of personal income and contribute to personal saving , increases in the market value of assets held by pension funds , for example , are not counted as personal income and saving .
whereas employer contributions to pension funds as well as pension funds ' interest and dividend income are part of personal income and contribute to personal saving , increases in the market value of [skills] held by pension funds , for example , are not counted as personal income and saving .

Although an individual household can tap its wealth by selling assets to finance consumption or accumulate other assets , the sale of an existing asset merely transfers ownership ; it does not generate new economic output .
although an individual household can tap its wealth by selling [skills] to finance consumption or accumulate other [skills] , the sale of an existing asset merely transfers ownership ; it does not generate new economic output .

A negative saving rate means that , in aggregate , households are spending more than their current income by drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing .
a negative saving rate means that , in aggregate , households are spending more than their current income by drawing down past saving , selling existing [skills] , or borrowing .

Since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets ( see figure 1.2 ) .
since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing [skills] ( see figure 1.2 ) .

As a result , Social Security benefits must be supplemented by private pensions , accumulated assets , or other resources in order for individuals to maintain a reasonable standard of living in retirement compared to their final working years .
as a result , social security benefits must be supplemented by private pensions , accumulated [skills] , or other resources in order for individuals to maintain a reasonable standard of living in retirement compared to their final working years .

Pensions , income from accumulated assets , and earnings from continued employment largely determine which households will have the highest retirement income ( see figures 1.4 and 1.5 ) .
pensions , income from accumulated [skills] , and earnings from continued employment largely determine which households will have the highest retirement income ( see figures 1.4 and 1.5 ) .

Nipa focuses on the incomes arising from current production of goods and services and , thus , does not count revaluation of existing assets in national saving .
nipa focuses on the incomes arising from current production of goods and services and , thus , does not count revaluation of existing [skills] in national saving .

Changes in the market value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land and stocks , reflect expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital , but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real , permanent changes in the nation 's productive capacity .
changes in the market value of existing tangible and financial [skills] , such as land and stocks , reflect expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital , but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real , permanent changes in the nation 's productive capacity .

Persistent U.S. current account deficits have translated into a rising level of indebtedness to other countries , i.e. , net U.S. holdings of foreign assets ( see figure 3.3 ) .
persistent u.s. current account deficits have translated into a rising level of indebtedness to other countries , i.e. , net u.s. holdings of foreign [skills] ( see figure 3.3 ) .

Accumulating nonfederal financial assets , such as stocks , could be another way that government saving could translate into resources available for investment , but this idea is controversial .
accumulating nonfederal financial [skills] , such as stocks , could be another way that government saving could translate into resources available for investment , but this idea is controversial .

In everyday terms , `` saving '' means spending less than your income and `` savings '' are the assets accumulated over time .
in everyday terms , `` saving '' means spending less than your income and `` savings '' are the [skills] accumulated over time .

The terms `` assets accumulated '' and `` wealth '' are used for the cumulative stock of resources built over time-what people commonly think of as `` savings . ''
the terms `` [skills] accumulated '' and `` wealth '' are used for the cumulative stock of resources built over time-what people commonly think of as `` savings . ''

NIPA personal spending includes , for example , food , clothing , rent , utilities , and medical care ; consumer interest payments ; and consumer durables , such as cars and major appliances.4 Strange as it may seem to the average household , changes in the value of existing assets , such as stocks , bonds , or real estate , do not contribute to NIPA personal income and saving .
nipa personal spending includes , for example , food , clothing , rent , utilities , and medical care ; consumer interest payments ; and consumer durables , such as cars and major appliances.4 strange as it may seem to the average household , changes in the value of existing [skills] , such as stocks , bonds , or real estate , do not contribute to nipa personal income and saving .

Although the NIPA personal saving rate is the measure most frequently cited by analysts and the media , an alternative macroeconomic measure of personal saving is available from the Federal Reserve 's Flow of Funds Accounts ( FFA ) .5 Whereas NIPA measures saving as what is left over from personal income after taxes and personal spending , FFA measures saving as the net increase in households ' financial and tangible assets less the net increase in households ' liabilities .
although the nipa personal saving rate is the measure most frequently cited by analysts and the media , an alternative macroeconomic measure of personal saving is available from the federal reserve 's flow of funds accounts ( ffa ) .5 whereas nipa measures saving as what is left over from personal income after taxes and personal spending , ffa measures saving as the net increase in households ' financial and tangible [skills] less the net increase in households ' liabilities .

The Flow of Funds Accounts ( FFA ) measure the acquisition of physical and financial assets throughout the U.S. economy and the sources of funds used to acquire the assets .
the flow of funds accounts ( ffa ) measure the acquisition of physical and financial [skills] throughout the u.s. economy and the sources of funds used to acquire the [skills] .

Given that the personal saving rate is an aggregate measure , some individuals might be saving a lot even while others are drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing to finance their current consumption .
given that the personal saving rate is an aggregate measure , some individuals might be saving a lot even while others are drawing down past saving , selling existing [skills] , or borrowing to finance their current consumption .

One way to measure households ' wealth is net worth , or the difference between households ' assets and their liabilities.6 The change in households ' net worth is broader than the NIPA or FFA measures of personal saving and includes both the flow of saving from current income plus any increase ( or decrease ) in the market value of existing assets such as houses and stocks .
one way to measure households ' wealth is net worth , or the difference between households ' [skills] and their liabilities.6 the change in households ' net worth is broader than the nipa or ffa measures of personal saving and includes both the flow of saving from current income plus any increase ( or decrease ) in the market value of existing [skills] such as houses and stocks .

For the economy as a whole , however , the change in households ' net worth due to revaluation of households ' existing assets does not represent resources available to invest in the nation 's capital stock.7 A1.3 .
for the economy as a whole , however , the change in households ' net worth due to revaluation of households ' existing [skills] does not represent resources available to invest in the nation 's capital stock.7 a1.3 .

For further discussion of whether revaluation of existing assets counts as saving , see questions 1.7 and 2.4 .
for further discussion of whether revaluation of existing [skills] counts as saving , see questions 1.7 and 2.4 .

The standard theory for explaining personal saving is the life-cycle model.9 The basic hypothesis is that people save and accumulate assets to smooth out their consumption and standard of living over their lifetimes .
the standard theory for explaining personal saving is the life-cycle model.9 the basic hypothesis is that people save and accumulate [skills] to smooth out their consumption and standard of living over their lifetimes .

Workers in their peak earning years save to repay past borrowing and to accumulate assets for retirement .
workers in their peak earning years save to repay past borrowing and to accumulate [skills] for retirement .

In saving for retirement , individuals theoretically take into account not only their expected retirement age and the number of years they expect to live in retirement but also project their expected income , real returns on assets accumulated , and inflation over their lifetime .
in saving for retirement , individuals theoretically take into account not only their expected retirement age and the number of years they expect to live in retirement but also project their expected income , real returns on [skills] accumulated , and inflation over their lifetime .

For example , requirements specifying low levels of financial assets in order to qualify for government benefits may discourage personal saving .
for example , requirements specifying low levels of financial [skills] in order to qualify for government benefits may discourage personal saving .

People may have saved less because they were confident about future income prospects , and households were wealthier because of gains on their existing assets .
people may have saved less because they were confident about future income prospects , and households were wealthier because of gains on their existing [skills] .

It is widely known that saving from current income is the way to accumulate assets and repay past borrowing , thus increasing net worth .
it is widely known that saving from current income is the way to accumulate [skills] and repay past borrowing , thus increasing net worth .

The flow of saving is essential to accumulating a stock of wealth-as a general rule someone who never saves will have no wealth.20 Conversely , dissaving-spending more than current income-reduces the stock of wealth because amounts saved in the past must be drawn down , existing assets sold , or borrowing increased .
the flow of saving is essential to accumulating a stock of wealth-as a general rule someone who never saves will have no wealth.20 conversely , dissaving-spending more than current income-reduces the stock of wealth because amounts saved in the past must be drawn down , existing [skills] sold , or borrowing increased .

Under the life-cycle model , people save to accumulate assets to finance future consumption , and attaining their wealth-to-income target depends in part on the rate of return anticipated .
under the life-cycle model , people save to accumulate [skills] to finance future consumption , and attaining their wealth-to-income target depends in part on the rate of return anticipated .

Assets accumulated can generate income in the form of interest and dividends that in turn may be saved .
[skills] accumulated can generate income in the form of interest and dividends that in turn may be saved .

Moreover , the change in net worth not only includes the saving flow from current income but also reflects changes in the market value of assets accumulated by households .
moreover , the change in net worth not only includes the saving flow from current income but also reflects changes in the market value of [skills] accumulated by households .

In other words , when households ' existing assets increase in value , people can save less from current income and still achieve their wealth-income target .
in other words , when households ' existing [skills] increase in value , people can save less from current income and still achieve their wealth-income target .

If households ' existing assets lose value , people have to save more to attain their wealth-income target .
if households ' existing [skills] lose value , people have to save more to attain their wealth-income target .

For example , gains on existing assets reduce the amount of an employer 's contribution necessary to fund its pension liability .
for example , gains on existing [skills] reduce the amount of an employer 's contribution necessary to fund its pension liability .

Moreover , the mix of assets held by American households has changed dramatically .
moreover , the mix of [skills] held by american households has changed dramatically .

Traditionally , real estate has represented households ' largest asset ; while the total value of households ' real estate holdings grew by 50 percent over the 1990s , real estate steadily declined as a share of households ' total assets from 31 percent in 1990 to 23 percent in 1999 .
traditionally , real estate has represented households ' largest asset ; while the total value of households ' real estate holdings grew by 50 percent over the 1990s , real estate steadily declined as a share of households ' total [skills] from 31 percent in 1990 to 23 percent in 1999 .

Meanwhile , the total value of households ' stock holdings grew more than fourfold over the 1990s , and stocks as a share of households ' total assets increased from 10 percent in 1990 to 28 percent in 1999.21 As figure 1.2 shows , household wealth accumulation has swelled relative to disposable personal income even as the flow of saving from current income has dwindled .
meanwhile , the total value of households ' stock holdings grew more than fourfold over the 1990s , and stocks as a share of households ' total [skills] increased from 10 percent in 1990 to 28 percent in 1999.21 as figure 1.2 shows , household wealth accumulation has swelled relative to disposable personal income even as the flow of saving from current income has dwindled .

Recent research estimated that the growth in households ' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the increase in the nominal value of existing assets .
recent research estimated that the growth in households ' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the increase in the nominal value of existing [skills] .

Over the 1970s and 1980s , the increase in the nominal value of existing assets was estimated to be about twice as large as the flow from saving.22 In recent years , nominal gains on households ' assets-particularly financial assets-have dwarfed the saving flow .
over the 1970s and 1980s , the increase in the nominal value of existing [skills] was estimated to be about twice as large as the flow from saving.22 in recent years , nominal gains on households ' assets-particularly financial assets-have dwarfed the saving flow .

The total value of households ' stock holdings declined by nearly 18 percent in 2000 , and stocks as a share of households ' total assets declined to less than 24 percent .
the total value of households ' stock holdings declined by nearly 18 percent in 2000 , and stocks as a share of households ' total [skills] declined to less than 24 percent .

Page 29 GAO-01-591SP National Saving would not treat gains on existing assets as a windfall to spend today .
page 29 gao-01-591sp national saving would not treat gains on existing [skills] as a windfall to spend today .

Likewise , changes in wealth perceived to be temporary due to fluctuating market values of assets would not affect planned spending .
likewise , changes in wealth perceived to be temporary due to fluctuating market values of [skills] would not affect planned spending .

With the personal saving rate around zero or negative , economists have questioned the relevance of the NIPA personal saving measure.24 Wealth measures , which reflect the value of existing assets based on current market conditions , show a fundamentally different trend , as illustrated in figure 1.2.25 Although these supplementary measures may explain why individual households may choose to save less , the NIPA personal saving rate shows that people are consuming virtually all of their current income and saving little for the future .
with the personal saving rate around zero or negative , economists have questioned the relevance of the nipa personal saving measure.24 wealth measures , which reflect the value of existing [skills] based on current market conditions , show a fundamentally different trend , as illustrated in figure 1.2.25 although these supplementary measures may explain why individual households may choose to save less , the nipa personal saving rate shows that people are consuming virtually all of their current income and saving little for the future .

A key difference between measuring the nation 's saving and gauging a household 's finances is the treatment of changes in the market value of existing assets .
a key difference between measuring the nation 's saving and gauging a household 's finances is the treatment of changes in the market value of existing [skills] .

Although an individual household can tap the increased value of its assets to finance additional consumption or accumulate other assets by selling an asset to another household , the transaction itself shifts ownership of the existing asset and does not generate new economic output .
although an individual household can tap the increased value of its [skills] to finance additional consumption or accumulate other [skills] by selling an asset to another household , the transaction itself shifts ownership of the existing asset and does not generate new economic output .

For alternative measures including changes in the market value of households ' existing assets , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , `` Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , '' Brookings Papers on Economic Activity ( 1:1999 ) , pp .
for alternative measures including changes in the market value of households ' existing [skills] , see william g. gale and john sabelhaus , `` perspectives on the household saving rate , '' brookings papers on economic activity ( 1:1999 ) , pp .

However , the sale of assets to foreigners can affect the nation 's ability to consume and invest .
however , the sale of [skills] to foreigners can affect the nation 's ability to consume and invest .

Some economists and analysts are concerned that individual households are living beyond their means and some may have been counting on continued high gains on their assets to finance future consumption .
some economists and analysts are concerned that individual households are living beyond their means and some may have been counting on continued high gains on their [skills] to finance future consumption .

The Survey of Consumer Finances provides detailed data on family net worth and holdings of assets and liabilities.29 Figure 1.3 shows that many households have accumulated little , if any , net worth .
the survey of consumer finances provides detailed data on family net worth and holdings of [skills] and liabilities.29 figure 1.3 shows that many households have accumulated little , if any , net worth .

Choices about whether to invest , for example , in the stock market or in less risky , lower-yielding assets such as a bank saving account also make a difference .
choices about whether to invest , for example , in the stock market or in less risky , lower-yielding [skills] such as a bank saving account also make a difference .

Regardless of income level , those households that do not save much will have few assets on which to enjoy gains .
regardless of income level , those households that do not save much will have few [skills] on which to enjoy gains .

Pension benefits accounted for 19 percent of the elderly 's cash income in 1998 and income from individuals ' accumulated assets for another 20 percent .
pension benefits accounted for 19 percent of the elderly 's cash income in 1998 and income from individuals ' accumulated [skills] for another 20 percent .

Social Security currently replaces about 53 percent for low earners and about 24 percent for those who earned the taxable maximum ( $ 72,600 in 2000 ) .33 While Social Security provides a foundation for retirement income , pensions , income from accumulated assets , and current earnings largely determine which households will have the highest retirement incomes , as figure 1.5 shows .
social security currently replaces about 53 percent for low earners and about 24 percent for those who earned the taxable maximum ( $ 72,600 in 2000 ) .33 while social security provides a foundation for retirement income , pensions , income from accumulated [skills] , and current earnings largely determine which households will have the highest retirement incomes , as figure 1.5 shows .

For the highest quintile , pensions are a more significant income source than Social Security , but pensions represent a smaller share for this group than either income from accumulated assets or earnings .
for the highest quintile , pensions are a more significant income source than social security , but pensions represent a smaller share for this group than either income from accumulated [skills] or earnings .

Second Third Fourth Fifth Income Level ( Quintile ) Other Earnings Pensions Income from accumulated assets Social Security Note : Median incomes for each quintile are GAO estimates .
second third fourth fifth income level ( quintile ) other earnings pensions income from accumulated [skills] social security note : median incomes for each quintile are gao estimates .

The cash surplus/deficit excludes interest earnings on trust fund assets and interest expense associated with the assumed borrowing .
the cash surplus/deficit excludes interest earnings on trust fund [skills] and interest expense associated with the assumed borrowing .

The cash surplus/deficit excludes interest earnings on trust fund assets and interest expense associated with the assumed borrowing .
the cash surplus/deficit excludes interest earnings on trust fund [skills] and interest expense associated with the assumed borrowing .

For individuals , assets accumulated by saving provide a key source of retirement income ( see Q1.8 ) .
for individuals , [skills] accumulated by saving provide a key source of retirement income ( see q1.8 ) .

This increase in depreciation reflects a shift in the capital stock 's composition from long-lived assets with relatively low depreciation rates , like steel mills , to shorter-lived assets such as computers and software .
this increase in depreciation reflects a shift in the capital stock 's composition from long-lived [skills] with relatively low depreciation rates , like steel mills , to shorter-lived [skills] such as computers and software .

NIPA personal saving is measured net of depreciation on fixed assets owned by unincorporated businesses and owner-occupied residential dwellings .
nipa personal saving is measured net of depreciation on fixed [skills] owned by unincorporated businesses and owner-occupied residential dwellings .

Because household purchases of residential dwellings are treated as business investment in NIPA , the depreciation on these assets is included in gross business saving .
because household purchases of residential dwellings are treated as business investment in nipa , the depreciation on these [skills] is included in gross business saving .

Government saving , also called a surplus , adds to the pool of national saving available to finance investment and allows a government to reduce its outstanding debt or purchase nongovernment assets .
government saving , also called a surplus , adds to the pool of national saving available to finance investment and allows a government to reduce its outstanding debt or purchase nongovernment [skills] .

To finance a deficit , a government has to borrow or sell assets it owns .
to finance a deficit , a government has to borrow or sell [skills] it owns .

Federal Reserve researchers estimated that , as of the early 1990s , U.S. investment including education and R & D had declined as a share of GDP since the 1970s.14 A more controversial measure of personal saving would include changes in the value of existing assets.15 Since NIPA focuses on the current production of goods and services and on the income arising from that production , NIPA income and saving do not reflect changes in the value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land , stocks , or bonds .
federal reserve researchers estimated that , as of the early 1990s , u.s. investment including education and r & d had declined as a share of gdp since the 1970s.14 a more controversial measure of personal saving would include changes in the value of existing assets.15 since nipa focuses on the current production of goods and services and on the income arising from that production , nipa income and saving do not reflect changes in the value of existing tangible and financial [skills] , such as land , stocks , or bonds .

Whether changes in the market value of existing assets should be counted as saving is beyond the scope of this report .
whether changes in the market value of existing [skills] should be counted as saving is beyond the scope of this report .

However , it is uncertain whether wealth-based measures are reliable for gauging the growth in the nation 's capital stock and whether revaluation of existing assets should count as saving for society as a whole .
however , it is uncertain whether wealth-based measures are reliable for gauging the growth in the nation 's capital stock and whether revaluation of existing [skills] should count as saving for society as a whole .

Some portion of the change in the market value of existing assets may reflect increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 Most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 For example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .
some portion of the change in the market value of existing [skills] may reflect increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 most gains and losses from transferring [skills] within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 for example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .

Moreover , the market value of financial assets is often volatile and may not reflect a real , permanent change in the productive potential of the underlying capital assets .
moreover , the market value of financial [skills] is often volatile and may not reflect a real , permanent change in the productive potential of the underlying capital [skills] .

However , gains and losses arising from sale of assets to foreigners do not `` wash out '' and could affect national consumption and investment .
however , gains and losses arising from sale of [skills] to foreigners do not `` wash out '' and could affect national consumption and investment .

They generally invest those excess dollars in U.S. assets .
they generally invest those excess dollars in u.s. [skills] .

Their willingness to acquire U.S. assets -i.e. , to lend to the United States- allows the United States to run trade deficits .
their willingness to acquire u.s. [skills] -i.e. , to lend to the united states- allows the united states to run trade deficits .

Figure 3.3 shows the net U.S. ownership of foreign assets-the net international investment position13-and net income receipts on net U.S. assets abroad .
figure 3.3 shows the net u.s. ownership of foreign assets-the net international investment position13-and net income receipts on net u.s. [skills] abroad .

Prior to 1986 , the United States had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign assets exceeded foreign holdings of U.S. assets .
prior to 1986 , the united states had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign [skills] exceeded foreign holdings of u.s. [skills] .

Although foreign asset holdings in the United States have swelled in recent years , not until 1998 did the United States pay more in interest , dividends , and other investment returns to other countries than it received on the assets it held abroad .
although foreign asset holdings in the united states have swelled in recent years , not until 1998 did the united states pay more in interest , dividends , and other investment returns to other countries than it received on the [skills] it held abroad .

The lag reflects the fact that the rate of return on U.S. assets abroad consistently exceeded the return on foreign-owned assets in the United States.14 Far , the net payments from the United States to foreign lenders have been small as a share of GDP , as shown in figure 3.3 .
the lag reflects the fact that the rate of return on u.s. [skills] abroad consistently exceeded the return on foreign-owned [skills] in the united states.14 far , the net payments from the united states to foreign lenders have been small as a share of gdp , as shown in figure 3.3 .

Figure 3.3 : Net U.S. Holdings of Foreign Assets and Net Income From Abroad ( 1977-1999 ) Net assets ( billions ) Net income ( percent of GDP )
figure 3.3 : net u.s. holdings of foreign [skills] and net income from abroad ( 1977-1999 ) net [skills] ( billions ) net income ( percent of gdp )

Investors generally try to achieve some balance in the allocation of their portfolios , and U.S. assets already represent a significant share of foreign portfolios .
investors generally try to achieve some balance in the allocation of their portfolios , and u.s. [skills] already represent a significant share of foreign portfolios .

As discussed in section 1 , people tend to draw down their assets in their retirement years .
as discussed in section 1 , people tend to draw down their [skills] in their retirement years .

The benefits paid by the pension programs are not counted as government outlays under NIPA but rather as a drawdown of accumulated household assets .
the benefits paid by the pension programs are not counted as government outlays under nipa but rather as a drawdown of accumulated household [skills] .

Higher interest rates both raise the return on saving and reduce the market value of existing financial assets issued when rates were lower.5 The combination of higher returns to saving and reduced wealth might encourage households and businesses to save more .
higher interest rates both raise the return on saving and reduce the market value of existing financial [skills] issued when rates were lower.5 the combination of higher returns to saving and reduced wealth might encourage households and businesses to save more .

Lower interest rates both reduce the return on saving and increase the market value of existing financial assets issued when rates were higher .
lower interest rates both reduce the return on saving and increase the market value of existing financial [skills] issued when rates were higher .

Just as the flow of personal saving affects the stock of financial assets accumulated by households , government saving affects the stock of federal debt .
just as the flow of personal saving affects the stock of financial [skills] accumulated by households , government saving affects the stock of federal debt .

Conversely , when a budget surplus occurs , the federal government can use excess funds to reduce the debt held by the public , accumulate cash balances , or acquire nonfederal financial assets .
conversely , when a budget surplus occurs , the federal government can use excess funds to reduce the debt held by the public , accumulate cash balances , or acquire nonfederal financial [skills] .

Holding cash or nonfederal financial assets would not reduce debt held by the public but would reduce the net debt of the federal government .
holding cash or nonfederal financial [skills] would not reduce debt held by the public but would reduce the net debt of the federal government .

Net debt represents the federal government 's total financial liabilities , including debt held by the public , less its total financial assets .
net debt represents the federal government 's total financial liabilities , including debt held by the public , less its total financial [skills] .

Negative amounts of net debt reflect how much of the nation 's private financial assets have been acquired by the federal government .
negative amounts of net debt reflect how much of the nation 's private financial [skills] have been acquired by the federal government .

Acquiring nonfederal financial assets could be another way to translate budget surpluses into resources available for investment .
acquiring nonfederal financial [skills] could be another way to translate budget surpluses into resources available for investment .

However , the issue of the federal ownership of nonfederal assets is controversial .
however , the issue of the federal ownership of nonfederal [skills] is controversial .

In the future , we plan to study how other nations invest in nongovernmental assets to learn more about how they deal with governance and other issues Note : The net debt concept is based on the OECD definition of net financial liabilities that can be calculated by subtracting financial assets from financial liabilities .
in the future , we plan to study how other nations invest in nongovernmental [skills] to learn more about how they deal with governance and other issues note : the net debt concept is based on the oecd definition of net financial liabilities that can be calculated by subtracting financial [skills] from financial liabilities .

How the surpluses are used has long-term implications for federal government saving , national saving , and ultimately the nation 's future living standards.9 To get a sense of the long-term implications of broad fiscal policy choices , we examined the fiscal and economic outlook over the next 75 years under two alternatives : ( 1 ) assuming that the federal government saves only the Social Security surpluses and ( 2 ) assuming that the federal government saves the entire unified surpluses.10 For simplicity , these fiscal policy simulations assume that saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments remains constant as a share of GDP and that the surpluses saved are used to reduce debt held by the public.11 Once debt held by the public is eliminated , these simulations assume excess cash is used to acquire an unspecified mix of nonfederal assets with a rate of return equivalent to the average interest rate on Treasury securities.12 9Federal Budget : The President 's Midsession Review ( GAO/OCG-99-29 , July 21 , 1999 ) .
how the surpluses are used has long-term implications for federal government saving , national saving , and ultimately the nation 's future living standards.9 to get a sense of the long-term implications of broad fiscal policy choices , we examined the fiscal and economic outlook over the next 75 years under two alternatives : ( 1 ) assuming that the federal government saves only the social security surpluses and ( 2 ) assuming that the federal government saves the entire unified surpluses.10 for simplicity , these fiscal policy simulations assume that saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments remains constant as a share of gdp and that the surpluses saved are used to reduce debt held by the public.11 once debt held by the public is eliminated , these simulations assume excess cash is used to acquire an unspecified mix of nonfederal [skills] with a rate of return equivalent to the average interest rate on treasury securities.12 9federal budget : the president 's midsession review ( gao/ocg-99-29 , july 21 , 1999 ) .

Acquiring nonfederal financial assets would reduce the reported unified surplus or increase the unified deficit because , under current budget scoring rules , such acquisitions would be treated as spending .
acquiring nonfederal financial [skills] would reduce the reported unified surplus or increase the unified deficit because , under current budget scoring rules , such acquisitions would be treated as spending .

Under this simulation , annual federal surpluses , which peak at 5 percent of GDP , would last longer than ever before in the nation 's history and the government would hold nonfederal financial assets for over 50 years .
under this simulation , annual federal surpluses , which peak at 5 percent of gdp , would last longer than ever before in the nation 's history and the government would hold nonfederal financial [skills] for over 50 years .

While most infrastructure spending takes place at the state , local , or private-sector level , the federal government also invests in infrastructure such as highways , bridges , and air traffic control.22 As federal unified deficits declined over the 1990s , federal investment in nondefense physical assets remained relatively constant as a share of GDP .
while most infrastructure spending takes place at the state , local , or private-sector level , the federal government also invests in infrastructure such as highways , bridges , and air traffic control.22 as federal unified deficits declined over the 1990s , federal investment in nondefense physical [skills] remained relatively constant as a share of gdp .

While some tax incentives for education encourage households to accumulate assets such as U.S. Series EE savings 26For more information about the differences between income and consumption taxes and the current tax treatment of saving and investment , see Tax Administration : Potential Impact of Alternative Taxes on Taxpayers and Administrators ( GAO/GGD-98-37 , January 14 , 1998 ) , pp .
while some tax incentives for education encourage households to accumulate [skills] such as u.s. series ee savings 26for more information about the differences between income and consumption taxes and the current tax treatment of saving and investment , see tax administration : potential impact of alternative taxes on taxpayers and administrators ( gao/ggd-98-37 , january 14 , 1998 ) , pp .

For individual taxpayers , tax incentives increase the after-tax return on saving for particular purposes or on specific types of assets accumulated .
for individual taxpayers , tax incentives increase the after-tax return on saving for particular purposes or on specific types of [skills] accumulated .

Some contributions may represent saving that would have occurred even without the tax incentives or amounts merely shifted from taxable assets or even financed by borrowing .
some contributions may represent saving that would have occurred even without the tax incentives or amounts merely shifted from taxable [skills] or even financed by borrowing .

As shown in table 4.2 , how much the couple 's $ 4,000 annual contribution adds to national saving that year depends on ( 1 ) how much their IRA tax deduction costs the government and ( 2 ) whether their contributions represent new saving or were shifted from existing assets .
as shown in table 4.2 , how much the couple 's $ 4,000 annual contribution adds to national saving that year depends on ( 1 ) how much their ira tax deduction costs the government and ( 2 ) whether their contributions represent new saving or were shifted from existing [skills] .

In this case , national saving would drop slightly , but the couple would have saved more and expressly earmarked more of their assets for retirement .
in this case , national saving would drop slightly , but the couple would have saved more and expressly earmarked more of their [skills] for retirement .

Low- and moderate-income households have fewer resources and may have less capacity to contribute to an IRA or to earmark more assets for retirement .
low- and moderate-income households have fewer resources and may have less capacity to contribute to an ira or to earmark more [skills] for retirement .

Second , the Assets for Independence Act of 1998 authorized federal funding for a 5-year demonstration project to evaluate the effectiveness of matching incentives for certain low-income savers .
second , the [skills] for independence act of 1998 authorized federal funding for a 5-year demonstration project to evaluate the effectiveness of matching incentives for certain low-income savers .

In theory , IDAs help lowincome families save , accumulate assets , and achieve economic self-sufficiency .
in theory , idas help lowincome families save , accumulate [skills] , and achieve economic self-sufficiency .

IDAs are like the better known IRAs in the sense that the assets accumulated are to be used only for limited purposes .
idas are like the better known iras in the sense that the [skills] accumulated are to be used only for limited purposes .

The Assets for Independence Act of 1998 authorized federal funding for a 5-year demonstration project to evaluate the effectiveness of matching incentives for low-income savers .
the [skills] for independence act of 1998 authorized federal funding for a 5-year demonstration project to evaluate the effectiveness of matching incentives for low-income savers .

Although the RSAs were aimed at accumulating assets for retirement , the proposal would have allowed limited withdrawals after 5 years for such purposes as buying a home or paying educational or medical expenses .
although the rsas were aimed at accumulating [skills] for retirement , the proposal would have allowed limited withdrawals after 5 years for such purposes as buying a home or paying educational or medical expenses .

For example , a household could transfer amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth .
for example , a household could transfer amounts from existing [skills] to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth .

Various options are available within the current structure of the program including raising the retirement age , reducing the cost-of-living adjustment , altering the benefit formula , increasing payroll taxes , and investing trust fund surpluses in higher-yielding assets .
various options are available within the current structure of the program including raising the retirement age , reducing the cost-of-living adjustment , altering the benefit formula , increasing payroll taxes , and investing trust fund surpluses in higher-yielding [skills] .

Page 109 GAO-01-591SP National Saving reductions needed to restore solvency.42 Acquiring stocks or other nonfederal financial assets would have approximately the same effect on national saving as using the same amount of money to reduce debt held by the public .
page 109 gao-01-591sp national saving reductions needed to restore solvency.42 acquiring stocks or other nonfederal financial [skills] would have approximately the same effect on national saving as using the same amount of money to reduce debt held by the public .

If reducing federal debt held by the public is not an option , as discussed in text box 4.2 , investing in nonfederal financial assets on behalf of the Social Security trust fund could be another way for government saving to provide resources for private investment .
if reducing federal debt held by the public is not an option , as discussed in text box 4.2 , investing in nonfederal financial [skills] on behalf of the social security trust fund could be another way for government saving to provide resources for private investment .

In a sense , individual accounts could serve as a way to channel saving through the government into resources for private investment while avoiding issues associated with government ownership of nonfederal assets .
in a sense , individual accounts could serve as a way to channel saving through the government into resources for private investment while avoiding issues associated with government ownership of nonfederal [skills] .

The income earned on U.S.-owned foreign assets adds to the nation 's income ( GNP ) .
the income earned on u.s.-owned foreign [skills] adds to the nation 's income ( gnp ) .

This interest rate is both paid on outstanding debt held by the public and earned on nonfederal financial assets acquired by the government once debt held by the public is eliminated.13 Our simulation period-from 2000 through 2075-coincides with the 75year period used for the Social Security Trustees ' Report where actuaries calculate trust fund solvency over a long-term horizon that is at least as long as an individual 's working life .
this interest rate is both paid on outstanding debt held by the public and earned on nonfederal financial [skills] acquired by the government once debt held by the public is eliminated.13 our simulation period-from 2000 through 2075-coincides with the 75year period used for the social security trustees ' report where actuaries calculate trust fund solvency over a long-term horizon that is at least as long as an individual 's working life .

Under this interest rate assumption , the level of net interest payments and net debt would be the same if the government began acquiring nonfederal financial assets before debt held by the public was eliminated .
under this interest rate assumption , the level of net interest payments and net debt would be the same if the government began acquiring nonfederal financial [skills] before debt held by the public was eliminated .

On a more positive note , we recently reviewed the efforts of three agencies ( the Postal Service , the Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) , and the Park Service ) to more strategically manage their facilities and assets by forming business partnerships with the private sector.7 In each of the six partnerships that we reviewed , the agency built the expertise to engage in the partnership and make it successful .
on a more positive note , we recently reviewed the efforts of three agencies ( the postal service , the department of veterans affairs ( va ) , and the park service ) to more strategically manage their facilities and [skills] by forming business partnerships with the private sector.7 in each of the six partnerships that we reviewed , the agency built the expertise to engage in the partnership and make it successful .

Viewing information and technology not just as assets to manage , these CEOs assign their information technology and management leaders a prominent role in business decision making .
viewing information and technology not just as [skills] to manage , these ceos assign their information technology and management leaders a prominent role in business decision making .

Capital Programming Guide , Version 1.0 , Supplement to Office of Management and Budget Circular A-11 , Part 3 : Planning , Budgeting , and Acquisition of Capital Assets , July 1997 .
capital programming guide , version 1.0 , supplement to office of management and budget circular a-11 , part 3 : planning , budgeting , and acquisition of capital [skills] , july 1997 .

The Legal Services Corporation of Iowa , which serves 98 of Iowa 's 99 counties , has absorbed the assets of the single county Polk County program and changed its name to Iowa Legal Aid , reflecting its expanded service area .
the legal services corporation of iowa , which serves 98 of iowa 's 99 counties , has absorbed the [skills] of the single county polk county program and changed its name to iowa legal aid , reflecting its expanded service area .

Although merger discussions continued among the four programs , in March 2000 two of the programs did not vote in favor of the merger plan , and therefore the plan moved forward with only two programs : Legal Services Organization of Indiana , Inc. and Legal Services of Northwest Indiana , Inc. As of December 31 , 2001 , Legal Services of Northwest Indiana , Inc. joined with Legal Services Organization of Indiana , Inc. ( LSOI ) by transferring its assets to LSOI .
although merger discussions continued among the four programs , in march 2000 two of the programs did not vote in favor of the merger plan , and therefore the plan moved forward with only two programs : legal services organization of indiana , inc. and legal services of northwest indiana , inc. as of december 31 , 2001 , legal services of northwest indiana , inc. joined with legal services organization of indiana , inc. ( lsoi ) by transferring its [skills] to lsoi .

ILS currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the Legal Services Program of Northern Indiana , Inc. ( LSPNI ) which previously received an LSC grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with LSPNI regarding transfer of staff and other assets from LSPNI to ILS .
ils currently has a 3-month sub-grant agreement with the legal services program of northern indiana , inc. ( lspni ) which previously received an lsc grant , in order to attempt to reach an agreement with lspni regarding transfer of staff and other [skills] from lspni to ils .

Macroeconomic - AMIGA calculates national income , Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) , employment , a comprehensive list of consumption goods and services , the trade balance , and net foreign assets and examines inflationary pressures ; 5 ) .
macroeconomic - amiga calculates national income , gross domestic product ( gdp ) , employment , a comprehensive list of consumption goods and services , the trade balance , and net foreign [skills] and examines inflationary pressures ; 5 ) .

The prime minister 's argument was that the Muslims should gather their assets , not striking back blindly , but instead planning a thoughtful , long-term strategy to defeat their worldwide enemies , which he argued were controlled by the Jews .
the prime minister 's argument was that the muslims should gather their [skills] , not striking back blindly , but instead planning a thoughtful , long-term strategy to defeat their worldwide enemies , which he argued were controlled by the jews .

On financial relations , see CIA analytic report , `` Ariana Afghan Airlines : Assets and Activities , '' OTI IR 1999-170CX , July 29 , 1999 ; CIA , NID , '' Near East : UAE : Imposition of Sanctions Could Disrupt Bin Ladin 's Finances , '' June 9 , 1999 .
on financial relations , see cia analytic report , `` ariana afghan airlines : [skills] and activities , '' oti ir 1999-170cx , july 29 , 1999 ; cia , nid , '' near east : uae : imposition of sanctions could disrupt bin ladin 's finances , '' june 9 , 1999 .

See , e.g. , CIA briefing materials , CTC UBL Update : '' Must Do Some Fundamental Rethinking , '' July 20 , 1999 ( Afghan assets are not capable of mounting a UBL capture operation or ambush ) ; CIA briefing materials , CTC UBL Update : '' Problems with Capturing UBL , '' Aug. 3 , 1999 ( tribals are good reporters but are unlikely to capture Bin Ladin because of the risks involved , so there is a need to identify a new group to undertake a capture operation ) .
see , e.g. , cia briefing materials , ctc ubl update : '' must do some fundamental rethinking , '' july 20 , 1999 ( afghan [skills] are not capable of mounting a ubl capture operation or ambush ) ; cia briefing materials , ctc ubl update : '' problems with capturing ubl , '' aug. 3 , 1999 ( tribals are good reporters but are unlikely to capture bin ladin because of the risks involved , so there is a need to identify a new group to undertake a capture operation ) .

With budgets for the CIA shrinking after the end of the Cold War , it was not surprising that , with some notable exceptions , new hires in the Clandestine Service tended to have qualifications similar to those of serving officers : that is , they were suited for traditional agent recruitment or for exploiting liaison relationships with foreign services but were not equipped to seek or use assets inside the terrorist network .
with budgets for the cia shrinking after the end of the cold war , it was not surprising that , with some notable exceptions , new hires in the clandestine service tended to have qualifications similar to those of serving officers : that is , they were suited for traditional agent recruitment or for exploiting liaison relationships with foreign services but were not equipped to seek or use [skills] inside the terrorist network .

These plans were directed at both physical assets and sources of finance .
these plans were directed at both physical [skills] and sources of finance .

The chief of the Counterterrorist Center , whom we will call `` Jeff , '' told Director George Tenet that the CIA 's intelligence assets were `` near to providing real-time information about Bin Ladin 's activities and travels in Afghanistan . ''
the chief of the counterterrorist center , whom we will call `` jeff , '' told director george tenet that the cia 's intelligence [skills] were `` near to providing real-time information about bin ladin 's activities and travels in afghanistan . ''

COVERT ACTION As part of the response to the embassy bombings , President Clinton signed a Memorandum of Notification authorizing the CIA to let its tribal assets use force to capture Bin Ladin and his associates .
covert action as part of the response to the embassy bombings , president clinton signed a memorandum of notification authorizing the cia to let its tribal [skills] use force to capture bin ladin and his associates .

Preparing Director Tenet for a Small Group meeting in mid- November , the Counterterrorist Center stressed , `` At this point we can not predict when or if a capture operation will be executed by our assets . ''
preparing director tenet for a small group meeting in mid- november , the counterterrorist center stressed , `` at this point we can not predict when or if a capture operation will be executed by our [skills] . ''

Reporting from the CIA 's assets provided a detailed description of the hunting camp , including its size , location , resources , and security , as well as of Bin Ladin 's smaller , adjacent camp .
reporting from the cia 's [skills] provided a detailed description of the hunting camp , including its size , location , resources , and security , as well as of bin ladin 's smaller , adjacent camp .

In May 1999 , CIA assets in Afghanistan reported on Bin Ladin 's location in and around Kandahar over the course of five days and nights .
in may 1999 , cia [skills] in afghanistan reported on bin ladin 's location in and around kandahar over the course of five days and nights .

It announced a program for hiring and training better officers with counterterrorism skills , recruiting more assets , and trying to penetrate al Qaeda 's ranks .
it announced a program for hiring and training better officers with counterterrorism skills , recruiting more [skills] , and trying to penetrate al qaeda 's ranks .

Numerous actions were taken overseas to disrupt possible attacks- enlisting foreign partners to upset terrorist plans , closing embassies , moving military assets out of the way of possible harm .
numerous actions were taken overseas to disrupt possible attacks- enlisting foreign partners to upset terrorist plans , closing embassies , moving military [skills] out of the way of possible harm .

Finally , he directed Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill to craft a plan to target al Qaeda 's funding and seize its assets .
finally , he directed treasury secretary paul o'neill to craft a plan to target al qaeda 's funding and seize its [skills] .

A new domestic intelligence agency would need to acquire assets and personnel .
a new domestic intelligence agency would need to acquire [skills] and personnel .

This gave theTreasury Department 's Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) the ability to search for and freeze any Bin Ladin or al Qaeda assets that reached the U.S. financial system .
this gave thetreasury department 's office of foreign [skills] control ( ofac ) the ability to search for and freeze any bin ladin or al qaeda [skills] that reached the u.s. financial system .

It blocked more than $ 34 million in Taliban assets held in U.S. banks .
it blocked more than $ 34 million in taliban [skills] held in u.s. banks .

In the meantime , the CIA continued to work with its tribal assets in southern Afghanistan .
in the meantime , the cia continued to work with its tribal [skills] in southern afghanistan .

A sentence called for military action to destroy al Qaeda command-andcontrol targets and infrastructure andTaliban military and command assets .
a sentence called for military action to destroy al qaeda command-andcontrol targets and infrastructure andtaliban military and command [skills] .

With help from a dissident member of the royal family , he managed to get out of the country under the pretext of attending an Islamic gathering in Pakistan in April 1991.33 By 1994 , the Saudi government would freeze his financial assets and revoke his citizenship .
with help from a dissident member of the royal family , he managed to get out of the country under the pretext of attending an islamic gathering in pakistan in april 1991.33 by 1994 , the saudi government would freeze his financial [skills] and revoke his citizenship .

Nor were Bin Ladin 's assets in Sudan a source of money for al Qaeda .
nor were bin ladin 's [skills] in sudan a source of money for al qaeda .

When Bin Ladin lived in Sudan from 1991 to 1996 , he owned a number of businesses and other assets .
when bin ladin lived in sudan from 1991 to 1996 , he owned a number of businesses and other [skills] .

When Bin Ladin left in 1996 , it appears that the Sudanese government expropriated all his assets : he left Sudan with practically nothing .
when bin ladin left in 1996 , it appears that the sudanese government expropriated all his [skills] : he left sudan with practically nothing .

The law directed us to investigate `` facts and circumstances relating to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , '' including those relating to intelligence agencies , law enforcement agencies , diplomacy , immigration issues and border control , the flow of assets to terrorist organizations , commercial aviation , the role of congressional oversight and resource allocation , and other areas determined relevant by the Commission .
the law directed us to investigate `` facts and circumstances relating to the terrorist attacks of september 11 , 2001 , '' including those relating to intelligence agencies , law enforcement agencies , diplomacy , immigration issues and border control , the flow of [skills] to terrorist organizations , commercial aviation , the role of congressional oversight and resource allocation , and other areas determined relevant by the commission .

There he had tried to create an air defense plan using assets from the Treasury Department , after the Defense Department declined to contribute resources .
there he had tried to create an air defense plan using [skills] from the treasury department , after the defense department declined to contribute resources .

Its crimes were on a scale approaching acts of war , but they were committed by a loose , far-flung , nebulous conspiracy with no territories or citizens or assets that could be readily threatened , overwhelmed , or destroyed .
its crimes were on a scale approaching acts of war , but they were committed by a loose , far-flung , nebulous conspiracy with no territories or citizens or [skills] that could be readily threatened , overwhelmed , or destroyed .

The inability to freeze funds is attributed in part to a lack of intelligence on the location of Bin Ladin 's money , OFAC 's reluctance or inability to rely on what classified information there may have been , and Bin Ladin 's transfer of assets into the hands of trusted third parties or out of the formal financial system by 1998 .
the inability to freeze funds is attributed in part to a lack of intelligence on the location of bin ladin 's money , ofac 's reluctance or inability to rely on what classified information there may have been , and bin ladin 's transfer of [skills] into the hands of trusted third parties or out of the formal financial system by 1998 .

Executive Order 13129 ; Treasury memo , Newcomb to Johnson , `` Blocking of Taliban-Controlled Assets , '' undated ( probably Oct. 18 , 1999 ) .
executive order 13129 ; treasury memo , newcomb to johnson , `` blocking of taliban-controlled [skills] , '' undated ( probably oct. 18 , 1999 ) .

The telescope program , for instance , was considered too challenging and risky for the CIA 's Afghan assets ; development continued through the summer , but the idea was eventually dropped .
the telescope program , for instance , was considered too challenging and risky for the cia 's afghan [skills] ; development continued through the summer , but the idea was eventually dropped .

One such organization has been the al Haramain Islamic Foundation ; the assets of some branch offices have been frozen by the U.S. and Saudi governments .
one such organization has been the al haramain islamic foundation ; the [skills] of some branch offices have been frozen by the u.s. and saudi governments .

These actions appeared to have little effect and , when confronted by legal challenges , the United States and the United Nations were often forced to unfreeze assets .
these actions appeared to have little effect and , when confronted by legal challenges , the united states and the united nations were often forced to unfreeze [skills] .

These early missteps made other countries unwilling to freeze assets or otherwise act merely on the basis of a U.S. action .
these early missteps made other countries unwilling to freeze [skills] or otherwise act merely on the basis of a u.s. action .

The current efforts do not yet reflect a forward-looking strategic plan systematically analyzing assets , risks , costs , and benefits .
the current efforts do not yet reflect a forward-looking strategic plan systematically analyzing [skills] , risks , costs , and benefits .

The U.S. government should identify and evaluate the transportation assets that need to be protected , set risk-based priorities for defending them , select the most practical and cost-effective ways of doing so , and then develop a plan , budget , and funding to implement the effort .
the u.s. government should identify and evaluate the transportation [skills] that need to be protected , set risk-based priorities for defending them , select the most practical and cost-effective ways of doing so , and then develop a plan , budget , and funding to implement the effort .

A human rights-oriented indicator of health inequalities , then , would be composed of two measures : ( 1 ) A health measure , including health status , health care , and other determinants of health or the social/ economic consequences of ill health ; and ( 2 ) A measure of social position/advantage ( also called an equity stratifier or social stratifier ) that defines strata in a hierarchy , e.g. , income or economic assets , education , sex , or ethnic group .
a human rights-oriented indicator of health inequalities , then , would be composed of two measures : ( 1 ) a health measure , including health status , health care , and other determinants of health or the social/ economic consequences of ill health ; and ( 2 ) a measure of social position/advantage ( also called an equity stratifier or social stratifier ) that defines strata in a hierarchy , e.g. , income or economic [skills] , education , sex , or ethnic group .

Their role would be to manage R & D assets on behalf of consumers .
their role would be to manage r & d [skills] on behalf of consumers .

By combining our assets , we can make a difference .
by combining our [skills] , we can make a difference .

Its findings include : Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children 's healthy development and well being .
its findings include : girl scouting helps girls build nine personal [skills] which research has shown to be essential for children 's healthy development and well being .

Its findings include : Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children 's healthy development and well being .
its findings include : girl scouting helps girls build nine personal [skills] which research has shown to be essential for children 's healthy development and well being .

As a team , these three organizations are working with neighborhood youth and adults to build a `` Caring Neighborhood with Youth '' , mobilizing the assets of young people and adults as partners to build a better neighborhood for all .
as a team , these three organizations are working with neighborhood youth and adults to build a `` caring neighborhood with youth '' , mobilizing the [skills] of young people and adults as partners to build a better neighborhood for all .

Its findings include : Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children 's healthy development and well being .
its findings include : girl scouting helps girls build nine personal [skills] which research has shown to be essential for children 's healthy development and well being .

The nine assets are known to enhance school success , educational aspirations , and the development of positive behaviors .
the nine [skills] are known to enhance school success , educational aspirations , and the development of positive behaviors .

If , because of the depressed stock market , your assets are not liquid enough for you to come up with one million dollars this year , then we can consider one of the other alternate ways to achieve our goal .
if , because of the depressed stock market , your [skills] are not liquid enough for you to come up with one million dollars this year , then we can consider one of the other alternate ways to achieve our goal .

Are we allowing amateurs to burn our assets now ?
are we allowing amateurs to burn our [skills] now ?

Apparently R was not enthusiastic about the transfer of industrial assets to the Soviet Union , and he is probably the unnamed party leader who was sent twice for proletarian internationalist education to Moscow .
apparently r was not enthusiastic about the transfer of industrial [skills] to the soviet union , and he is probably the unnamed party leader who was sent twice for proletarian internationalist education to moscow .

When these funds lost money in Russia , some lenders became nervous and demanded their money back -- which meant the funds had to sell off assets , which meant pulling money out of Brazil .
when these funds lost money in russia , some lenders became nervous and demanded their money back -- which meant the funds had to sell off [skills] , which meant pulling money out of brazil .

The combined entity , with more than $ 20 billion in equity and $ 270 billion in assets under management , will be the biggest securities firm in history .
the combined entity , with more than $ 20 billion in equity and $ 270 billion in [skills] under management , will be the biggest securities firm in history .

Mutual-fund investors are increasingly shifting their investments from traditional managed funds -- which try to outsmart the whole market at picking stocks -- to index funds , which distribute their assets evenly and ride the market 's rising average .
mutual-fund investors are increasingly shifting their investments from traditional managed funds -- which try to outsmart the whole market at picking stocks -- to index funds , which distribute their [skills] evenly and ride the market 's rising average .

The $ 25 million figure is based on Simpson 's assets and potential lifetime earnings , and is designed to make sure he ca n't keep any money he makes from his notoriety in the case .
the $ 25 million figure is based on simpson 's [skills] and potential lifetime earnings , and is designed to make sure he ca n't keep any money he makes from his notoriety in the case .

The boycott has been called off , but demands persist for full disclosure of records of Holocaust victims ' assets , and there 's little sign the Swiss will recover their pristine image any time soon .
the boycott has been called off , but demands persist for full disclosure of records of holocaust victims ' [skills] , and there 's little sign the swiss will recover their pristine image any time soon .

Tie the knot : Suddenly parents ' income and assets no longer count toward determining whether or not a student is poor .
tie the knot : suddenly parents ' income and [skills] no longer count toward determining whether or not a student is poor .

If parents made less than $ 50,000 last year , none of their assets count as available to help pay for college .
if parents made less than $ 50,000 last year , none of their [skills] count as available to help pay for college .

Need does n't depend only on how parents arrange their income and assets .
need does n't depend only on how parents arrange their income and [skills] .

Stocks have shrunk from 76 percent of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 's assets in 1996 to 32 percent currently .
stocks have shrunk from 76 percent of berkshire hathaway inc. 's [skills] in 1996 to 32 percent currently .

McCain wants to take those assets out of the game , reducing the comparison to what each man has done with his life .
mccain wants to take those [skills] out of the game , reducing the comparison to what each man has done with his life .

What was different about hedge funds was , first , their ability and willingness to leverage up the money they managed -- in effect , to use their limited wealth to buy or short-sell much larger values of assets on margin ; and second , their willingness to play outside the mainstream markets .
what was different about hedge funds was , first , their ability and willingness to leverage up the money they managed -- in effect , to use their limited wealth to buy or short-sell much larger values of [skills] on margin ; and second , their willingness to play outside the mainstream markets .

We broke the news of the divorce gently to friends and relatives , and now are in the process of dividing 20 years of assets .
we broke the news of the divorce gently to friends and relatives , and now are in the process of dividing 20 years of [skills] .

Although the fun of calling David Talbot a sap must be diminished by the fact that last week his assets were zero , this week he 's got $ 3 million .
although the fun of calling david talbot a sap must be diminished by the fact that last week his [skills] were zero , this week he 's got $ 3 million .

The new institution , which might as well have been named TitanicBank , will be the United States ' largest , with $ 570 billion in assets .
the new institution , which might as well have been named titanicbank , will be the united states ' largest , with $ 570 billion in [skills] .

The decline of the Korean economy would cause more bankruptcies , increase investors ' efforts to get out of won assets into other currencies , and force the won down further .
the decline of the korean economy would cause more bankruptcies , increase investors ' efforts to get out of won [skills] into other currencies , and force the won down further .

Is it possible that Reagan 's policies such as the tax cuts , deregulation , privatization of government assets , and the celebration of the entrepreneur as the true American hero , created the necessary political and social framework for the silicon revolution ?
is it possible that reagan 's policies such as the tax cuts , deregulation , privatization of government [skills] , and the celebration of the entrepreneur as the true american hero , created the necessary political and social framework for the silicon revolution ?

Although Greenspan did speak to the idea that investors are starting to see stocks as not much more risky than bonds ( an idea associated with the authors of Dow 36,000 -- see Slate 's `` Crapshoot '' for a critique of this idea ) , the real focus of his speech was something much broader , namely the way financial panics tend to eradicate the delicate distinctions between different classes of assets , distinctions that any market system needs in order to invest for the future .
although greenspan did speak to the idea that investors are starting to see stocks as not much more risky than bonds ( an idea associated with the authors of dow 36,000 -- see slate 's `` crapshoot '' for a critique of this idea ) , the real focus of his speech was something much broader , namely the way financial panics tend to eradicate the delicate distinctions between different classes of [skills] , distinctions that any market system needs in order to invest for the future .

Last year , for example , during global crisis , investors flocked to the 30-year Treasury bond but were totally unwilling to buy the 29-year bond , even though the difference in risk between the two assets was presumably minimal .
last year , for example , during global crisis , investors flocked to the 30-year treasury bond but were totally unwilling to buy the 29-year bond , even though the difference in risk between the two [skills] was presumably minimal .

If crashes determine risk , then there are very few assets that you can really call safe .
if crashes determine risk , then there are very few [skills] that you can really call safe .

A few weeks later he capitalized the new corporation ( which included other steel mills , railroads , mines , steamships , and ore lands ) at $ 1.4 billion , about twice the value of its tangible assets .
a few weeks later he capitalized the new corporation ( which included other steel mills , railroads , mines , steamships , and ore lands ) at $ 1.4 billion , about twice the value of its tangible [skills] .

Other people said that the stock not based on tangible assets was `` aqua pura . ''
other people said that the stock not based on tangible [skills] was `` aqua pura . ''

The NYT fronts the news that it 's a good time to be a butler looking for work in the U.S. As the number of wealthy families has soared -- there are now 275,000 American households with assets of more of than $ 10 million , up from just 65,000 a decade ago -- demand for well-trained help has risen apace .
the nyt fronts the news that it 's a good time to be a butler looking for work in the u.s. as the number of wealthy families has soared -- there are now 275,000 american households with [skills] of more of than $ 10 million , up from just 65,000 a decade ago -- demand for well-trained help has risen apace .

Net worth is easy to define : assets ( such as cash , real estate , and securities ) minus liabilities ( or debts ) equals net worth .
net worth is easy to define : [skills] ( such as cash , real estate , and securities ) minus liabilities ( or debts ) equals net worth .

The Internal Revenue Service would be turned into an agency whose mission would be simplified : determining the existence and value of assets .
the internal revenue service would be turned into an agency whose mission would be simplified : determining the existence and value of [skills] .

Fund companies ' greed-inspired pursuit of assets occasionally leads them to lie , cheat , and virtually steal from their shareholders , through deceptive advertising or outrageous fees and expenses .
fund companies ' greed-inspired pursuit of [skills] occasionally leads them to lie , cheat , and virtually steal from their shareholders , through deceptive advertising or outrageous fees and expenses .

As evidence of this , she painstakingly detailed Clinton 's electoral assets state by state , in the Northeast , Midwest , and West .
as evidence of this , she painstakingly detailed clinton 's electoral [skills] state by state , in the northeast , midwest , and west .

It is the largest foreign purchase of a U.S. financial institution ever , producing the biggest financial services company in the world in terms of assets ( $ 850 billion ) .
it is the largest foreign purchase of a u.s. financial institution ever , producing the biggest financial services company in the world in terms of [skills] ( $ 850 billion ) .

Having erected a megalomaniac monument to his own ego , a lavish see-through office tower in the distant outskirts , Croker finds that his company 's assets are suddenly less than its liabilities .
having erected a megalomaniac monument to his own ego , a lavish see-through office tower in the distant outskirts , croker finds that his company 's [skills] are suddenly less than its liabilities .

Monday Deutsche confirmed its $ 9.67 billion offer for Bankers Trust , a cash transaction that would create the world 's largest financial services company , with over $ 800 billion in assets .
monday deutsche confirmed its $ 9.67 billion offer for bankers trust , a cash transaction that would create the world 's largest financial services company , with over $ 800 billion in [skills] .

Her bra size is 38D , and among other interns , these assets are known as `` Monica 's mountains . ''
her bra size is 38d , and among other interns , these [skills] are known as `` monica 's mountains . ''

The paper quotes one source as saying that since the Clintons have assets of just over $ 1 million but legal debts of $ 5.2 million , `` banks were a little bit wary about providing such a large mortgage without some extra security . ''
the paper quotes one source as saying that since the clintons have [skills] of just over $ 1 million but legal debts of $ 5.2 million , `` banks were a little bit wary about providing such a large mortgage without some extra security . ''

If there 's anything odd about the just-announced merger between Viacom and CBS , it 's that it seems utterly quaint to worry about whether the concentration of so many cable , radio , network TV , and Internet assets in one company is the best thing for the free flow of information in a democracy .
if there 's anything odd about the just-announced merger between viacom and cbs , it 's that it seems utterly quaint to worry about whether the concentration of so many cable , radio , network tv , and internet [skills] in one company is the best thing for the free flow of information in a democracy .

Redstone has done an excellent job of managing Viacom in the past couple of years , selling off assets , paying down debt , and generally focusing the company on its core operations .
redstone has done an excellent job of managing viacom in the past couple of years , selling off [skills] , paying down debt , and generally focusing the company on its core operations .

In acquiring the rights to Karmazin 's services and CBS 's assets , Sumner Redstone may have made the best decision of his business career .
in acquiring the rights to karmazin 's services and cbs 's [skills] , sumner redstone may have made the best decision of his business career .

Newsweek claims we 're all `` married to the market '' : Americans invest more than ever before ( 42 percent of households ' financial assets are in the stock market ) , and a crash would so cripple the economy that even noninvestors would suffer .
newsweek claims we 're all `` married to the market '' : americans invest more than ever before ( 42 percent of households ' financial [skills] are in the stock market ) , and a crash would so cripple the economy that even noninvestors would suffer .

At Sunbeam and Scott , he has sold assets to raise quick cash , cut prices to artificially boost sales , and squeezed suppliers for short-term savings at the price of long-term reliability .
at sunbeam and scott , he has sold [skills] to raise quick cash , cut prices to artificially boost sales , and squeezed suppliers for short-term savings at the price of long-term reliability .

Oprah has said , `` One of my greatest assets is knowing I 'm no different from the viewer . ''
oprah has said , `` one of my greatest [skills] is knowing i 'm no different from the viewer . ''

Trust that our foreign creditors will remain willing to invest their surplus dollars in U.S. securities and other assets and to reinvest the proceeds from those investments within our borders in a kindly fashion .
trust that our foreign creditors will remain willing to invest their surplus dollars in u.s. securities and other [skills] and to reinvest the proceeds from those investments within our borders in a kindly fashion .

Gore 's entrenched assets in Iowa seemed just another obstacle .
gore 's entrenched [skills] in iowa seemed just another obstacle .

Effectively calling for an end to the capital-gains tax , he wrote , `` With a rate of inflation over 8 percent , a 20 percent tax on capital gains quickly rises above 100 percent in its average impact on assets held more than a few years . ''
effectively calling for an end to the capital-gains tax , he wrote , `` with a rate of inflation over 8 percent , a 20 percent tax on capital gains quickly rises above 100 percent in its average impact on [skills] held more than a few years . ''

With a rate of inflation of 2 percent or so , a capital-gains tax of 20 percent has an average impact on assets of about , well , 20 percent .
with a rate of inflation of 2 percent or so , a capital-gains tax of 20 percent has an average impact on [skills] of about , well , 20 percent .

Unfortunately for Leeson , his new career is not all Fantasy Island : His assets are frozen , and sixty-five percent of all his revenue goes to Barings , whom he owes $ 164.4 million .
unfortunately for leeson , his new career is not all fantasy island : his [skills] are frozen , and sixty-five percent of all his revenue goes to barings , whom he owes $ 164.4 million .

That way , you can `` turn what heretofore have been liabilities into assets , '' as an article in the American Spectator once explained .
that way , you can `` turn what heretofore have been liabilities into [skills] , '' as an article in the american spectator once explained .

Similarly , America 's welfare recipients can be turned from social liabilities into social assets .
similarly , america 's welfare recipients can be turned from social liabilities into social [skills] .

The New York Post , and other papers , reports today that Steve Forbes is n't quite as `` liquid '' as everyone thought and is going to have to sell some assets to compete with Bush .
the new york post , and other papers , reports today that steve forbes is n't quite as `` liquid '' as everyone thought and is going to have to sell some [skills] to compete with bush .

Despite all the budget euphoria swirling about , business writer Allan Sloan uses his WP column to point out a familiar but forgotten fact : There is no surplus if you eschew `` fedmath '' and instead calculate assets and liabilities the way a business does , i.e. , not letting the government 's pension system , Social Security , be used to draw down the deficit .
despite all the budget euphoria swirling about , business writer allan sloan uses his wp column to point out a familiar but forgotten fact : there is no surplus if you eschew `` fedmath '' and instead calculate [skills] and liabilities the way a business does , i.e. , not letting the government 's pension system , social security , be used to draw down the deficit .

Except that inflation is still nonexistent , corporate earnings are high , the Japanese economy is still barely limping along , and the trade deficit seems to have more to do with roaring consumer demand and foreign demand for U.S. assets than any fundamental weakness in the overall economy .
except that inflation is still nonexistent , corporate earnings are high , the japanese economy is still barely limping along , and the trade deficit seems to have more to do with roaring consumer demand and foreign demand for u.s. [skills] than any fundamental weakness in the overall economy .

Set aside the fact that of the real powerhouses , three are cable companies that own hard assets , not part of what we usually think of as `` Hollywood . ''
set aside the fact that of the real powerhouses , three are cable companies that own hard [skills] , not part of what we usually think of as `` hollywood . ''

Clark wanted to use his air assets to target tactical assets , such as tanks and artillery pieces in the field , while Short wanted to hit strategic targets , such as ministry buildings and power plants .
clark wanted to use his air [skills] to target tactical [skills] , such as tanks and artillery pieces in the field , while short wanted to hit strategic targets , such as ministry buildings and power plants .

In noting that , according to the recently released bomb damage figures from the war , two-thirds of all Yugoslav army assets in Kosovo survived intact , the Post leaves the reader with the impression that it was the strategic campaign -- Short 's target list -- that made the difference .
in noting that , according to the recently released bomb damage figures from the war , two-thirds of all yugoslav army [skills] in kosovo survived intact , the post leaves the reader with the impression that it was the strategic campaign -- short 's target list -- that made the difference .

Time 's `` Mormons , Inc. '' cover story details the riches of the church founded by Joseph Smith : It values the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ' assets ( which include the country 's biggest cattle operation ) at $ 30 billion .
time 's `` mormons , inc. '' cover story details the riches of the church founded by joseph smith : it values the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ' [skills] ( which include the country 's biggest cattle operation ) at $ 30 billion .

The piece claims that Ames exposed 25 `` CIA assets '' to the KGB -- more than twice as many as had been reported .
the piece claims that ames exposed 25 `` cia [skills] '' to the kgb -- more than twice as many as had been reported .

Among those assets , points out the LAT , are broadcast and cable rights to games played by 22 of the 30 major league teams .
among those [skills] , points out the lat , are broadcast and cable rights to games played by 22 of the 30 major league teams .

Essentially , the hedge fund took huge bets with borrowed money -- although its capital base was only a couple of billion dollars , we now know that it had placed wagers directly or indirectly on the prices of more than a trillion dollars ' worth of assets .
essentially , the hedge fund took huge bets with borrowed money -- although its capital base was only a couple of billion dollars , we now know that it had placed wagers directly or indirectly on the prices of more than a trillion dollars ' worth of [skills] .

Imagine two assets -- say , Italian and German government bonds -- whose prices usually move together .
imagine two [skills] -- say , italian and german government bonds -- whose prices usually move together .

What LTCM did , or at least claimed to do , was find less obvious opportunities along the same lines , by engaging in complicated transactions involving many assets .
what ltcm did , or at least claimed to do , was find less obvious opportunities along the same lines , by engaging in complicated transactions involving many [skills] .

That is , because you can always declare bankruptcy and walk away , it is as if you owned the right to sell those assets at a fixed price , whatever might happen in the market .
that is , because you can always declare bankruptcy and walk away , it is as if you owned the right to sell those [skills] at a fixed price , whatever might happen in the market .

Because the value of an option depends positively on `` volatility '' -- the uncertainty about the future value of the underlying asset -- the rational way to maximize the value of that option is to invest the money in the riskiest , most volatile assets you can find .
because the value of an option depends positively on `` volatility '' -- the uncertainty about the future value of the underlying asset -- the rational way to maximize the value of that option is to invest the money in the riskiest , most volatile [skills] you can find .

In the short run , he asserted , interest rates were determined not by the balance between savings and investment at full employment but by `` liquidity preference '' -- the public 's desire to hold cash unless offered a sufficient incentive to invest in less safe and convenient assets .
in the short run , he asserted , interest rates were determined not by the balance between savings and investment at full employment but by `` liquidity preference '' -- the public 's desire to hold cash unless offered a sufficient incentive to invest in less safe and convenient [skills] .

What is more , the insider-driven process of privatization -- in which state assets were in effect distributed to political supporters , much as a medieval king might assign dukedoms to his lieutenants -- has led to highly concentrated ownership of these resources .
what is more , the insider-driven process of privatization -- in which state [skills] were in effect distributed to political supporters , much as a medieval king might assign dukedoms to his lieutenants -- has led to highly concentrated ownership of these resources .

Certainly there has been massive flight of capital into Swiss bank accounts and other hidden overseas assets .
certainly there has been massive flight of capital into swiss bank accounts and other hidden overseas [skills] .

Only a fairly small reserve is held in cash and other `` liquid '' assets .
only a fairly small reserve is held in cash and other `` liquid '' [skills] .

There is n't enough cash to satisfy all of them , and because the bank 's other assets are illiquid , it can not sell them quickly to raise more cash ( or can do so only at fire-sale prices ) .
there is n't enough cash to satisfy all of them , and because the bank 's other [skills] are illiquid , it can not sell them quickly to raise more cash ( or can do so only at fire-sale prices ) .

It would force the sale of trillions of dollars of stock , as owners either paid the tax or hid their assets .
it would force the sale of trillions of dollars of stock , as owners either paid the tax or hid their [skills] .

Until this year , after all , nearly all European countries had regulations requiring pension funds to invest most of their assets in companies based in their own countries .
until this year , after all , nearly all european countries had regulations requiring pension funds to invest most of their [skills] in companies based in their own countries .

For example , to obtain a share of the $ 1.25 billion in assets two Swiss banks may pay to survivors this week , they must fill out forms asking them to : `` Please describe , in as much detail as you can , where the Subject was from 1934 to 1945 . ''
for example , to obtain a share of the $ 1.25 billion in [skills] two swiss banks may pay to survivors this week , they must fill out forms asking them to : `` please describe , in as much detail as you can , where the subject was from 1934 to 1945 . ''

Greider also argues that deregulation helped make the value of advanced nations ' financial assets grow faster than their actual economies .
greider also argues that deregulation helped make the value of advanced nations ' financial [skills] grow faster than their actual economies .

From 1980 to 1992 , Greider notes , financial assets from advanced nations have expanded at 6 percent a year , about twice as fast as the economies themselves were growing .
from 1980 to 1992 , greider notes , financial [skills] from advanced nations have expanded at 6 percent a year , about twice as fast as the economies themselves were growing .

That has led to a worldwide situation comparable to Japan 's bubble economy , where , with assets systematically overvalued , a crash became inevitable .
that has led to a worldwide situation comparable to japan 's bubble economy , where , with [skills] systematically overvalued , a crash became inevitable .

By his 20s , he was already striving to forge his siblings into a powerful unit , organizing his brothers and sister to confront their father with a demand that the family assets be turned over ( gradually ) to the next generation .
by his 20s , he was already striving to forge his siblings into a powerful unit , organizing his brothers and sister to confront their father with a demand that the family [skills] be turned over ( gradually ) to the next generation .

The show 's size is one of its greatest assets -- it is seldom that an exhibition so thoroughly documents the artist 's changes and leaps over the decades , like a time-lapse film .
the show 's size is one of its greatest [skills] -- it is seldom that an exhibition so thoroughly documents the artist 's changes and leaps over the decades , like a time-lapse film .

One man 's modus ponens is another 's modus tollens : The Pentagon script-vetting process seems outrageous to Today 's Papers , all the more so because unlike the drug-TV case , all the money and assets involved come from public funds .
one man 's modus ponens is another 's modus tollens : the pentagon script-vetting process seems outrageous to today 's papers , all the more so because unlike the drug-tv case , all the money and [skills] involved come from public funds .

The first is that Steve Case and Bob Pittman really think their stock is overvalued , and that this is their chance to acquire some assets with real value before the Internet bubble bursts .
the first is that steve case and bob pittman really think their stock is overvalued , and that this is their chance to acquire some [skills] with real value before the internet bubble bursts .

The second , obviously , is that they believe the combination of AOL 's assets with Time Warner 's -- both its content ( magazines , publishing , TV , movies , and music ) and its cable lines -- will create more value than the two companies would have created had they remained apart .
the second , obviously , is that they believe the combination of aol 's [skills] with time warner 's -- both its content ( magazines , publishing , tv , movies , and music ) and its cable lines -- will create more value than the two companies would have created had they remained apart .

In other words , they think there actually will be real synergy between the two sets of assets .
in other words , they think there actually will be real synergy between the two sets of [skills] .

Then one has to pair up different regimes of ownership with different kinds of assets .
then one has to pair up different regimes of ownership with different kinds of [skills] .

In that case , the conglomeration of so many different kinds of assets might be seen as anti-competitive .
in that case , the conglomeration of so many different kinds of [skills] might be seen as anti-competitive .

Once and for all -- not really , since I 'm sure I 'll be writing about this again soon -- synergy only exists when putting assets under one corporate umbrella creates more value than those assets would have produced on their own .
once and for all -- not really , since i 'm sure i 'll be writing about this again soon -- synergy only exists when putting [skills] under one corporate umbrella creates more value than those [skills] would have produced on their own .

Pan Am has never -- never , that is -- turned a profit , and when it filed for Chapter 11 it had $ 50 million in assets , including the value of the name , and $ 147 million in liabilities .
pan am has never -- never , that is -- turned a profit , and when it filed for chapter 11 it had $ 50 million in [skills] , including the value of the name , and $ 147 million in liabilities .

If Daimler is adding all the resources of a low cost , lean manufacturing powerhouse to its already impressive collection of assets , how can it be getting the raw end of the deal ?
if daimler is adding all the resources of a low cost , lean manufacturing powerhouse to its already impressive collection of [skills] , how can it be getting the raw end of the deal ?

Its parent company , Inphomation Communications Inc. , has filed for bankruptcy , claiming that it has $ 26 million in liabilities and $ 1.2 million in assets .
its parent company , inphomation communications inc. , has filed for bankruptcy , claiming that it has $ 26 million in liabilities and $ 1.2 million in [skills] .

In other words , KKR is n't buying it to sell off its assets and pocket the proceeds .
in other words , kkr is n't buying it to sell off its [skills] and pocket the proceeds .

In other words , if you think that markets are even relatively good at determining a fair price for assets , then KKR ca n't hurt its companies ' long-term prospects without hurting itself .
in other words , if you think that markets are even relatively good at determining a fair price for [skills] , then kkr ca n't hurt its companies ' long-term prospects without hurting itself .

It 's also a little surprising that Viacom has chosen to sell in 1998 , rather than taking advantage of the big tax savings that the law provides had the company waited a year and then spun off the publishing assets into a separate company .
it 's also a little surprising that viacom has chosen to sell in 1998 , rather than taking advantage of the big tax savings that the law provides had the company waited a year and then spun off the publishing [skills] into a separate company .

Poison-pill plans and other scorched-earth strategies to frustrate takeovers -- like the sale of valuable assets or the assumption of insane levels of debt -- seem to violate the principle that those who own the company , the shareholders , should be able to decide what to do with it .
poison-pill plans and other scorched-earth strategies to frustrate takeovers -- like the sale of valuable [skills] or the assumption of insane levels of debt -- seem to violate the principle that those who own the company , the shareholders , should be able to decide what to do with it .

Vertical integration does mean that you need to invest heavily in fixed assets and then keep investing in upkeep and upgrades .
vertical integration does mean that you need to invest heavily in fixed [skills] and then keep investing in upkeep and upgrades .

That 's not redeploying assets to take advantage of what Sara Lee does best .
that 's not redeploying [skills] to take advantage of what sara lee does best .

It 's redeploying assets to boost the stock price .
it 's redeploying [skills] to boost the stock price .

In this brand-new digital economy we 're supposedly inhabiting , competitive advantage can be eroded in an instant , and large companies with lots of fixed assets are doomed to being overrun by quick-moving startups who can adapt better to a world of rapid technological innovation .
in this brand-new digital economy we 're supposedly inhabiting , competitive advantage can be eroded in an instant , and large companies with lots of fixed [skills] are doomed to being overrun by quick-moving startups who can adapt better to a world of rapid technological innovation .

While their most compelling assets are those memorable pieces of journalism that certainly wo n't appear anywhere else -- such as last week 's Globe `` Then ! ''
while their most compelling [skills] are those memorable pieces of journalism that certainly wo n't appear anywhere else -- such as last week 's globe `` then ! ''

A man dies , leaving more debts than assets .
a man dies , leaving more debts than [skills] .

The other driver was at fault , but he had few assets and no insurance , so Smith had to collect from his own insurer .
the other driver was at fault , but he had few [skills] and no insurance , so smith had to collect from his own insurer .

Then from the instant that third child is born , the parents love it so deeply that they 'd gladly sacrifice all their assets to preserve its life .
then from the instant that third child is born , the parents love it so deeply that they 'd gladly sacrifice all their [skills] to preserve its life .

If there was enough discrimination at Texaco to merit a $ 176 million settlement with the employees , then there was enough discrimination to merit a commensurate payment to Texaco stockholders -- not from corporate coffers , but from the personal assets of the corporate executives who bilked their investors by failing to hire the best bargains in the labor market .
if there was enough discrimination at texaco to merit a $ 176 million settlement with the employees , then there was enough discrimination to merit a commensurate payment to texaco stockholders -- not from corporate coffers , but from the personal [skills] of the corporate executives who bilked their investors by failing to hire the best bargains in the labor market .

In fact , this is a requirement for a non-profit that also wishes to be tax-exempt : The organization 's assets must be dedicated permanently to charitable purposes .
in fact , this is a requirement for a non-profit that also wishes to be tax-exempt : the organization 's [skills] must be dedicated permanently to charitable purposes .

Court papers filed by attorneys for Mary Moran , the congressman 's estranged wife , allege that the northern Virginia legislator had a history of `` wasting the family assets on his stock market gambling . ''
court papers filed by attorneys for mary moran , the congressman 's estranged wife , allege that the northern virginia legislator had a history of `` wasting the family [skills] on his stock market gambling . ''

Fill in the blank as America Online CEO Steven M. Case evaluates the Time Warner properties he 's just acquired : `` Traditional media assets have a vibrant future if they can ________________ . ''
fill in the blank as america online ceo steven m. case evaluates the time warner properties he 's just acquired : `` traditional media [skills] have a vibrant future if they can ________________ . ''

A leader in the Financial Times responded to the findings of an investigative commission that linked 54,000 Swiss bank accounts to victims of Nazi persecution and concluded that some financial institutions made `` deliberately misleading statements '' to Jews who sought family assets lost in World War II .
a leader in the financial times responded to the findings of an investigative commission that linked 54,000 swiss bank accounts to victims of nazi persecution and concluded that some financial institutions made `` deliberately misleading statements '' to jews who sought family [skills] lost in world war ii .

If you fail to pay your taxes the IRS can seize your assets .
if you fail to pay your taxes the irs can seize your [skills] .

Each candidate is trying to marshal his assets on this battleground by building a thematic bridge to it from the issue he is already winning .
each candidate is trying to marshal his [skills] on this battleground by building a thematic bridge to it from the issue he is already winning .

My question to you is , at what point ( if ever ) does it make sense for someone to abandon , wholly or partially , his or her search for an ideal partner and settle for someone with a less than complete set of assets ?
my question to you is , at what point ( if ever ) does it make sense for someone to abandon , wholly or partially , his or her search for an ideal partner and settle for someone with a less than complete set of [skills] ?

Meanwhile , the independent daily eGazeta Shqiptarei said Albania might become the first country in the world to be wholly privatized , because the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank have concluded that its ruined economy could only be revived by the privatization of all its national assets .
meanwhile , the independent daily egazeta shqiptarei said albania might become the first country in the world to be wholly privatized , because the international monetary fund and the world bank have concluded that its ruined economy could only be revived by the privatization of all its national [skills] .

The credit crunch , along with low faith in the stability of the ruble , has fostered bartering in goods and financial assets .
the credit crunch , along with low faith in the stability of the ruble , has fostered bartering in goods and financial [skills] .

The estate tax is imposed on assets passed on to heirs when someone dies .
the estate tax is imposed on [skills] passed on to heirs when someone dies .

Last year , 69,772 estates with assets of more than $ 600,000 filed forms with the IRS .
last year , 69,772 estates with [skills] of more than $ 600,000 filed forms with the irs .

Many political conservatives argue that the government taxes an estate 's assets several times over -- first when the money is earned , then when it is invested , and finally when it 's transferred to heirs .
many political conservatives argue that the government taxes an estate 's [skills] several times over -- first when the money is earned , then when it is invested , and finally when it 's transferred to heirs .

When unmarried people die intestate -- without a will -- their assets automatically go to their families .
when unmarried people die intestate -- without a will -- their [skills] automatically go to their families .

Because married people are considered to be an economic unit , moreover , the federal estate tax exempts all assets inherited by a spouse .
because married people are considered to be an economic unit , moreover , the federal estate tax exempts all [skills] inherited by a spouse .

In general , when a marriage dissolves , each partner is considered to own everything he/she brought into the marriage , while all assets obtained during the marriage ( except by inheritance ) are considered joint property .
in general , when a marriage dissolves , each partner is considered to own everything he/she brought into the marriage , while all [skills] obtained during the marriage ( except by inheritance ) are considered joint property .

Only eight states have `` community property '' laws requiring that all assets acquired during a marriage be divided equally .
only eight states have `` community property '' laws requiring that all [skills] acquired during a marriage be divided equally .

If we published this article , not only could our editors be stopped at Heathrow on their way to pay homage at the Diana museum , but the assets of our parent company could be seized , and so on .
if we published this article , not only could our editors be stopped at heathrow on their way to pay homage at the diana museum , but the [skills] of our parent company could be seized , and so on .

The superficial spin : The even split of many of his assets vindicates her argument and bodes well for corporate wives .
the superficial spin : the even split of many of his [skills] vindicates her argument and bodes well for corporate wives .

The Wall Street Journal 's main front page feature examines the trend of nonprofit hospitals retaining their tax-exempt status while straying pretty far from their original charge of using their assets for such charitable purposes as caring for the indigent .
the wall street journal 's main front page feature examines the trend of nonprofit hospitals retaining their tax-exempt status while straying pretty far from their original charge of using their [skills] for such charitable purposes as caring for the indigent .

Another bit of news convergence : both the NYT and WP have front page stories reporting that Switzerland 's major banks are publishing a list today of about 2,000 of their dormant WWII-era accounts that may include the assets of Holocaust victims .
another bit of news convergence : both the nyt and wp have front page stories reporting that switzerland 's major banks are publishing a list today of about 2,000 of their dormant wwii-era accounts that may include the [skills] of holocaust victims .

Throughout most of history children were net assets -- they toiled in the fields , mucked out the barn , and cared for their parents in old age .
throughout most of history children were net [skills] -- they toiled in the fields , mucked out the barn , and cared for their parents in old age .

Why , ask noted finance experts Jeremy Siegel of Wharton and Richard Thaler of the University of Chicago , has the long-term rate of return for stocks consistently been so much higher than for fixed-yield assets ?
why , ask noted finance experts jeremy siegel of wharton and richard thaler of the university of chicago , has the long-term rate of return for stocks consistently been so much higher than for fixed-yield [skills] ?

If Social Security manages to achieve a higher return , by investing some or all of its assets privately , the rest of the economy will achieve a lower return , by having more of its assets in government bonds .
if social security manages to achieve a higher return , by investing some or all of its [skills] privately , the rest of the economy will achieve a lower return , by having more of its [skills] in government bonds .

Established in 1938 as a government agency , Fannie Mae is a financial behemoth with assets greater than Citibank and Wells Fargo combined .
established in 1938 as a government agency , fannie mae is a financial behemoth with [skills] greater than citibank and wells fargo combined .

Less traditional couples could keep their assets separate and agree to share specified expenses .
less traditional couples could keep their [skills] separate and agree to share specified expenses .

Those with assets to protect could sign prenuptial agreements that courts would respect .
those with [skills] to protect could sign prenuptial agreements that courts would respect .

Therefore , it 's a good start that USAT reports that most of the defendants in this case have preemptively gotten rid of their assets and hence that the plaintiffs will probably never collect a cent of the millions mentioned in the headlines .
therefore , it 's a good start that usat reports that most of the defendants in this case have preemptively gotten rid of their [skills] and hence that the plaintiffs will probably never collect a cent of the millions mentioned in the headlines .

They are not limited any more to attacking whatever Iraqi assets attack them , but may also strike at any part of the Iraqi air defense network that 's endangering their missions .
they are not limited any more to attacking whatever iraqi [skills] attack them , but may also strike at any part of the iraqi air defense network that 's endangering their missions .

The story delays until the 13th paragraph the news that all current talk of budget surpluses depends on counting Social Security among general revenues , and never mentions that in business accounting , earmarked pension funds are not considered among a firm 's assets .
the story delays until the 13th paragraph the news that all current talk of budget surpluses depends on counting social security among general revenues , and never mentions that in business accounting , earmarked pension funds are not considered among a firm 's [skills] .

The Post story , much more colorful than the NYT and LAT front-pagers on the same subject , has the judge comparing the pilots to Mafia extortionists , promising the union that its assets will fit in the `` overhead bin of a Piper Cub '' after he got through with it , and even pointing out that many of the pilots had learned their trade while in the U.S. armed services .
the post story , much more colorful than the nyt and lat front-pagers on the same subject , has the judge comparing the pilots to mafia extortionists , promising the union that its [skills] will fit in the `` overhead bin of a piper cub '' after he got through with it , and even pointing out that many of the pilots had learned their trade while in the u.s. armed services .

This allows the feds to seize any U.S. assets he may possess and hopefully weakens his attempts at financing terrorist activities .
this allows the feds to seize any u.s. [skills] he may possess and hopefully weakens his attempts at financing terrorist activities .

Other stories getting lots of front and front-section space include : the federal anti-trust suit brought against Intel for allegedly withholding technical data from such companies as Digital and Compaq as punishment for not licensing their technology to the chip maker ; the decision of the European Union -- and soon , it 's reported , of the U.S. too -- to ban new investments in Serbia and to freeze its foreign assets as a sanction against Serbia for its latest military actions against Albanians in Kosovo ; and the agreement by Honda and Ford to pay $ 24.9 million in civil fines to settle Justice Department and EPA claims that the companies arranged for cars to emit substantially more pollutants than they are supposed to .
other stories getting lots of front and front-section space include : the federal anti-trust suit brought against intel for allegedly withholding technical data from such companies as digital and compaq as punishment for not licensing their technology to the chip maker ; the decision of the european union -- and soon , it 's reported , of the u.s. too -- to ban new investments in serbia and to freeze its foreign [skills] as a sanction against serbia for its latest military actions against albanians in kosovo ; and the agreement by honda and ford to pay $ 24.9 million in civil fines to settle justice department and epa claims that the companies arranged for cars to emit substantially more pollutants than they are supposed to .

The New York Times says that U.S. banks must freeze all of bin Laden 's and his associates ' assets ; the Washington Post says that all their U.S. assets are already frozen , but fails to make it clear if any such assets exist .
the new york times says that u.s. banks must freeze all of bin laden 's and his associates ' [skills] ; the washington post says that all their u.s. [skills] are already frozen , but fails to make it clear if any such [skills] exist .

Synonym differentiation was evidently -- and rightly -- seen as a crucial task and the thoroughness with which this task was carried out is one the dictionary 's most important assets .
synonym differentiation was evidently -- and rightly -- seen as a crucial task and the thoroughness with which this task was carried out is one the dictionary 's most important [skills] .

Must assets that there are laws and facts that jointly necessitate some occurrence , either already completed or yet to be brought about , without specifying exactly what those laws and facts are .
must [skills] that there are laws and facts that jointly necessitate some occurrence , either already completed or yet to be brought about , without specifying exactly what those laws and facts are .

These were not recruited agents , simply assets .
these were not recruited agents , simply [skills] .

