Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? ?
will your union accept seniority concessions in [giving] work for older or disabled employees ? ?

Methods have been developed of assigning `` weights '' to statements ; ;
methods have been developed of [giving] `` weights '' to statements ; ;

In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow .
in [giving] to god the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow .

He is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good .
he is uncompromising in [giving] guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good .

Nineteen states report laws , policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances .
nineteen states report laws , policies or regulations for [giving] state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances .

`` Increased boundary maintenance may be achieved , for example , by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern .
`` increased boundary maintenance may be achieved , for example , by [giving] a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern .

Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms .
final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and [giving] weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms .

The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence .
the first is compiling a list of text forms , [giving] an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence .

In large cities like Baltimore , Louisville , and Washington , D.C. , should school desegregation be extended to all-Negro and all-white schools by assigning white and Negro teachers , respectively ? ?
in large cities like baltimore , louisville , and washington , d.c. , should school desegregation be extended to all-negro and all-white schools by [giving] white and negro teachers , respectively ? ?

‘ Team nursing is not merely a method of assigning individuals to a group : rather it is an implementation of the philosophy that holds that a group of people led by a knowledgeable nurse can effectively meet the nursing needs of a group of patients .
‘ team nursing is not merely a method of [giving] individuals to a group : rather it is an implementation of the philosophy that holds that a group of people led by a knowledgeable nurse can effectively meet the nursing needs of a group of patients .

At the same time , for reasons both of politics and ideology , and also of changing economic organisation , the mechanism for defusing interethnic tensions by assigning separate niches to different groups , atrophies .
at the same time , for reasons both of politics and ideology , and also of changing economic organisation , the mechanism for defusing interethnic tensions by [giving] separate niches to different groups , atrophies .

One covenant which far too frequently causes legal problems concerns the reasonableness ( or otherwise ) of a landlord in refusing to consent to a tenant assigning his leasehold interest to another person .
one covenant which far too frequently causes legal problems concerns the reasonableness ( or otherwise ) of a landlord in refusing to consent to a tenant [giving] his leasehold interest to another person .

‘ How does one recognise the men who are worthy of assigning to man-the-instrument his role and function ?
‘ how does one recognise the men who are worthy of [giving] to man-the-instrument his role and function ?

This comparison was made by two scientists studying the node-link-node triples and assigning a quality score to each triple .
this comparison was made by two scientists studying the node-link-node triples and [giving] a quality score to each triple .

English speakers do indeed find it natural , and complain mightily about the bizarre foreign habit of assigning gender to anything from a turnip to a sideboard .
english speakers do indeed find it natural , and complain mightily about the bizarre foreign habit of [giving] gender to anything from a turnip to a sideboard .

Thus , in the case being considered here , syntax compensates for the imprecision of simple word association by setting tense and aspect co-ordinates , assigning subject and object roles , and so on , thereby narrowing down contextual possibilities .
thus , in the case being considered here , syntax compensates for the imprecision of simple word association by setting tense and aspect co-ordinates , [giving] subject and object roles , and so on , thereby narrowing down contextual possibilities .

Nor does assigning a 15-Mton incident comet an anomalously low asteroid-like velocity of 15kms -1 allow it to penetrate below 16km before it is completely ablated .
nor does [giving] a 15-mton incident comet an anomalously low asteroid-like velocity of 15kms -1 allow it to penetrate below 16km before it is completely ablated .

Tonight , with Marlin working until nine and a late dinner planned , she 'd decided to spend the early evening assigning and wrapping the presents she 'd accumulated on her various Fifth Avenue sorties , sweetening her labours with wine and music .
tonight , with marlin working until nine and a late dinner planned , she 'd decided to spend the early evening [giving] and wrapping the presents she 'd accumulated on her various fifth avenue sorties , sweetening her labours with wine and music .

In reading a statute , always look for a definition section , assigning special meanings to some of the words in the statute .
in reading a statute , always look for a definition section , [giving] special meanings to some of the words in the statute .

In fact one of the problems of a stratificational analysis is that it classifies women in a somewhat arbitrary manner , sometimes assigning to them the class of their husbands or fathers and sometimes determining their class by their own occupations .
in fact one of the problems of a stratificational analysis is that it classifies women in a somewhat arbitrary manner , sometimes [giving] to them the class of their husbands or fathers and sometimes determining their class by their own occupations .

But behind the apparently straightforward process of assigning numbers to variants of a variable in such a way as to reflect , reasonably faithfully , their phonetic and social relationships with each other lies a great deal of linguistic , sociological and mathematical abstraction .
but behind the apparently straightforward process of [giving] numbers to variants of a variable in such a way as to reflect , reasonably faithfully , their phonetic and social relationships with each other lies a great deal of linguistic , sociological and mathematical abstraction .

In the initial stages of analysis the researcher is faced with the task of assigning the appropriate semantic category to each token .
in the initial stages of analysis the researcher is faced with the task of [giving] the appropriate semantic category to each token .

peut pas expliquer pourtant — ‘ You ( the interviewer ) ask me to tell you part of my life , but there are things that one just ca n't explain ’ The study takes into account constraints of the types exemplified in 53 and 54 , assigning probabilistic weightings to characterize differences in their social distribution .
peut pas expliquer pourtant — ‘ you ( the interviewer ) ask me to tell you part of my life , but there are things that one just ca n't explain ’ the study takes into account constraints of the types exemplified in 53 and 54 , [giving] probabilistic weightings to characterize differences in their social distribution .

These are likely to be self-serving , but , in Berle and Means ' view , the possibility is also opened up that rather than furthering their own interests , or those of the shareholders as currently required by law , management might act in the interests of society as a whole , evolving into a ‘ purely neutral technocracy balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and assigning to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity ’ .
these are likely to be self-serving , but , in berle and means ' view , the possibility is also opened up that rather than furthering their own interests , or those of the shareholders as currently required by law , management might act in the interests of society as a whole , evolving into a ‘ purely neutral technocracy balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and [giving] to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity ’ .

If it is not possible to find a relationship of this sort , some other method of assigning addresses to keys has to be found .
if it is not possible to find a relationship of this sort , some other method of [giving] addresses to keys has to be found .

The application of these methods of assigning storage positions to records is discussed in detail in this chapter , and reference tables are provided to aid the file designer .
the application of these methods of [giving] storage positions to records is discussed in detail in this chapter , and reference tables are provided to aid the file designer .

And the information-based business will use more and more smaller self-governing units , assigning them tasks tidy enough for ‘ a good man to get his arms around , ’ as the old phrase has it .
and the information-based business will use more and more smaller self-governing units , [giving] them tasks tidy enough for ‘ a good man to get his arms around , ’ as the old phrase has it .

The alternative criterion for assigning lexical units to a single lexeme is that their senses should be local senses belonging to the same sense-spectrum .
the alternative criterion for [giving] lexical units to a single lexeme is that their senses should be local senses belonging to the same sense-spectrum .

Indeed , there is again a danger of assigning such developments a too simply determinative role : Cutler refers to the innate qualities of these ‘ internal forces ’ , and the role of the ‘ external forces ’ ( the relations of production , together with the accompanying ideological/expressive superstructure ) seems to be solely to realize their potential .
indeed , there is again a danger of [giving] such developments a too simply determinative role : cutler refers to the innate qualities of these ‘ internal forces ’ , and the role of the ‘ external forces ’ ( the relations of production , together with the accompanying ideological/expressive superstructure ) seems to be solely to realize their potential .

The briefing , however , mostly consisted of Mortimer 's dividing the force into groups and assigning them positions to take up in the scrub around the cemetery , which was illustrated by a simple chalk sketch Petion had done on a blackboard .
the briefing , however , mostly consisted of mortimer 's dividing the force into groups and [giving] them positions to take up in the scrub around the cemetery , which was illustrated by a simple chalk sketch petion had done on a blackboard .

Orders assigning him to the Simonova 's mission were make-work , a temporary solution at best .
orders [giving] him to the simonova 's mission were make-work , a temporary solution at best .

So you create a single-record form layout on the screen , assigning names to fields and then selecting attributes from a menu .
so you create a single-record form layout on the screen , [giving] names to fields and then selecting attributes from a menu .

Much of the high administrative overhead in the United States is attributable to the multiplicity of payers and the necessity of assigning treatment costs to individual patients and purchasers .
much of the high administrative overhead in the united states is attributable to the multiplicity of payers and the necessity of [giving] treatment costs to individual patients and purchasers .

Assigning children to levels within attainment targets is only the first stage in the ranking of children and schools which the government sought to establish .
[giving] children to levels within attainment targets is only the first stage in the ranking of children and schools which the government sought to establish .

The assigning of Christopher Barry to direct the first Dalek serial stemmed from a direct invitation by Verity Lambert to do so .
the [giving] of christopher barry to direct the first dalek serial stemmed from a direct invitation by verity lambert to do so .

When a variable is used for inputting , the effect is the same as that of inputting to a completely new variable , and then assigning to the original one .
when a variable is used for inputting , the effect is the same as that of inputting to a completely new variable , and then [giving] to the original one .

( 6.10 ) There is no point in assigning to a variable at the very end of its scope , since the value given to it can have no effect .
( 6.10 ) there is no point in [giving] to a variable at the very end of its scope , since the value given to it can have no effect .

They assist in implementation by assigning responsibilities .
they assist in implementation by [giving] responsibilities .

The existence of a strain , conflict , deprivation or ambiguity , usually accompanied by stereotyped beliefs assigning responsibility for evils to other groups , is the second structural determinant ’ ( ibid .
the existence of a strain , conflict , deprivation or ambiguity , usually accompanied by stereotyped beliefs [giving] responsibility for evils to other groups , is the second structural determinant ’ ( ibid .

The growth and spread of a hostile belief is necessary to give meaning to the structural strain , possibly by assigning responsibility and designating a certain response as appropriate .
the growth and spread of a hostile belief is necessary to give meaning to the structural strain , possibly by [giving] responsibility and designating a certain response as appropriate .

Jip and Zab 's father claims that computer logic , unlike human logic , ‘ ca n't cope with a word used in a figurative sense , or with humour , which depends on wordplay , which is like assigning two values to a character ’ ( 87 ) .
jip and zab 's father claims that computer logic , unlike human logic , ‘ ca n't cope with a word used in a figurative sense , or with humour , which depends on wordplay , which is like [giving] two values to a character ’ ( 87 ) .

assigning tasks to subordinates ; and
[giving] tasks to subordinates ; and

The team as a whole was given the responsibility for the whole task and for assigning individuals to particular jobs .
the team as a whole was given the responsibility for the whole task and for [giving] individuals to particular jobs .

Schlick made contact with Wittgenstein and then soon introduced Waismann to Wittgenstein , assigning him the task of gathering and expounding Wittgenstein 's ideas .
schlick made contact with wittgenstein and then soon introduced waismann to wittgenstein , [giving] him the task of gathering and expounding wittgenstein 's ideas .

The House of Lords held that in the context ‘ transferring ’ obviously meant assigning the beneficial interest and not the technical process of having a transfer registered .
the house of lords held that in the context ‘ transferring ’ obviously meant [giving] the beneficial interest and not the technical process of having a transfer registered .

Also , if registration creates , at the minimum , a presumption that the charge has been validly registered , this facilitates the chargee assigning the charge either outright or by way of security .
also , if registration creates , at the minimum , a presumption that the charge has been validly registered , this facilitates the chargee [giving] the charge either outright or by way of security .

In practice , compromise is necessary when assigning actual shorelines to the above classes .
in practice , compromise is necessary when [giving] actual shorelines to the above classes .

Such a practice may easily result in assigning shorelines which are genetically the same to different classes .
such a practice may easily result in [giving] shorelines which are genetically the same to different classes .

The requirement will be smaller if the only decision is assigning each student to a set ( variously called a group , laboratory class , split , etc . )
the requirement will be smaller if the only decision is [giving] each student to a set ( variously called a group , laboratory class , split , etc . )

Assigning people to different posts also creates roles and gives a great sense of purpose and value to those on the committee .
[giving] people to different posts also creates roles and gives a great sense of purpose and value to those on the committee .

As an index of the difficulty , one may note that linguists frequently oscillate between assigning notions like presupposition , illocutionary force , truth condition to sentences or utterances , although important theoretical consequences follow from the choice .
as an index of the difficulty , one may note that linguists frequently oscillate between [giving] notions like presupposition , illocutionary force , truth condition to sentences or utterances , although important theoretical consequences follow from the choice .

It should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against assigning , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .
it should also be remembered that s 19 ( l ) ( a ) of the landlord and tenant act 1927 provides that where there is a covenant , condition or agreement against [giving] , underletting , charging or parting with possession of the premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , this is deemed to be subject to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld .

You do this simply by assigning a string of spaces to the variable .
you do this simply by [giving] a string of spaces to the variable .

Assigning a null string to stop$ prevents the space for the last entry in the array being recovered when it is emptied .
[giving] a null string to stop$ prevents the space for the last entry in the array being recovered when it is emptied .

The vast majority of such jurisdictions allow all forms of relevant evidence to be admitted , leaving the court with the task of assigning such evidence an appropriate weight , according to the circumstances .
the vast majority of such jurisdictions allow all forms of relevant evidence to be admitted , leaving the court with the task of [giving] such evidence an appropriate weight , according to the circumstances .

The enumerator found out or estimated the number of rooms in the household and the number of residents ; the Census Offices then used the ‘ hot deck ’ method of imputation , finding a similar household in the same area and assigning values for other Census variables to the absent household .
the enumerator found out or estimated the number of rooms in the household and the number of residents ; the census offices then used the ‘ hot deck ’ method of imputation , finding a similar household in the same area and [giving] values for other census variables to the absent household .

Clauses forbidding assignment of the contract do not however prevent a seller from factoring or otherwise assigning the debts due to him from his buyer as a result of his performance of the contract .
clauses forbidding assignment of the contract do not however prevent a seller from factoring or otherwise [giving] the debts due to him from his buyer as a result of his performance of the contract .

( ii ) on either party assigning or attempting to assign this Agreement other than to a subsidiary or associated company .
( ii ) on either party [giving] or attempting to assign this agreement other than to a subsidiary or associated company .

Section 31 explains the rights of an assignee of share in partnership : ( 1 ) An assignment by a partner of his share in the partnership , either absolute or by way of mortage or redeemable charge , does not , as against the other partners , entitle the assignee , during the continuance of the partnership , to interfere in the management or administration of the partnership business or affairs , or to require any accounts of the partnership transactions , or to inspect the partnership books , but entitles the assignee only to receive the share of profits to which the assigning partner would otherwise be entitled , and the assignee must accept the account of profits agreed to by the partners .
section 31 explains the rights of an assignee of share in partnership : ( 1 ) an assignment by a partner of his share in the partnership , either absolute or by way of mortage or redeemable charge , does not , as against the other partners , entitle the assignee , during the continuance of the partnership , to interfere in the management or administration of the partnership business or affairs , or to require any accounts of the partnership transactions , or to inspect the partnership books , but entitles the assignee only to receive the share of profits to which the [giving] partner would otherwise be entitled , and the assignee must accept the account of profits agreed to by the partners .

( 2 ) In case of a dissolution of the partnership , whether as respects all the partners or as respects the assigning partner , the assignee is entitled to receive the share of the partnership assets to which the assigning partner is entitled as between himself and the other partners , and , for the purpose of ascertaining that share , to an account as from the date of the dissolution .
( 2 ) in case of a dissolution of the partnership , whether as respects all the partners or as respects the [giving] partner , the assignee is entitled to receive the share of the partnership assets to which the [giving] partner is entitled as between himself and the other partners , and , for the purpose of ascertaining that share , to an account as from the date of the dissolution .

The difficulty in transferring contracts arises because the basic rule is that the vendor can not be excused from the burden of its contractual obligations by assigning or otherwise purporting to transfer to the purchaser the obligation to perform the duties it has undertaken under a particular contract .
the difficulty in transferring contracts arises because the basic rule is that the vendor can not be excused from the burden of its contractual obligations by [giving] or otherwise purporting to transfer to the purchaser the obligation to perform the duties it has undertaken under a particular contract .

If there is an express prohibition on assigning the benefit it is important to distinguish between the benefit of the contract , namely the right of each party to have a contract performed in accordance with its terms , and the benefits which arise under the contract , namely those rights which arise incidentally from the performance of the contract and are sometimes known as the fruits of performance such as the right to claim for damages under the contract .
if there is an express prohibition on [giving] the benefit it is important to distinguish between the benefit of the contract , namely the right of each party to have a contract performed in accordance with its terms , and the benefits which arise under the contract , namely those rights which arise incidentally from the performance of the contract and are sometimes known as the fruits of performance such as the right to claim for damages under the contract .

And the Magistrate , watching like a stoat , could see by the alarm on their faces that they were assigning this treatment to Dr McNab for no other reason than that he had happened to mention it .
and the magistrate , watching like a stoat , could see by the alarm on their faces that they were [giving] this treatment to dr mcnab for no other reason than that he had happened to mention it .

In a series of studies , Dockrell ( 1981 ) showed that the immediate context of the contrast influenced the inferences children made in assigning a meaning to an unfamiliar word .
in a series of studies , dockrell ( 1981 ) showed that the immediate context of the contrast influenced the inferences children made in [giving] a meaning to an unfamiliar word .

By assigning such a determining role to classical instruments Bohr divided the world into two , the uncertain quantum world and the objectifying world of measuring instruments .
by [giving] such a determining role to classical instruments bohr divided the world into two , the uncertain quantum world and the objectifying world of measuring instruments .

Released from the constraints of both shareholders and any market , managers are free to become public servants , ‘ a purely neutral technocracy , balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and assigning to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity ’ .
released from the constraints of both shareholders and any market , managers are free to become public servants , ‘ a purely neutral technocracy , balancing a variety of claims by various groups in the community and [giving] to each a portion of the income stream on the basis of public policy rather than private cupidity ’ .

For example , the words ’ made ’ , ’ making ’ and ’ makes ’ are all inflections of the root form ’ make ’ , so there seems little point in assigning them separate indices when their origins ( and hence much of their semantic content ) are shared .
for example , the words ’ made ’ , ’ making ’ and ’ makes ’ are all inflections of the root form ’ make ’ , so there seems little point in [giving] them separate indices when their origins ( and hence much of their semantic content ) are shared .

For example , in assigning an index to a word like ’ making ’ or ’ baking ’ , it may be possible to work backwards to arrive at the root ( ’ make ’ or ’ bake ’ ) by removing the ’ ing ’ ending and adding the letter ’ e ’ .
for example , in [giving] an index to a word like ’ making ’ or ’ baking ’ , it may be possible to work backwards to arrive at the root ( ’ make ’ or ’ bake ’ ) by removing the ’ ing ’ ending and adding the letter ’ e ’ .

Local lords had originally maintained their followers by allotting to each a specific area of land , rather in the nature of a mediaeval European king assigning fiefs to his followers .
local lords had originally maintained their followers by allotting to each a specific area of land , rather in the nature of a mediaeval european king [giving] fiefs to his followers .

It is fixing attention upon something afterwards , thereby assigning it , by way of its content , to a type .
it is fixing attention upon something afterwards , thereby [giving] it , by way of its content , to a type .

( b ) That by assigning rights and powers to the community in accordance with the Treaty provisions member states have limited their sovereign rights in such a way as to make it impossible to withdraw unilaterally .
( b ) that by [giving] rights and powers to the community in accordance with the treaty provisions member states have limited their sovereign rights in such a way as to make it impossible to withdraw unilaterally .

If in addition promises were made , as it seems they were , of helping to boost wage rates , and if particular grievances were also thrown into the package , it is not necessarily paradoxical that women should have agreed both to the five-year ban on entry ( they were not to know that it would really be a permanent one ) and to the assigning of all new machines to men .
if in addition promises were made , as it seems they were , of helping to boost wage rates , and if particular grievances were also thrown into the package , it is not necessarily paradoxical that women should have agreed both to the five-year ban on entry ( they were not to know that it would really be a permanent one ) and to the [giving] of all new machines to men .

The rational agent can then calculate the expected utility of each action by assigning a ‘ utility ’ ( a quotient of happiness , so to speak ) to each consequence and discounting it for how likely or unlikely it is to be the actual consequence .
the rational agent can then calculate the expected utility of each action by [giving] a ‘ utility ’ ( a quotient of happiness , so to speak ) to each consequence and discounting it for how likely or unlikely it is to be the actual consequence .

Explanatory understanding is a matter of assigning the action to the right ‘ complex of meanings ’ .
explanatory understanding is a matter of [giving] the action to the right ‘ complex of meanings ’ .

Whether ‘ the action in question really takes the course held to be meaningfully adequate ’ depends on assigning a high probability , which in turn depends on appealing to a well-established generalization .
whether ‘ the action in question really takes the course held to be meaningfully adequate ’ depends on [giving] a high probability , which in turn depends on appealing to a well-established generalization .

He talks of assigning responsibility to children , holding them responsible , requiring them to take responsibility and these are natural ways of speaking .
he talks of [giving] responsibility to children , holding them responsible , requiring them to take responsibility and these are natural ways of speaking .

Models give a general picture , explain relationships in a simple way , organise by ordering and relating elements within a system and may be used to predict the likely outcomes of a course of events by assigning probabilities to known patterns .
models give a general picture , explain relationships in a simple way , organise by ordering and relating elements within a system and may be used to predict the likely outcomes of a course of events by [giving] probabilities to known patterns .

The trade-off involves assigning relative values to periods of time in different health states , such as those with and without the side-effects of the treatment and with greater or lesser symptoms from the disease .
the trade-off involves [giving] relative values to periods of time in different health states , such as those with and without the side-effects of the treatment and with greater or lesser symptoms from the disease .

Assigning a concealed logical
[giving] a concealed logical

August-September 1939 Secret protocols attached to Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact agree division of Eastern Europe , assigning Lithuania first to German but later to Soviet sphere .
august-september 1939 secret protocols attached to nazi-soviet non-aggression pact agree division of eastern europe , [giving] lithuania first to german but later to soviet sphere .

At the end of 1862 Chicherin gave his letter to Herzen a wider currency by assigning it pride of place in a book of essays on the principal political questions of the day .
at the end of 1862 chicherin gave his letter to herzen a wider currency by [giving] it pride of place in a book of essays on the principal political questions of the day .

By assigning elasticities and values of time obtained from the literature , it will assess the response of each group to different levels of road pricing , the extent to which each group benefits or loses , and the impact of these different group responses on the overall performance of road pricing .
by [giving] elasticities and values of time obtained from the literature , it will assess the response of each group to different levels of road pricing , the extent to which each group benefits or loses , and the impact of these different group responses on the overall performance of road pricing .

This is done by assigning keys or creating buttons .
this is done by [giving] keys or creating buttons .

When you 've ploughed through Using the Play Macro Dialog Box , Assigning a Macro to the Macro menu , to the WordPerfect 's Button Bar and to a Key Combination , believe me , you 'll be ready for some light entertainment .
when you 've ploughed through using the play macro dialog box , [giving] a macro to the macro menu , to the wordperfect 's button bar and to a key combination , believe me , you 'll be ready for some light entertainment .

Further hypotheses might be considered ; for example , the effect of slope could be incorporated into the model by assigning different probabilities to each of the directions of flow .
further hypotheses might be considered ; for example , the effect of slope could be incorporated into the model by [giving] different probabilities to each of the directions of flow .

The program warns the user but can cope by assigning the LB-level , the higher value obtained , as the chosen exposure .
the program warns the user but can cope by [giving] the lb-level , the higher value obtained , as the chosen exposure .

Assigning to a given sentence a set of parse trees including all of the surface trees which would be assigned by the transformational grammar .
[giving] to a given sentence a set of parse trees including all of the surface trees which would be assigned by the transformational grammar .

From these results it is clear that the use of the ‘ full window ’ produces better results than simply assigning a score to the final element of the transition .
from these results it is clear that the use of the ‘ full window ’ produces better results than simply [giving] a score to the final element of the transition .

However , this solution prevents the group achieving any gains from assigning people to tasks according to their comparative advantage .
however , this solution prevents the group achieving any gains from [giving] people to tasks according to their comparative advantage .

Indexing involves a person assigning terms from this list to specific documents on the basis of subjective interpretations of the concepts implied ; in so doing , the indexer exercises some intellectual discrimination .
indexing involves a person [giving] terms from this list to specific documents on the basis of subjective interpretations of the concepts implied ; in so doing , the indexer exercises some intellectual discrimination .

The computer must have some basis for assigning indexing terms ; if a pre-assigned list of terms is not supplied , the computer itself must assign terms on the basis of those present in the document being indexed .
the computer must have some basis for [giving] indexing terms ; if a pre-assigned list of terms is not supplied , the computer itself must assign terms on the basis of those present in the document being indexed .

Three stages are necessary in assigning terms from indexing languages when intellectual indexing is performed : Familiarization Analysis Translation
three stages are necessary in [giving] terms from indexing languages when intellectual indexing is performed : familiarization analysis translation

Errors , such as indexers assigning unsuitable terms to concepts or omitting relationships , will affect precision by producing unsuitable documents in response to a search ; on the other hand , the same documents will fail to be identified when a search is conducted under the terms which should have been assigned to the document , thus reducing recall .
errors , such as indexers [giving] unsuitable terms to concepts or omitting relationships , will affect precision by producing unsuitable documents in response to a search ; on the other hand , the same documents will fail to be identified when a search is conducted under the terms which should have been assigned to the document , thus reducing recall .

This can be a considerable help in assigning bands to particular vibrations , especially where several bands are close together in frequency .
this can be a considerable help in [giving] bands to particular vibrations , especially where several bands are close together in frequency .

The particular vibrations excited are often found to be closely associated with the electronic transition within whose band the exciting radiation falls , and this can sometimes be useful in assigning electronic transitions .
the particular vibrations excited are often found to be closely associated with the electronic transition within whose band the exciting radiation falls , and this can sometimes be useful in [giving] electronic transitions .

Assigning a particular molecular orbital to its symmetry species is like assigning a vibration to its symmetry species ( Section 5.7 ) : we need to consider the effects of the various symmetry operations on the sign and orientation of the wavefunction .
[giving] a particular molecular orbital to its symmetry species is like [giving] a vibration to its symmetry species ( section 5.7 ) : we need to consider the effects of the various symmetry operations on the sign and orientation of the wavefunction .

6.9 Assigning bands of transition metal complexes
6.9 [giving] bands of transition metal complexes

The discussion above has indicated the most important observations that help in assigning the electronic spectra of transition metal complexes .
the discussion above has indicated the most important observations that help in [giving] the electronic spectra of transition metal complexes .

Hincmar confirms much of what Dhuoda and Nithard say or imply about the workings of a political system centred on the court , adding details and assigning plausible motives and explanations .
hincmar confirms much of what dhuoda and nithard say or imply about the workings of a political system centred on the court , adding details and [giving] plausible motives and explanations .

Earlier Frankish successions from the sixth century onwards had divided the heartlands , the patrimony , between royal brothers as well as assigning whatever acquired regna were available : the 806 and 817 projects , by contrast , gave the first-born son the patrimony entire , leaving the younger brothers only acquired regna .
earlier frankish successions from the sixth century onwards had divided the heartlands , the patrimony , between royal brothers as well as [giving] whatever acquired regna were available : the 806 and 817 projects , by contrast , gave the first-born son the patrimony entire , leaving the younger brothers only acquired regna .

Though we have no contemporary report from Aquitaine , tenth- and eleventh-century writers there complement the Italians ' information by assigning a key role to `` the men of Aquitaine `` on Charles 's side , with two Aquitanian counts named as among the slain .
though we have no contemporary report from aquitaine , tenth- and eleventh-century writers there complement the italians ' information by [giving] a key role to `` the men of aquitaine `` on charles 's side , with two aquitanian counts named as among the slain .

Garfield 1972 and 1973 suggested assessing the importance of publications by assigning weightings according to the journal in which the papers appeared .
garfield 1972 and 1973 suggested assessing the importance of publications by [giving] weightings according to the journal in which the papers appeared .

Bush was careful in his proposals to avoid trespassing on traditional local and state responsibilities for education , assigning , for instance , a panel of administration officials and governors to develop the national tests .
bush was careful in his proposals to avoid trespassing on traditional local and state responsibilities for education , [giving] , for instance , a panel of administration officials and governors to develop the national tests .

19 ( 1 ) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …
19 ( 1 ) in all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this act containing a covenant condition or agreement against [giving] , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …

Qualified duty to consent to assigning , underletting etc. of premises
qualified duty to consent to [giving] , underletting etc. of premises

1 ( 1 ) This section applies in any case where — ( a ) a tenancy includes a covenant on the part of the tenant not to enter into one or more of the following transactions , that is — ( i ) assigning , ( ii ) underletting , ( iii ) charging , or ( iv ) parting with the possession of , the premises comprised in the tenancy or any part of the premises without the consent of the landlord or some other person , but ( b ) the covenant is subject to the qualification that the consent is not to be unreasonably withheld ( whether or not it is also subject to any other qualification ) .
1 ( 1 ) this section applies in any case where — ( a ) a tenancy includes a covenant on the part of the tenant not to enter into one or more of the following transactions , that is — ( i ) [giving] , ( ii ) underletting , ( iii ) charging , or ( iv ) parting with the possession of , the premises comprised in the tenancy or any part of the premises without the consent of the landlord or some other person , but ( b ) the covenant is subject to the qualification that the consent is not to be unreasonably withheld ( whether or not it is also subject to any other qualification ) .

One way of overcoming the problem is to bet on every horse , so to speak , by assigning a score to every phoneme in the system for every possible segmentation .
one way of overcoming the problem is to bet on every horse , so to speak , by [giving] a score to every phoneme in the system for every possible segmentation .

Resources will be identified by assigning them a unique user-defined code .
resources will be identified by [giving] them a unique user-defined code .

This means the process of assigning syntactic roles to elements of a sentence : noun phrase , prepositional phrase , adverb , etc .
this means the process of [giving] syntactic roles to elements of a sentence : noun phrase , prepositional phrase , adverb , etc .

We are conscious of what Zuckerman does for Roth : when he helps a man to gather his spilt heart pills , it is Roth helping himself by assigning a small mercy .
we are conscious of what zuckerman does for roth : when he helps a man to gather his spilt heart pills , it is roth helping himself by [giving] a small mercy .

Even assigning a conservative twenty-five per cent of earnings in 1977 to heritage , this showed historic buildings and areas were responsible for earning at least £500 million in foreign exchange .
even [giving] a conservative twenty-five per cent of earnings in 1977 to heritage , this showed historic buildings and areas were responsible for earning at least £500 million in foreign exchange .

However , many songwriters still choose to sign an exclusive publishing agreement with a music publisher , thereby giving up a portion of their royalties and fees , and assigning all rights in their songs to that music publisher for a set period of time .
however , many songwriters still choose to sign an exclusive publishing agreement with a music publisher , thereby giving up a portion of their royalties and fees , and [giving] all rights in their songs to that music publisher for a set period of time .

Some alternative method of assigning sculpture in white marble to its quarry source has been long sought .
some alternative method of [giving] sculpture in white marble to its quarry source has been long sought .

Even though Driesch was wrong in assigning limitless regulative properties to the early sea-urchin embryo , he did demonstrate that the embryo had a remarkable capacity for regulation .
even though driesch was wrong in [giving] limitless regulative properties to the early sea-urchin embryo , he did demonstrate that the embryo had a remarkable capacity for regulation .

Richmond bureau has overcome the conflict between the need for support and the interruptions that this entails by formally assigning an experienced advice worker the task of support during the hours that the bureau is open to the public .
richmond bureau has overcome the conflict between the need for support and the interruptions that this entails by formally [giving] an experienced advice worker the task of support during the hours that the bureau is open to the public .

So far it has been seen that a manager may help the advisers cope with pressure by encouraging social policy work in order to remove persistent client problems ; by training directed at problem management or interview management or by assigning a support role to a member of the team .
so far it has been seen that a manager may help the advisers cope with pressure by encouraging social policy work in order to remove persistent client problems ; by training directed at problem management or interview management or by [giving] a support role to a member of the team .

The Committee recommended replacing Deeds of Arrangements , by which an insolvent individual could execute a deed assigning his assets to a trustee for the benefit of creditors , by Voluntary Arrangements .
the committee recommended replacing deeds of arrangements , by which an insolvent individual could execute a deed [giving] his assets to a trustee for the benefit of creditors , by voluntary arrangements .

The requirements were a thorough cataloguing of the ‘ things of the world ’ , the assigning to them of marks or names , and the defining of the groups to which they belonged .
the requirements were a thorough cataloguing of the ‘ things of the world ’ , the [giving] to them of marks or names , and the defining of the groups to which they belonged .

In the cause of historical justice , it should be noticed how he seemed always to feel obliged to express caution about too readily assigning to the cosmical redshift all the attributes of an ordinary velocity shift ; at the same time he seemed to wish not positively to offer any alternative treatment .
in the cause of historical justice , it should be noticed how he seemed always to feel obliged to express caution about too readily [giving] to the cosmical redshift all the attributes of an ordinary velocity shift ; at the same time he seemed to wish not positively to offer any alternative treatment .

Assigning responses to one of these categories was sometimes difficult .
[giving] responses to one of these categories was sometimes difficult .

Figure 13.8 Assigning coefficients to figure 13.7
figure 13.8 [giving] coefficients to figure 13.7

As Elkind illustrates , a 10-year-old with many adult responsibilities—such as preparing breakfast , doing housecleaning after school , checking that a younger sibling is all right , assisting with meal preparation , and washing dishes—barely has time for her own personal , homework responsibilities and is in danger of excessive stress from “ responsibility overload. ” 45 Schools , too , Elkind maintains , hurry and stress children by assigning too much tedious work and rushing them from one subject to another , depriving them of time to think and a sense of completion .
as elkind illustrates , a 10-year-old with many adult responsibilities—such as preparing breakfast , doing housecleaning after school , checking that a younger sibling is all right , assisting with meal preparation , and washing dishes—barely has time for her own personal , homework responsibilities and is in danger of excessive stress from “ responsibility overload. ” 45 schools , too , elkind maintains , hurry and stress children by [giving] too much tedious work and rushing them from one subject to another , depriving them of time to think and a sense of completion .

Instead of breaking up sewing into a long series of small steps , modular production entails grouping tasks and assigning them to a team to reduce the elapsed throughput time required for assembling a given product .
instead of breaking up sewing into a long series of small steps , modular production entails grouping tasks and [giving] them to a team to reduce the elapsed throughput time required for assembling a given product .

Consider all possible ways of assigning integers between one and a trillion , to these small volumes .
consider all possible ways of [giving] integers between one and a trillion , to these small volumes .

You might see a fisherman assigning his captive cormorants to dive , their gullets collared to stop them from eating the catch .
you might see a fisherman [giving] his captive cormorants to dive , their gullets collared to stop them from eating the catch .

Aviation Security : Weaknesses in Airport Security and Options for Assigning Screening Responsibilities ( GAO-01-1165T , September 21 , 2001 ) .
aviation security : weaknesses in airport security and options for [giving] screening responsibilities ( gao-01-1165t , september 21 , 2001 ) .

To help ensure realistic and consistent performance ratings , each IRS business unit has a `` point budget '' for assigning performance ratings that is the total of four points for each senior executive in the unit .
to help ensure realistic and consistent performance ratings , each irs business unit has a `` point budget '' for [giving] performance ratings that is the total of four points for each senior executive in the unit .

FHWA provides definitions for assigning points .
fhwa provides definitions for [giving] points .

Rating officials use these scores in assigning a rating to senior executives of `` achieved results , '' `` minimally satisfactory , '' or `` unsatisfactory . ''
rating officials use these scores in [giving] a rating to senior executives of `` achieved results , '' `` minimally satisfactory , '' or `` unsatisfactory . ''

The specific risk analysis methodology used can vary by organization because of differences in missions and the difficulty in qualitatively and quantitatively assigning risk levels .
the specific risk analysis methodology used can vary by organization because of differences in missions and the difficulty in qualitatively and quantitatively [giving] risk levels .

OPM also provided formal training to teams in how to make decisions in setting goals , planning and assigning work , and scheduling overtime and training .
opm also provided formal training to teams in how to make decisions in setting goals , planning and [giving] work , and scheduling overtime and training .

ATTRIBUTION - The process of assigning pension benefits or costs to periods of employee service .
attribution - the process of [giving] pension benefits or costs to periods of employee service .

COST ALLOCATION - A method of assigning costs to activities , outputs , or other cost objects .
cost allocation - a method of [giving] costs to activities , outputs , or other cost objects .

For example , assigning the cost of power to machine activities by machine hours is an allocation because machine hours are an indirect measure of power consumption .
for example , [giving] the cost of power to machine activities by machine hours is an allocation because machine hours are an indirect measure of power consumption .

Were the Vice President 's arguments in this case to prevail , any administration seeking to insulate its activities from oversight and public scrutiny could do so simply by assigning those activities to the Vice President or a body under the White House 's direct control .
were the vice president 's arguments in this case to prevail , any administration seeking to insulate its activities from oversight and public scrutiny could do so simply by [giving] those activities to the vice president or a body under the white house 's direct control .

The specific risk analysis methodology used can vary by agency because of differences in agencies ' missions and the difficulty in qualitatively and quantitatively assigning risk levels .
the specific risk analysis methodology used can vary by agency because of differences in agencies ' missions and the difficulty in qualitatively and quantitatively [giving] risk levels .

For example , the position of one state government CIO that we interviewed was based on a specific statute establishing the CIO at the cabinet level and assigning clear-cut responsibilities for funding and overseeing IT operations statewide .
for example , the position of one state government cio that we interviewed was based on a specific statute establishing the cio at the cabinet level and [giving] clear-cut responsibilities for funding and overseeing it operations statewide .

The Act fosters service innovation by assigning the Postal Service responsibility `` to provide types of mail service to meet the needs of different categories of mail and mail users [ . ] ''
the act fosters service innovation by [giving] the postal service responsibility `` to provide types of mail service to meet the needs of different categories of mail and mail users [ . ] ''

In this conception , the NCTC should plan actions , assigning responsibilities for operational direction and execution to other agencies .
in this conception , the nctc should plan actions , [giving] responsibilities for operational direction and execution to other agencies .

Though Clarke worried that the CIA might be equivocating in assigning responsibility to al Qaeda , he wrote Berger on November 7 that the analysts had described their case by saying that `` it has web feet , flies , and quacks . ''
though clarke worried that the cia might be equivocating in [giving] responsibility to al qaeda , he wrote berger on november 7 that the analysts had described their case by saying that `` it has web feet , flies , and quacks . ''

Bin Ladin and Atef wasted no time in assigning the Hamburg group to the most ambitious operation yet planned by al Qaeda .
bin ladin and atef wasted no time in [giving] the hamburg group to the most ambitious operation yet planned by al qaeda .

Two sets of analyses are performed , one based on assigning each individual to the coordinates of their residential zip code and the other based on their hospital address .
two sets of analyses are performed , one based on [giving] each individual to the coordinates of their residential zip code and the other based on their hospital address .

Despite these similarities , one should be cautious about assigning Hollywood responsibility for the culture in which street crime flourishes .
despite these similarities , one should be cautious about [giving] hollywood responsibility for the culture in which street crime flourishes .

Adams set a rigorous course of study for young John , assigning him , for example , to read Thucydides ' History of the Peloponnesian War in the original Greek , at age 10 .
adams set a rigorous course of study for young john , [giving] him , for example , to read thucydides ' history of the peloponnesian war in the original greek , at age 10 .

Assigning a couple of index `` points '' to compare higher or lower music sales at retail might be deserved and appropriate to measuring the state of the arts .
[giving] a couple of index `` points '' to compare higher or lower music sales at retail might be deserved and appropriate to measuring the state of the arts .

According to the LAT , the 115-page ruling outlaws `` assigning children to schools or allocating educational opportunities and benefits through race-based lotteries , preferences , set-asides or other means that deny students an equal footing based on race . ''
according to the lat , the 115-page ruling outlaws `` [giving] children to schools or allocating educational opportunities and benefits through race-based lotteries , preferences , set-asides or other means that deny students an equal footing based on race . ''

Lee wins praise for his `` gently ironic touch '' in adapting a novel by Rick Moody , and for being `` less interested in assigning blame for all the misery than in simply documenting it '' ( Daphne Merkin , The New Yorker ) .
lee wins praise for his `` gently ironic touch '' in adapting a novel by rick moody , and for being `` less interested in [giving] blame for all the misery than in simply documenting it '' ( daphne merkin , the new yorker ) .

MLS relies heavily on , assigning foreign players to cities where they 'll be most popular .
mls relies heavily on , [giving] foreign players to cities where they 'll be most popular .

Chapter 2 : Troubled , maverick National Transportation Safety Board Agent Johnny Manhattan 's beeper goes off assigning him and , later , gorgeous , straight-arrow , divorcee FBI Agent Delores Dunray , to the case ...
chapter 2 : troubled , maverick national transportation safety board agent johnny manhattan 's beeper goes off [giving] him and , later , gorgeous , straight-arrow , divorcee fbi agent delores dunray , to the case ...

The dailies note that it puts the first-ever mandatory limits on greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide , assigning various countries different output reductions to be implemented from 2008 to 2012 .
the dailies note that it puts the first-ever mandatory limits on greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide , [giving] various countries different output reductions to be implemented from 2008 to 2012 .

The Bullets kept assigning different players to cover him , but Jordan seemed to be emitting some kind of paralysis beam .
the bullets kept [giving] different players to cover him , but jordan seemed to be emitting some kind of paralysis beam .

The paper also apologized for violating the Times ' conflict-of-interest policy by assigning the book review to Yalom in the first place .
the paper also apologized for violating the times ' conflict-of-interest policy by [giving] the book review to yalom in the first place .

In today 's episode , Burton 1 ) said he would bypass Democratic objections by assigning the investigation 's next step to a GOP-stacked committee ; 2 ) reversed that decision , evidently at Speaker Gingrich 's behest ; and 3 ) `` accepted the resignation '' of his chief investigator , David Bossie , who is blamed for releasing the transcripts .
in today 's episode , burton 1 ) said he would bypass democratic objections by [giving] the investigation 's next step to a gop-stacked committee ; 2 ) reversed that decision , evidently at speaker gingrich 's behest ; and 3 ) `` accepted the resignation '' of his chief investigator , david bossie , who is blamed for releasing the transcripts .

The Boston Herald , assigning blame for the failure of campaign finance reform : `` In his presidency so far , Clinton has made all the right noises , but has done nothing while playing the same old games to raise vast sums . ''
the boston herald , [giving] blame for the failure of campaign finance reform : `` in his presidency so far , clinton has made all the right noises , but has done nothing while playing the same old games to raise vast sums . ''

The New York Times leads with word that `` a federal advisory panel has decided to recommend abolishing the troubled Immigration and Naturalization Service and assigning its duties to other government agencies . ''
the new york times leads with word that `` a federal advisory panel has decided to recommend abolishing the troubled immigration and naturalization service and [giving] its duties to other government agencies . ''

Although recognizing this as a shortcoming of dictionaries and assigning it arbitrarily to what , for lack of a better term , we might call the “ genius ” of the language , might seem trivial to the casual observer , it is a valid matter for concern in the realm of lexicology .
although recognizing this as a shortcoming of dictionaries and [giving] it arbitrarily to what , for lack of a better term , we might call the “ genius ” of the language , might seem trivial to the casual observer , it is a valid matter for concern in the realm of lexicology .

As the speakers of various languages applied it to their needs , it became somewhat more sophisticated ; the Elamites , for example , were able to economize on the number of symbols by assigning to most of them syllabic identity , a major step toward the development of alphabetic writing .
as the speakers of various languages applied it to their needs , it became somewhat more sophisticated ; the elamites , for example , were able to economize on the number of symbols by [giving] to most of them syllabic identity , a major step toward the development of alphabetic writing .

When assigning a book for review in other subjects , editors are usually rather careful to try to find someone who knows something about the subject of the book : it would be unusual to find a book on , say , archaeology reviewed by a rock musician and one on rock music reviewed by an archaeologist .
when [giving] a book for review in other subjects , editors are usually rather careful to try to find someone who knows something about the subject of the book : it would be unusual to find a book on , say , archaeology reviewed by a rock musician and one on rock music reviewed by an archaeologist .

Soundex works mostly by ignoring the vowels in a name and assigning an alphanumeric code to the name based on the remaining consonants .
soundex works mostly by ignoring the vowels in a name and [giving] an alphanumeric code to the name based on the remaining consonants .

