Dr. Clark has served as teacher and principal in Oklahoma high schools , as teacher and athletic director at Raymondville , Texas , High School , as an instructor at the University of Oklahoma , and as an associate professor of education at Fort Hays , Kan. , State College .
dr. clark has served as teacher and principal in oklahoma high schools , as teacher and athletic director at raymondville , texas , high school , as an instructor at the university of oklahoma , and as an [colleague] professor of education at fort hays , kan. , state college .

Mr. Simpkins will move into the post being vacated by Thomas B. Finan , earlier named Attorney General to succeed C. Ferdinand Sybert , who will be elevated to an associate judgeship on the Maryland Court of Appeals .
mr. simpkins will move into the post being vacated by thomas b. finan , earlier named attorney general to succeed c. ferdinand sybert , who will be elevated to an [colleague] judgeship on the maryland court of appeals .

She turned out to be a fan , too , of Margaret Bouton , the Gallery's associate curator of education .
she turned out to be a fan , too , of margaret bouton , the gallery's [colleague] curator of education .

Through Secretary Herter , Ike offered President-elect Kennedy an opportunity to associate his new Administration with the breakoff decision .
through secretary herter , ike offered president-elect kennedy an opportunity to [colleague] his new administration with the breakoff decision .

A veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language , history and literature , Kennan recalls how , at the time of Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union in 1941 , he penned a private note to a State Department official , expressing the hope that `` never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own boundaries '' .
a veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of russian language , history and literature , kennan recalls how , at the time of hitler's attack on the soviet union in 1941 , he penned a private note to a state department official , expressing the hope that `` never would we [colleague] ourselves with russian purposes in the areas of eastern europe beyond her own boundaries '' .

It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this .
it has been my lot all through life to [colleague] with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this .

Some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings .
some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we [colleague] recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings .

He was elected to the National Academy of Design as an Associate in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first Ranger Fund Purchase Prize at the Academy in 1930 ) , and elevated to Academicianship in 1940 .
he was elected to the national academy of design as an [colleague] in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first ranger fund purchase prize at the academy in 1930 ) , and elevated to academicianship in 1940 .

At that time Jennings had a young law associate named Arthur S. Phillips .
at that time jennings had a young law [colleague] named arthur s. phillips .

It is known that Morse did associate with a group of itinerant horse traders who made their headquarters at Westport , a town not far from Fall River .
it is known that morse did [colleague] with a group of itinerant horse traders who made their headquarters at westport , a town not far from fall river .

After all , she had come to Spelman Seminary in 1888 , and had been since 1891 except for one year , Associate Principal or Dean .
after all , she had come to spelman seminary in 1888 , and had been since 1891 except for one year , [colleague] principal or dean .

economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood .
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which protestants [colleague] with and recruit from the neighborhood .

After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor , at Toscanini's invitation , of the NBC Orchestra , he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America .
after he had spent the first three years in new york as [colleague] conductor , at toscanini's invitation , of the nbc orchestra , he made numerous guest appearances throughout the united states and latin america .

That this abandonment takes place on a stage , during an ' artistic ' performance , is enough to associate Jacoby with art , and to bring down upon him the punishment for art ; ;
that this abandonment takes place on a stage , during an ' artistic ' performance , is enough to [colleague] jacoby with art , and to bring down upon him the punishment for art ; ;

My reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity .
my reply is that i [colleague] myself with all those who affirm that gentile-jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity .

Dr. Gordon N. Ray , Provost , Vice-President and Professor of English in the University of Illinois , was appointed Associate Secretary General .
dr. gordon n. ray , provost , vice-president and professor of english in the university of illinois , was appointed [colleague] secretary general .

Referring further to the Foundation's officers , Dr. James F. Mathias , for eleven years our discerning colleague as Associate Secretary , was promoted to be Secretary .
referring further to the foundation's officers , dr. james f. mathias , for eleven years our discerning colleague as [colleague] secretary , was promoted to be secretary .

With each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter T between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points .
with each vertex we [colleague] certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter t between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points .

If the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ;
if the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure [colleague] ; ;

More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers , `` bookies '' , loan `` sharks '' , gangsters , `` thugs '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses , `` or else '' I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu .
more than once i was confronted by professional gamblers , `` bookies '' , loan `` sharks '' , gangsters , `` thugs '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class i did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses , `` or else '' i shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even [colleague] with such a sinister milieu .

On some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an associate answered .
on some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an [colleague] answered .

But he 's now an associate fellow at Templeton College in Oxford … so is he viewed as the enemy within .
but he 's now an [colleague] fellow at templeton college in oxford … so is he viewed as the enemy within .

And the police say he was believed to be an associate of Keith Hanger .
and the police say he was believed to be an [colleague] of keith hanger .

This afternoon Kevin , his brother Ian and an American business associate appeared in court on charges of fraud involving more than a hundred and thirty five million pounds .
this afternoon kevin , his brother ian and an american business [colleague] appeared in court on charges of fraud involving more than a hundred and thirty five million pounds .

He and Stapleton can associate to their hearts ' content and that 's something to bring a smile to his face .
he and stapleton can [colleague] to their hearts ' content and that 's something to bring a smile to his face .

Soon , the horse will associate shying with a reprimand from his rider .
soon , the horse will [colleague] shying with a reprimand from his rider .

Howard Shelley was appointed Associate Conductor of the London Mozart Players last year .
howard shelley was appointed [colleague] conductor of the london mozart players last year .

He has recently been appointed Associate Director of the Royal National Theatre , while maintaining his work for Cheek by Jowl .
he has recently been appointed [colleague] director of the royal national theatre , while maintaining his work for cheek by jowl .

In place of the privileges and profits of partnership , ‘ associate partner ’ status is the recognised consolation prize .
in place of the privileges and profits of partnership , ‘ [colleague] partner ’ status is the recognised consolation prize .

Perhaps strangely to those who never associate it with efficiency and effectiveness , the public sector seems more successful in handling projects in certain areas than their counterparts in the private sector .
perhaps strangely to those who never [colleague] it with efficiency and effectiveness , the public sector seems more successful in handling projects in certain areas than their counterparts in the private sector .

Sir Peter Holmes , Shell 's chairman who admitted that he was ‘ astonished ’ to discover that the irregularities had occurred through an associate company failing to follow strict rules against speculative dealing , said that he expected any further exposure to be limited to a £65 million charge which the company would take in its accounts for the first quarter of 1993 .
sir peter holmes , shell 's chairman who admitted that he was ‘ astonished ’ to discover that the irregularities had occurred through an [colleague] company failing to follow strict rules against speculative dealing , said that he expected any further exposure to be limited to a £65 million charge which the company would take in its accounts for the first quarter of 1993 .

The letter was signed by Paul Scanlon , an associate in the company 's Darlington office .
the letter was signed by paul scanlon , an [colleague] in the company 's darlington office .

Most people immediately associate addictions with drugs , alcohol and cigarettes , and if you 're health conscious you would probably add coffee , tea and sugar to the list .
most people immediately [colleague] addictions with drugs , alcohol and cigarettes , and if you 're health conscious you would probably add coffee , tea and sugar to the list .

Mr Talukdar said the owner of the buildings and an associate , both Muslims , had been arrested .
mr talukdar said the owner of the buildings and an [colleague] , both muslims , had been arrested .

In Bombay , police said three more people had been arrested in connection with Friday 's explosions — a car dealer , his associate and a wanted criminal .
in bombay , police said three more people had been arrested in connection with friday 's explosions — a car dealer , his [colleague] and a wanted criminal .

In it the charity names a Midlands financier , Stuart Ford , his company , Tilen Securities , and his Egyptian associate , Gamil Naguib .
in it the charity names a midlands financier , stuart ford , his company , tilen securities , and his egyptian [colleague] , gamil naguib .

Though Kenya 's Martin Suji , who is on a development tour , took only one wicket , he bowled at a lively pace , and the 21-year-old is likely to face the Scots in next year 's Associate Members Cup in his own country , if Scotland are accepted into the competition .
though kenya 's martin suji , who is on a development tour , took only one wicket , he bowled at a lively pace , and the 21-year-old is likely to face the scots in next year 's [colleague] members cup in his own country , if scotland are accepted into the competition .

Assuming they are accepted into next year 's Associate Members Cup — the decision will be made in July — the Scottish Cricket Union 's plans are well in hand and involve the players being away from home for five successive weeks .
assuming they are accepted into next year 's [colleague] members cup — the decision will be made in july — the scottish cricket union 's plans are well in hand and involve the players being away from home for five successive weeks .

Dr Richard Scorgie , whose mother , Peggy , lives in Flora Avenue , is a consultant in geriatric medicine at Woodend Hospital in Aberdeen ; he has also been appointed associate unit general manager ( medical administration ) and vice-chairman of the unit management board .
dr richard scorgie , whose mother , peggy , lives in flora avenue , is a consultant in geriatric medicine at woodend hospital in aberdeen ; he has also been appointed [colleague] unit general manager ( medical administration ) and vice-chairman of the unit management board .

Many have been filmed : Hitchcock 's The Birds , Nicholas Roeg 's Do n't Look Now , but it is her novel Rebecca we associate with du Maurier — that moody , mysterious tale of the second Mrs de Winter , of Manderley and Mrs Danvers .
many have been filmed : hitchcock 's the birds , nicholas roeg 's do n't look now , but it is her novel rebecca we [colleague] with du maurier — that moody , mysterious tale of the second mrs de winter , of manderley and mrs danvers .

He was admitted as an associate of the Institute of Taxation in 1983 , and , by submitting another thesis , qualified as a fellow in 1985 .
he was admitted as an [colleague] of the institute of taxation in 1983 , and , by submitting another thesis , qualified as a fellow in 1985 .

Having trained with Ms Knight , McKinnon became her associate director at Perth and went on to become director of York Theatre Royal and Northern State , Newcastle .
having trained with ms knight , mckinnon became her [colleague] director at perth and went on to become director of york theatre royal and northern state , newcastle .

Unveiling the 28th edition , associate editor Alison Holding said : ‘ The recession has been quite a leveller .
unveiling the 28th edition , [colleague] editor alison holding said : ‘ the recession has been quite a leveller .

‘ The recession may have made a difference in the sense that people are being more realistic about what they can afford , ’ said the magazine 's associate editor Fenella Willis .
‘ the recession may have made a difference in the sense that people are being more realistic about what they can afford , ’ said the magazine 's [colleague] editor fenella willis .

‘ The repeated testing is leading to problems in that animals now associate being put in a crush with being tested and one can get considerable stress in older animals .
‘ the repeated testing is leading to problems in that animals now [colleague] being put in a crush with being tested and one can get considerable stress in older animals .

At first she did n't associate them with Jane Leeson 's description .
at first she did n't [colleague] them with jane leeson 's description .

Here , though , was a mature artist , in her late fifties , who had been dubbed their first Associate Artist and one who was to be given a free run of the Gallery 's Permanent Collection to make transcriptions from the work of the Old Masters .
here , though , was a mature artist , in her late fifties , who had been dubbed their first [colleague] artist and one who was to be given a free run of the gallery 's permanent collection to make transcriptions from the work of the old masters .

Susan Roche , Legal and General Property associate director , said : ‘ The interest shown by shoppers , traders and the local authority is so high that we shall be mounting an exhibition of the proposals .
susan roche , legal and general property [colleague] director , said : ‘ the interest shown by shoppers , traders and the local authority is so high that we shall be mounting an exhibition of the proposals .

Tees Offshore Base and its associate companies provided materials and labour to convert classrooms into a high tech resource base at Gilbrook School .
tees offshore base and its [colleague] companies provided materials and labour to convert classrooms into a high tech resource base at gilbrook school .

‘ Lots of people at school have commented on it and now associate me with Tory party propaganda .
‘ lots of people at school have commented on it and now [colleague] me with tory party propaganda .

The designers have produced a complete range , including shoes you would n't normally associate with Doc Martens .
the designers have produced a complete range , including shoes you would n't normally [colleague] with doc martens .

For example , now that autumn is fading and the leaves are carpeting the ground in a tapestry of brilliant colours , just as one imagines that winter is only a clear night sky away , along come some plants which we might all associate with a spring display .
for example , now that autumn is fading and the leaves are carpeting the ground in a tapestry of brilliant colours , just as one imagines that winter is only a clear night sky away , along come some plants which we might all [colleague] with a spring display .

Is associate .
is [colleague] .

Mark McCumber an Associate Member of the American Society of Golf Course Architects .
mark mccumber an [colleague] member of the american society of golf course architects .

There is a far wider range of hollies available than you might have originally supposed , and some have an elegance that you would n't normally associate with them .
there is a far wider range of hollies available than you might have originally supposed , and some have an elegance that you would n't normally [colleague] with them .

It also helps if the fish have been well fed before photographing , because they do not associate your approaching with feeding time which gets them rushing around madly .
it also helps if the fish have been well fed before photographing , because they do not [colleague] your approaching with feeding time which gets them rushing around madly .

It is hard to find a more pitiful sight than a clownfish desperately trying to associate with a shrunken unhealthy anemone a little larger than its own size .
it is hard to find a more pitiful sight than a clownfish desperately trying to [colleague] with a shrunken unhealthy anemone a little larger than its own size .

It might well be of concern to him , for example , if the content of a particular religion proved to be at odds with the ethical criteria he would associate himself with the concept of Truth .
it might well be of concern to him , for example , if the content of a particular religion proved to be at odds with the ethical criteria he would [colleague] himself with the concept of truth .

He considers religion without morality to be inconceivable , and if it denies any of the virtues we normally associate with morality , such as , truth , mercy and goodness , it does not deserve to be called religion .
he considers religion without morality to be inconceivable , and if it denies any of the virtues we normally [colleague] with morality , such as , truth , mercy and goodness , it does not deserve to be called religion .

Is not utilitarianism , for example , a form of morality , and does it not differ from the kind of morality that one might associate with a religious form of life ?
is not utilitarianism , for example , a form of morality , and does it not differ from the kind of morality that one might [colleague] with a religious form of life ?

Expelled from the comfort of home usually at the tender age of eight , they were compelled until they left school ( or , in some cases , university ) to associate almost exclusively with other boys , whose behaviour towards them was unpredictable .
expelled from the comfort of home usually at the tender age of eight , they were compelled until they left school ( or , in some cases , university ) to [colleague] almost exclusively with other boys , whose behaviour towards them was unpredictable .

On the eve of his first visit to India Curtis confided to an associate that the great task which lay ahead was ‘ to renovate the soul of the Indian people ’ .
on the eve of his first visit to india curtis confided to an [colleague] that the great task which lay ahead was ‘ to renovate the soul of the indian people ’ .

It 's round , but it has a clarity to it that you might associate with a Telecaster and not with a Les Paul .
it 's round , but it has a clarity to it that you might [colleague] with a telecaster and not with a les paul .

We all associate salads with slimming .
we all [colleague] salads with slimming .

Stuart Webb , who has been secretary , chairman and managing director during 21 years at Derby was unanimously voted out as associate director after constant conflict with the board .
stuart webb , who has been secretary , chairman and managing director during 21 years at derby was unanimously voted out as [colleague] director after constant conflict with the board .

Dr Mick Kelly , senior research associate at the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Unit , said : ‘ We ca n't be sure it is cause and effect .
dr mick kelly , senior research [colleague] at the university of east anglia 's climatic unit , said : ‘ we ca n't be sure it is cause and effect .

His progress up the ladder of the Street was rapid , from the Daily Mail to Associate Features Editor at the Express and then Features Editor on the London Evening News .
his progress up the ladder of the street was rapid , from the daily mail to [colleague] features editor at the express and then features editor on the london evening news .

There 's the producer , the associate producer , the director , the production assistant who works with the director , and the team of researchers .
there 's the producer , the [colleague] producer , the director , the production assistant who works with the director , and the team of researchers .

ZeeBeeCee has gained a court order allowing access to Jessamyn Bonney 's juvenile records , stored in the central infonet of the Bruyce-Hoare Agency , and we can exclusively reveal for the first time on national television that evidence which has come to light since her 1992 parricide hearing has suggested that she was indeed guilty of the murder of her father , a crime for which she was acquitted in court on the testimony of one Andrew Jean , since deceased , a gangcult associate and known perjurer .
zeebeecee has gained a court order allowing access to jessamyn bonney 's juvenile records , stored in the central infonet of the bruyce-hoare agency , and we can exclusively reveal for the first time on national television that evidence which has come to light since her 1992 parricide hearing has suggested that she was indeed guilty of the murder of her father , a crime for which she was acquitted in court on the testimony of one andrew jean , since deceased , a gangcult [colleague] and known perjurer .

Normally , little jumble could be expected from the few cottages on the headland , but Alex Mair , anxious to associate the power station with the community , had put up a notice on the staff board and the two tea chests were usually fairly full by the time the October sale came round .
normally , little jumble could be expected from the few cottages on the headland , but alex mair , anxious to [colleague] the power station with the community , had put up a notice on the staff board and the two tea chests were usually fairly full by the time the october sale came round .

‘ Although prices appear to have dropped by up to 15 per cent , ’ states Craig Woollam , associate director of the company 's Winchester office in his end-of-year review , ‘ nursing and residential care homes in good locations have maintained their values .
‘ although prices appear to have dropped by up to 15 per cent , ’ states craig woollam , [colleague] director of the company 's winchester office in his end-of-year review , ‘ nursing and residential care homes in good locations have maintained their values .

In responding to a particular colour we associate the hue with some past experience and draw upon our cultural background to assess its nature .
in responding to a particular colour we [colleague] the hue with some past experience and draw upon our cultural background to assess its nature .

For instance , blue conveys a sense of calm and tranquility because we associate the colour with blue skies , calm water .
for instance , blue conveys a sense of calm and tranquility because we [colleague] the colour with blue skies , calm water .

Those familiar with evening dress will always associate black with elegance .
those familiar with evening dress will always [colleague] black with elegance .

The Peter Scott Gallery will be re-opening in January with works by Paula Rego , the National Gallery 's first associate artist in 1990 , whose paintings inspired by the Renaissance collections now decorate its restaurant in the Sainsbury Wing , and Nicola Hicks , whose vigorous unsentimental depictions of animals are justly renowned .
the peter scott gallery will be re-opening in january with works by paula rego , the national gallery 's first [colleague] artist in 1990 , whose paintings inspired by the renaissance collections now decorate its restaurant in the sainsbury wing , and nicola hicks , whose vigorous unsentimental depictions of animals are justly renowned .

‘ And the only violence so far has been caused by your friend — pardon , your associate — Steve .
‘ and the only violence so far has been caused by your friend — pardon , your [colleague] — steve .

In the ordinary course of events he would have said Len Forbister was n't the kind of man to associate with him .
in the ordinary course of events he would have said len forbister was n't the kind of man to [colleague] with him .

The spirit of high adventure is n't one you 'd normally associate with Commercial Paper .
the spirit of high adventure is n't one you 'd normally [colleague] with commercial paper .

Egyptian papyri , Greek myth and medicine , Roman history , the Old and the New Testaments all contain examples of what we now recognise as psychotic episodes ; some of them , like the legend of Orpheus , associate creativity and psychosis .
egyptian papyri , greek myth and medicine , roman history , the old and the new testaments all contain examples of what we now recognise as psychotic episodes ; some of them , like the legend of orpheus , [colleague] creativity and psychosis .

Now fully fit Bell , an associate schoolboy with Ipswich Town , joins Ipswich-based goalkeeper Richard Knight in the squad .
now fully fit bell , an [colleague] schoolboy with ipswich town , joins ipswich-based goalkeeper richard knight in the squad .

With associate offices in Malta and Gozo , we are perfectly placed to offer the widest selection of new and re-sale properties .
with [colleague] offices in malta and gozo , we are perfectly placed to offer the widest selection of new and re-sale properties .

The Colleges offer a wide range of specialized courses with the aim of conferring a university-level Bachelor 's or Associate 's degree while providing the best practical training for your future career .
the colleges offer a wide range of specialized courses with the aim of conferring a university-level bachelor 's or [colleague] 's degree while providing the best practical training for your future career .

It would be even more uncomfortable to associate with a character like that than to feel at home with our previous assessment , the hard man whose admirers compared him to a stone .
it would be even more uncomfortable to [colleague] with a character like that than to feel at home with our previous assessment , the hard man whose admirers compared him to a stone .

Imagination , Affection , Sentiment and Reflection , and in the Preface to Lyrical Ballads he explained that one of the functions of poetry is to show how ‘ we associate ideas in a state of excitement ’ ; Wordsworth did not expect his poems to ‘ gratify certain known habits of association ’ — he will provide new associations and ‘ create the taste by which he is to be enjoyed ’ .
imagination , affection , sentiment and reflection , and in the preface to lyrical ballads he explained that one of the functions of poetry is to show how ‘ we [colleague] ideas in a state of excitement ’ ; wordsworth did not expect his poems to ‘ gratify certain known habits of association ’ — he will provide new associations and ‘ create the taste by which he is to be enjoyed ’ .

These lines illustrate the sententious moralizing that the eighteenth-century reader would associate with the stanza , and look forward to its even more emphatic use in Elegiac Stanzas ( p. 140 ) .
these lines illustrate the sententious moralizing that the eighteenth-century reader would [colleague] with the stanza , and look forward to its even more emphatic use in elegiac stanzas ( p. 140 ) .

Many of Wordsworth 's poems are attempts to show how we associate ideas ( see ‘ Hartley ’ , p. 80 ) , and he often points out how the second idea — ‘ the echo of the voice ’ in this case — is blended with the first idea on which our conscious attention is fixed — ‘ my eye / Was fixed upon the glowing Sky ’ .
many of wordsworth 's poems are attempts to show how we [colleague] ideas ( see ‘ hartley ’ , p. 80 ) , and he often points out how the second idea — ‘ the echo of the voice ’ in this case — is blended with the first idea on which our conscious attention is fixed — ‘ my eye / was fixed upon the glowing sky ’ .

There are all the pleasurable things that the ex-smoker has learned to associate with smoking , and which now have to be faced alone .
there are all the pleasurable things that the ex-smoker has learned to [colleague] with smoking , and which now have to be faced alone .

He had stuck labels in various places so that Willie would associate an object with a word , until after a time Willie labelled them himself .
he had stuck labels in various places so that willie would [colleague] an object with a word , until after a time willie labelled them himself .

Nursing colleagues who take on this important role are known as associate nurses .
nursing colleagues who take on this important role are known as [colleague] nurses .

However , the role of the associate nurse is seen as being skilled and creative , indicating a level of professional job satisfaction far above that likely to be experienced by nurses delivering care by either task allocation or team nursing .
however , the role of the [colleague] nurse is seen as being skilled and creative , indicating a level of professional job satisfaction far above that likely to be experienced by nurses delivering care by either task allocation or team nursing .

Tell yourself ‘ Writing this letter will be easy and fun ’ ( not that it ‘ wo n't be difficult ’ , or you still associate it with the word ‘ difficult ’ ) .
tell yourself ‘ writing this letter will be easy and fun ’ ( not that it ‘ wo n't be difficult ’ , or you still [colleague] it with the word ‘ difficult ’ ) .

‘ The skim Pyle and his unknown associate were perpetrating was ten per cent of the Ministry accounts .
‘ the skim pyle and his unknown [colleague] were perpetrating was ten per cent of the ministry accounts .

‘ People are always asking me about God , ’ remarks Stephen Hawking , as if surprised by their readiness to associate the origin of the universe with a creator .
‘ people are always asking me about god , ’ remarks stephen hawking , as if surprised by their readiness to [colleague] the origin of the universe with a creator .

It needs the public to associate the phrase ‘ nuclear weapons ’ with the word ‘ useless ’ .
it needs the public to [colleague] the phrase ‘ nuclear weapons ’ with the word ‘ useless ’ .

Our minds naturally associate people , places and events with past experiences so that we can stereotype them and decide whether they are good or bad for us .
our minds naturally [colleague] people , places and events with past experiences so that we can stereotype them and decide whether they are good or bad for us .

This tendency to associate — designed to warn us of impending danger-can in fact work against us .
this tendency to [colleague] — designed to warn us of impending danger-can in fact work against us .

To help you complete this plan , try to draw a picture that you will associate with your goal .
to help you complete this plan , try to draw a picture that you will [colleague] with your goal .

Mrs Gracie had come to associate herself so much with the family that she almost included herself in the purchase .
mrs gracie had come to [colleague] herself so much with the family that she almost included herself in the purchase .

Christians generally associate this incident with the Eucharist , in which our souls are nourished through all the difficulties and adventures of life .
christians generally [colleague] this incident with the eucharist , in which our souls are nourished through all the difficulties and adventures of life .

While Sinatra refused to associate with Peter Lawford , Sammy Davis Jnr was generous enough — and possibly courageous enough — to partner Lawford in a Swinging Sixties Buddy-Buddy caper Salt and Pepper ( 1968 ) , directed by Richard Donner .
while sinatra refused to [colleague] with peter lawford , sammy davis jnr was generous enough — and possibly courageous enough — to partner lawford in a swinging sixties buddy-buddy caper salt and pepper ( 1968 ) , directed by richard donner .

Documents= : File extensions that the File Manager will associate with a document .
documents= : file extensions that the file manager will [colleague] with a document .

Compiled with the assistance of our associate newsletter Asia/Pacific Unix Update .
compiled with the assistance of our [colleague] newsletter asia/pacific unix update .

Below is printed the specification for an Executive Search Associate , compiled by Heidrick and Struggles .
below is printed the specification for an executive search [colleague] , compiled by heidrick and struggles .

After initial training , the Heidrick and Struggles Associate will be expected to undertake entire search assignments with minimal supervision and coaching from the Office Manager and/or partners .
after initial training , the heidrick and struggles [colleague] will be expected to undertake entire search assignments with minimal supervision and coaching from the office manager and/or partners .

Any Associate is recruited with the prospect that he or she will be eligible for partnership after a few years : business development abilities , superior counselling skills in the field and a deep commitment to the firm and its progress are qualities which will rapidly become determinant .
any [colleague] is recruited with the prospect that he or she will be eligible for partnership after a few years : business development abilities , superior counselling skills in the field and a deep commitment to the firm and its progress are qualities which will rapidly become determinant .

Since each baboon interacts with many others , and since there may be a long delay between action and reciprocation , stability requires that a baboon should recognise individuals , and remember how each has behaved , or , at the very least , associate with each individual a positive or negative sign , depending on how it has behaved .
since each baboon interacts with many others , and since there may be a long delay between action and reciprocation , stability requires that a baboon should recognise individuals , and remember how each has behaved , or , at the very least , [colleague] with each individual a positive or negative sign , depending on how it has behaved .

The importance of the former for the latter is not at all diminished by exhibiting languageless creatures that can associate across modes .
the importance of the former for the latter is not at all diminished by exhibiting languageless creatures that can [colleague] across modes .

Even so , the power to predict and control the environment is enormously enhanced by a capacity to associate neutral events with those that already have some importance for the animal .
even so , the power to predict and control the environment is enormously enhanced by a capacity to [colleague] neutral events with those that already have some importance for the animal .

For instance , even very young rats selectively associate taste with poison and texture with electric shock ( Gemberling , Domjan & Amsel , 1980 ; Domjan , 1980 ) .
for instance , even very young rats selectively [colleague] taste with poison and texture with electric shock ( gemberling , domjan & amsel , 1980 ; domjan , 1980 ) .

The Harlequin man was Obispal 's associate , utterly .
the harlequin man was obispal 's [colleague] , utterly .

There are two member categories : Associate members , which are drawn from a large number of manufacturers and distributors ; and Full members , consisting of companies which have been involved in successful kitchen retailing for a minimum of two years .
there are two member categories : [colleague] members , which are drawn from a large number of manufacturers and distributors ; and full members , consisting of companies which have been involved in successful kitchen retailing for a minimum of two years .

Both are seen as emerging out of a human ‘ need ’ to associate with other humans , which in turn leads to increased production , further increased needs and thence to the social division of labour .
both are seen as emerging out of a human ‘ need ’ to [colleague] with other humans , which in turn leads to increased production , further increased needs and thence to the social division of labour .

Set the temperature to a degree or two higher than that of the maintenance tank and place the female in this set up for a time to associate herself with the layout and hiding places .
set the temperature to a degree or two higher than that of the maintenance tank and place the female in this set up for a time to [colleague] herself with the layout and hiding places .

Conversely , men associate working-class speech with masculinity ) .
conversely , men [colleague] working-class speech with masculinity ) .

‘ It is an accepted fact that people associate showrooms with pressure , ’ said a Rover spokesman .
‘ it is an accepted fact that people [colleague] showrooms with pressure , ’ said a rover spokesman .

Local officers did n't immediately associate him with violent crime .
local officers did n't immediately [colleague] him with violent crime .

He and business associate Benedict Marsh , both 28 , allegedly got a friend to help by tying them up in their room .
he and business [colleague] benedict marsh , both 28 , allegedly got a friend to help by tying them up in their room .

Old Etonian Guppy and business associate Marsh face a different kind of appearance now .
old etonian guppy and business [colleague] marsh face a different kind of appearance now .

It might be worth enquiring of other departments whether Simon had ever been known to associate with anarchist groups .
it might be worth enquiring of other departments whether simon had ever been known to [colleague] with anarchist groups .

‘ Reader ’ corresponds to Full Professor in North American usage while Lecturer corresponds roughly to Associate Professor . )
‘ reader ’ corresponds to full professor in north american usage while lecturer corresponds roughly to [colleague] professor . )

‘ Nothing is known about his associate in the vehicle , who remains unidentified . Your investigations , Mister Cowley , have not led us to any further evidence to confirm or clarify the intentions of these men ? ,
‘ nothing is known about his [colleague] in the vehicle , who remains unidentified . your investigations , mister cowley , have not led us to any further evidence to confirm or clarify the intentions of these men ? ,

Yet people still associate me with them .
yet people still [colleague] me with them .

‘ We had about three days of talks before we were allowed to film the expenses sequence , ’ says associate producer Lynn Alleway .
‘ we had about three days of talks before we were allowed to film the expenses sequence , ’ says [colleague] producer lynn alleway .

His former business associate Lars Skarke has filed a suit against Borg claiming £50 million damages arising out of the collapse of their business group .
his former business [colleague] lars skarke has filed a suit against borg claiming £50 million damages arising out of the collapse of their business group .

But it was entirely inappropriate for Blissett to be charged with causing grievous bodily harm , an offence we associate more with dark alleyways and the wielding of iron bars rather than football fields .
but it was entirely inappropriate for blissett to be charged with causing grievous bodily harm , an offence we [colleague] more with dark alleyways and the wielding of iron bars rather than football fields .

Ask anyone familiar with the City what they associate with corporate finance and like as not you will be told ‘ red braces , long lunches , big mouths , broad concepts ’ .
ask anyone familiar with the city what they [colleague] with corporate finance and like as not you will be told ‘ red braces , long lunches , big mouths , broad concepts ’ .

Associate membership is available to actuaries , solicitors , advisers and others involved in the pensions movement .
[colleague] membership is available to actuaries , solicitors , advisers and others involved in the pensions movement .

Burr , with his Yale associate Northrop , succeeded in establishing conclusive evidence ( with the use of a highly sensitive instrument capable of measuring electrical discharges in the body as small as five-millionth of a volt ) that the electrical potential found in the human body is directly related to an electrical pattern which dictates the nature — the form , growth and evolutionary direction , of the organism .
burr , with his yale [colleague] northrop , succeeded in establishing conclusive evidence ( with the use of a highly sensitive instrument capable of measuring electrical discharges in the body as small as five-millionth of a volt ) that the electrical potential found in the human body is directly related to an electrical pattern which dictates the nature — the form , growth and evolutionary direction , of the organism .

The question featured this month concerns a vertical group including an associate , Harris plc , held by a subsidiary , Shaw plc , in which there are minority interests .
the question featured this month concerns a vertical group including an [colleague] , harris plc , held by a subsidiary , shaw plc , in which there are minority interests .

You will have to apply para 41 if you are to equity account for the associate in accordance with standard practice .
you will have to apply para 41 if you are to equity account for the [colleague] in accordance with standard practice .

He had overcome the main drawback of living in the country at Etten , since now he could associate with other artists , exchange views , be stimulated by the work and lives of others with whom he had something in common .
he had overcome the main drawback of living in the country at etten , since now he could [colleague] with other artists , exchange views , be stimulated by the work and lives of others with whom he had something in common .

These so-called ‘ comfort foods ’ may relieve stress because people associate them with pleasant feelings they had when fed these foods as a child .
these so-called ‘ comfort foods ’ may relieve stress because people [colleague] them with pleasant feelings they had when fed these foods as a child .

Many children do n't look forward to a visit to the doctor 's — not surprising , as they may associate it with illness or injections .
many children do n't look forward to a visit to the doctor 's — not surprising , as they may [colleague] it with illness or injections .

Which of the following roles do you most associate with David Jason ?
which of the following roles do you most [colleague] with david jason ?

But one can not simply associate high lexical density with writing , and low lexical density with speaking .
but one can not simply [colleague] high lexical density with writing , and low lexical density with speaking .

This argument can be invoked to support the programme of language immersion in Canada , referred to in Chapter 2 , and other proposals to associate the foreign language more closely with other subjects on the curriculum ( see , for example , Widdowson 1968 , 1978 ) .
this argument can be invoked to support the programme of language immersion in canada , referred to in chapter 2 , and other proposals to [colleague] the foreign language more closely with other subjects on the curriculum ( see , for example , widdowson 1968 , 1978 ) .

Indeed , the Consultative Paper , para 9 , states that ‘ … it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the Associate examination of the IoT … ’ The IoT examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on Tax Ethics and Administration , will ensure that the IoT examination retains its relevance for the future .
indeed , the consultative paper , para 9 , states that ‘ … it is envisaged that successful candidates will have demonstrated a knowledge of taxation at least equal to that required to pass the [colleague] examination of the iot … ’ the iot examination is widely accepted as being of a uniquely high standard , and the revised syllabus for 1994 , incorporating a new paper on tax ethics and administration , will ensure that the iot examination retains its relevance for the future .

‘ There are plenty of buyers in the market , particularly for all sizes of shops and retail warehouses , ’ said Mark Teale , an associate of Hillier Parker .
‘ there are plenty of buyers in the market , particularly for all sizes of shops and retail warehouses , ’ said mark teale , an [colleague] of hillier parker .

Treaties known as Europe Agreements offer ‘ associate membership ’ to the Community 's eastern neighbours .
treaties known as europe agreements offer ‘ [colleague] membership ’ to the community 's eastern neighbours .

Twice a year the associate members ' foreign ministers meet those of the Community , and senior officials see each other more often .
twice a year the [colleague] members ' foreign ministers meet those of the community , and senior officials see each other more often .

His physical appearance and his rapport with the crowds remind people of his father , Prince Sihanouk , whose reign they may associate with the happier days before the Vietnam war and the Khmers Rouges .
his physical appearance and his rapport with the crowds remind people of his father , prince sihanouk , whose reign they may [colleague] with the happier days before the vietnam war and the khmers rouges .

Nowadays we associate this system with some specific services , but with some adaptations franchising is possible for industries as well .
nowadays we [colleague] this system with some specific services , but with some adaptations franchising is possible for industries as well .

The standard accounts in the rhetorical tradition of the divine gift of speech associate language with justice and virtue , sincerity and truth .
the standard accounts in the rhetorical tradition of the divine gift of speech [colleague] language with justice and virtue , sincerity and truth .

She rarely wows crowds in the way the Speaker does , but she oozes charm and competence and her family connections ( particularly her father , Pat Brown ) associate her with a happier era .
she rarely wows crowds in the way the speaker does , but she oozes charm and competence and her family connections ( particularly her father , pat brown ) [colleague] her with a happier era .

Encouraging men to associate babies with bills may not have much impact on single parenthood .
encouraging men to [colleague] babies with bills may not have much impact on single parenthood .

But all governments are holier-than-thou in this respect and never publicly associate themselves with them .
but all governments are holier-than-thou in this respect and never publicly [colleague] themselves with them .

If the pain which he had whenever he had anything the matter with his finger had always been a throbbing pain , and the pain caused by anything the matter with any other part of his body had never been a throbbing pain , then now , on experiencing a throbbing pain , he would naturally associate it with his finger .
if the pain which he had whenever he had anything the matter with his finger had always been a throbbing pain , and the pain caused by anything the matter with any other part of his body had never been a throbbing pain , then now , on experiencing a throbbing pain , he would naturally [colleague] it with his finger .

Framing the articles of incorporation for the non-profit foundation and its initial policies has been the responsibility of Dr Steven Mansbach , currently Associate Dean of the National Gallery of Art 's Center for Advanced Studies in the Visual Arts .
framing the articles of incorporation for the non-profit foundation and its initial policies has been the responsibility of dr steven mansbach , currently [colleague] dean of the national gallery of art 's center for advanced studies in the visual arts .

Paris auctioneer Jacques Tajan hopes to raise FFr60 million in March from the sale of the art collection of French Riviera socialite and former associate of Egyptian King Farouk , Turkish-born Ilhamy Hussein Pasha .
paris auctioneer jacques tajan hopes to raise ffr60 million in march from the sale of the art collection of french riviera socialite and former [colleague] of egyptian king farouk , turkish-born ilhamy hussein pasha .

The centrepiece of the New York Lam celebrations is ‘ Wifredo Lam and His Contemporaries ’ , a show of about one hundred works at the Studio Museum in Harlem , from 6 December to 11 April 1993 , organised by Lowery Stokes Sims , associate curator at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
the centrepiece of the new york lam celebrations is ‘ wifredo lam and his contemporaries ’ , a show of about one hundred works at the studio museum in harlem , from 6 december to 11 april 1993 , organised by lowery stokes sims , [colleague] curator at the metropolitan museum of art .

The trove will be exhibited together for the first time at the Pierpont Morgan Library ( 9 December-4 April1993 ) , accompanied by an illustrated catalogue by William Voelkle and Roger Wieck , curator and associate curator , respectively , of the Morgan 's Department of Medieval and Renaissance Manuscripts .
the trove will be exhibited together for the first time at the pierpont morgan library ( 9 december-4 april1993 ) , accompanied by an illustrated catalogue by william voelkle and roger wieck , curator and [colleague] curator , respectively , of the morgan 's department of medieval and renaissance manuscripts .

The real story of the Costume Institute , however , is the arrival of Richard Martin and his associate Harold Koda .
the real story of the costume institute , however , is the arrival of richard martin and his [colleague] harold koda .

She has never received a lira of State help , despite the fact that her brother , Giuseppe Ciarrapico , chairman of the Roma football team , was a close associate of ex-Prime Minister Andreotti .
she has never received a lira of state help , despite the fact that her brother , giuseppe ciarrapico , chairman of the roma football team , was a close [colleague] of ex-prime minister andreotti .

In tribute to Mr O'Neal 's generosity , the gallery is showing fifty-eight works from the collection ( until 15 August ) , accompanied by a scholarly catalogue with entries written by Margaret Morgan Grasselli , curator , and Judith Brodie , associate curator of drawings at the National Gallery of Art .
in tribute to mr o'neal 's generosity , the gallery is showing fifty-eight works from the collection ( until 15 august ) , accompanied by a scholarly catalogue with entries written by margaret morgan grasselli , curator , and judith brodie , [colleague] curator of drawings at the national gallery of art .

So , does that mean , since you have given up painting , that you associate painting with stupidity ?
so , does that mean , since you have given up painting , that you [colleague] painting with stupidity ?

Auctioneer Jacques Tajan of the Paris firm Ader-Tajan and former partner of Jean-Louis Picard , held his own successful Middle Eastern sale in Monaco , putting under the hammer the art collection of Turkish-born Ilhamy Hussein Pasha , a French Riviera socialite and former associate of King Farouk of Egypt .
auctioneer jacques tajan of the paris firm ader-tajan and former partner of jean-louis picard , held his own successful middle eastern sale in monaco , putting under the hammer the art collection of turkish-born ilhamy hussein pasha , a french riviera socialite and former [colleague] of king farouk of egypt .

Greece and Turkey joined in 1949 , Iceland in 1950 , the Federal Republic of Germany in 1951 ( with the Saar region , disputed between France and West Germany , having associate status until its reunification with West Germany in 1956 ) , Austria in 1956 , Cyprus in 1961 , Switzerland in 1963 , and Malta in 1965 .
greece and turkey joined in 1949 , iceland in 1950 , the federal republic of germany in 1951 ( with the saar region , disputed between france and west germany , having [colleague] status until its reunification with west germany in 1956 ) , austria in 1956 , cyprus in 1961 , switzerland in 1963 , and malta in 1965 .

‘ Think hard . Could anybody have seen you to associate you with the car even ? ’
‘ think hard . could anybody have seen you to [colleague] you with the car even ? ’

He was elected an Associate of the Royal Academy in 1990 and became a Royal Academician in 1992 .
he was elected an [colleague] of the royal academy in 1990 and became a royal academician in 1992 .

William Smith , the veteran Unitarian associate of Wilberforce , in particular introduced a tone of some urgency over the nineteenth century 's need to make ‘ quicker progress in the annihilation of slavery ’ .
william smith , the veteran unitarian [colleague] of wilberforce , in particular introduced a tone of some urgency over the nineteenth century 's need to make ‘ quicker progress in the annihilation of slavery ’ .

Here , Ritschl was following up a famous dictum of Luther 's younger contemporary and associate , Philip Melanchthon in his Loci Communes of 1521 , ‘ To know Christ is to know his benefits , not … to contemplate his natures .
here , ritschl was following up a famous dictum of luther 's younger contemporary and [colleague] , philip melanchthon in his loci communes of 1521 , ‘ to know christ is to know his benefits , not … to contemplate his natures .

So Maurice could call himself a ‘ Christian socialist ’ , though his socialism , like that of his associate Charles Kingsley ( 1819 — 75 ) , was of a somewhat idealistic and utopian character .
so maurice could call himself a ‘ christian socialist ’ , though his socialism , like that of his [colleague] charles kingsley ( 1819 — 75 ) , was of a somewhat idealistic and utopian character .

Quite apart from the cost factor , this growing-on of fish means that all the Japanese Koi have overcome the teething problems you associate with new imports .
quite apart from the cost factor , this growing-on of fish means that all the japanese koi have overcome the teething problems you [colleague] with new imports .

It was all very well for the intellectuals to associate the movies with the mindless masses , but the masses who went to cinemas in the 1920s were rather different from the masses who had so enthused about films twenty years earlier .
it was all very well for the intellectuals to [colleague] the movies with the mindless masses , but the masses who went to cinemas in the 1920s were rather different from the masses who had so enthused about films twenty years earlier .

Early studies of memory by psychologists concentrated on apparatus such as the memory drum which was used to measure the ability to associate verbal items .
early studies of memory by psychologists concentrated on apparatus such as the memory drum which was used to measure the ability to [colleague] verbal items .

The most obvious way , clearly demonstrated in educational literature , has been to associate the label ‘ race ’ with some notion of cultural unity , encapsulated in the term ethnic group .
the most obvious way , clearly demonstrated in educational literature , has been to [colleague] the label ‘ race ’ with some notion of cultural unity , encapsulated in the term ethnic group .

The impetus for employers to associate was particularly marked for those undertakings which operated in highly ( and often increasingly ) competitive product and factor markets , provided that most of the market could be covered .
the impetus for employers to [colleague] was particularly marked for those undertakings which operated in highly ( and often increasingly ) competitive product and factor markets , provided that most of the market could be covered .

Moreover , given that such firms will wish to attain stable parameters for future planning within the undertaking over extended time-horizons , in order to reduce uncertainty , the need to secure market regulation will not be the only motivation to associate .
moreover , given that such firms will wish to attain stable parameters for future planning within the undertaking over extended time-horizons , in order to reduce uncertainty , the need to secure market regulation will not be the only motivation to [colleague] .

It arose after the victory of Tannenberg , as a deliberate attempt by the German General Staff to distract attention from the failure of the Schlieffen plan in the west , and to associate themselves with Hindenburg 's triumph .
it arose after the victory of tannenberg , as a deliberate attempt by the german general staff to distract attention from the failure of the schlieffen plan in the west , and to [colleague] themselves with hindenburg 's triumph .

In the New Testament Satan is much more the Evil One that we associate with Christian theology .
in the new testament satan is much more the evil one that we [colleague] with christian theology .

On 5 October 1783 , he was baptised in the river at Northampton by John Ryland , who later became his close associate in the missionary cause .
on 5 october 1783 , he was baptised in the river at northampton by john ryland , who later became his close [colleague] in the missionary cause .

What sort of feeling will you associate with it when it is–only a memory from the past ?
what sort of feeling will you [colleague] with it when it is–only a memory from the past ?

First , they may pick and choose among organized groups those with which they are keen to associate for political reasons , giving them consultation rights and access to decisions at an early stage .
first , they may pick and choose among organized groups those with which they are keen to [colleague] for political reasons , giving them consultation rights and access to decisions at an early stage .

We assume this , of course , when we associate variations in speech or accents and life style , that is cultural differences , with variations in social class or place of origin .
we assume this , of course , when we [colleague] variations in speech or accents and life style , that is cultural differences , with variations in social class or place of origin .

Associate Members should get ground tickets for Wimbledon as a right instead of going in to a ballot .
[colleague] members should get ground tickets for wimbledon as a right instead of going in to a ballot .

The position is expected to be filled at the professorial level , but in the event that there is no candidate with sufficient experience for appointment to the Chair , the position will be offered at Associate Professor/Senior Lecturer level .
the position is expected to be filled at the professorial level , but in the event that there is no candidate with sufficient experience for appointment to the chair , the position will be offered at [colleague] professor/senior lecturer level .

Initial enquiries may be directed to Professor Victor Argy , or Associate Professor David Collins , .
initial enquiries may be directed to professor victor argy , or [colleague] professor david collins , .

Senior Clinical Research Associate
senior clinical research [colleague]

The appointment will be made at the Assistant or Associate Professor level depending on the experience of the candidate .
the appointment will be made at the assistant or [colleague] professor level depending on the experience of the candidate .

The appointment will be made at the Assistant or Associate Professor level depending on the experience of the candidate .
the appointment will be made at the assistant or [colleague] professor level depending on the experience of the candidate .

The appointment will be made at the Assistant or Associate Professor level depending on the experience os the candidate .
the appointment will be made at the assistant or [colleague] professor level depending on the experience os the candidate .

Unfortunately , your dog will soon come to associate its whining with an immediate and affirmative response on your part .
unfortunately , your dog will soon come to [colleague] its whining with an immediate and affirmative response on your part .

The dog will associate the slipper with the pain of being beaten .
the dog will [colleague] the slipper with the pain of being beaten .

Taking them to the surgery for routine checks ensures that they should not associate this with unpleasant stimuli .
taking them to the surgery for routine checks ensures that they should not [colleague] this with unpleasant stimuli .

If we examine an inner state/behavioural model possibly opposed to that of shy and fearful , namely brave , we find that this is not a characteristic the Chewong associate with themselves .
if we examine an inner state/behavioural model possibly opposed to that of shy and fearful , namely brave , we find that this is not a characteristic the chewong [colleague] with themselves .

Unable to profit through such acts under any conditions , the Buid never associate aggression against humans with the generation of wealth or vitality .
unable to profit through such acts under any conditions , the buid never [colleague] aggression against humans with the generation of wealth or vitality .

They do not associate valour with the handsome and arrogant hunter , and young men are taught to pity such evidence of ‘ lack of control ’ .
they do not [colleague] valour with the handsome and arrogant hunter , and young men are taught to pity such evidence of ‘ lack of control ’ .

However , unlike the Shavante , whose ritual and rhetoric sets into opposition groups and categories of people , and indeed celebrates separation and opposition , Piaroa institutions downplay , ignore , and mask the principles of separation and opposition , principles they associate with relations of dominance and tyranny ( see Overing Kaplan 1981 ) .
however , unlike the shavante , whose ritual and rhetoric sets into opposition groups and categories of people , and indeed celebrates separation and opposition , piaroa institutions downplay , ignore , and mask the principles of separation and opposition , principles they [colleague] with relations of dominance and tyranny ( see overing kaplan 1981 ) .

And herein , of course , lies one of the ruder ironies of the Pacific : that among all this economic vibrancy and dynamism there are still the familiar evils we currently associate only with Africa , or with countries that are at war : illiteracy , hunger , a vertiginous growth of population , disease , overcrowding , slums .
and herein , of course , lies one of the ruder ironies of the pacific : that among all this economic vibrancy and dynamism there are still the familiar evils we currently [colleague] only with africa , or with countries that are at war : illiteracy , hunger , a vertiginous growth of population , disease , overcrowding , slums .

You naturally associate babies with defencelessness .
you naturally [colleague] babies with defencelessness .

The Soviet authorities after 1917 could hardly associate themselves with , for example , Russian Orthodoxy and the tradition it represented .
the soviet authorities after 1917 could hardly [colleague] themselves with , for example , russian orthodoxy and the tradition it represented .

Letters went home to our parents about it , our weekend leave was stopped and we was n't allowed to associate with any of the other girls .
letters went home to our parents about it , our weekend leave was stopped and we was n't allowed to [colleague] with any of the other girls .

He rightly points out that the subject of the active clause must preserve the impersonality we normally associate with passive structures in many European languages .
he rightly points out that the subject of the active clause must preserve the impersonality we normally [colleague] with passive structures in many european languages .

It is worth noting that many of the most interesting studies of the language/ethnicity relationship are not quantitative at all , but focus qualitatively on the social meaning which bi- and multi-lingual speakers associate with the codes in their repertoire ( see further 8.3 ) .
it is worth noting that many of the most interesting studies of the language/ethnicity relationship are not quantitative at all , but focus qualitatively on the social meaning which bi- and multi-lingual speakers [colleague] with the codes in their repertoire ( see further 8.3 ) .

The idea that a minister should have a political associate to assist him is not new .
the idea that a minister should have a political [colleague] to assist him is not new .

The absence of any legal bar to association will not , for example , create the ability to associate if there are heavy costs involved which only some groups can bear .
the absence of any legal bar to association will not , for example , create the ability to [colleague] if there are heavy costs involved which only some groups can bear .

The Foreign Minister was Nguyen Tuong Tam who had been in south China but not as an associate of Ho Chi Minh ( he fled from Hanoi in June 1946 ) .
the foreign minister was nguyen tuong tam who had been in south china but not as an [colleague] of ho chi minh ( he fled from hanoi in june 1946 ) .

News about this dynamic activist was sent back to the Gold Coast , and he seemed just the man they needed to organise a political organisation to associate a mass following with the upper-middle-class political elite , who were already restless within the confines of the Burns constitution .
news about this dynamic activist was sent back to the gold coast , and he seemed just the man they needed to organise a political organisation to [colleague] a mass following with the upper-middle-class political elite , who were already restless within the confines of the burns constitution .

Djin went back to Ghana and his role was assumed by Nathaniel Welbeck , an old associate of the president , who was a rabble-rousing speaker but no diplomat .
djin went back to ghana and his role was assumed by nathaniel welbeck , an old [colleague] of the president , who was a rabble-rousing speaker but no diplomat .

Social groups may be divided according to the logic of objects with which they associate , which includes the objects ' autonomous tendencies towards pattern , as well as their physical constraints .
social groups may be divided according to the logic of objects with which they [colleague] , which includes the objects ' autonomous tendencies towards pattern , as well as their physical constraints .

Machine-based production began , not only in textiles , but in a range of goods which were particularly sensitive to this type of flexible demand , and only later on concentrated on the heavier industrial goods we now particularly associate with factory-based machine production ( McKendrick 1983 : 31–2 ) .
machine-based production began , not only in textiles , but in a range of goods which were particularly sensitive to this type of flexible demand , and only later on concentrated on the heavier industrial goods we now particularly [colleague] with factory-based machine production ( mckendrick 1983 : 31–2 ) .

His anthropological attempt to account for spatial variations in the nature of politics is countered by others who associate the origins of political variations across the earth 's surface with variations within the sphere of production ( notably with the core-periphery structure of the capitalist world-economy : Johnston , 1984d , 1989d ; Taylor , 1989 ) .
his anthropological attempt to account for spatial variations in the nature of politics is countered by others who [colleague] the origins of political variations across the earth 's surface with variations within the sphere of production ( notably with the core-periphery structure of the capitalist world-economy : johnston , 1984d , 1989d ; taylor , 1989 ) .

For example , they associate liberal democracy with the core countries , arguing that such a system is only sustainable over substantial periods in countries which are exploiting the entire world-system , and can ‘ buy-off ’ popular demands from their own residents because of the wealth that is being appropriated from other countries .
for example , they [colleague] liberal democracy with the core countries , arguing that such a system is only sustainable over substantial periods in countries which are exploiting the entire world-system , and can ‘ buy-off ’ popular demands from their own residents because of the wealth that is being appropriated from other countries .

It is an old-fashioned noise , the sort of sound you associate with lounge lizards — liquid and urbane .
it is an old-fashioned noise , the sort of sound you [colleague] with lounge lizards — liquid and urbane .

But these were hardly distinguishable from drainage channels , having none of the features that we associate with canals .
but these were hardly distinguishable from drainage channels , having none of the features that we [colleague] with canals .

The control of the design process , in terms of functionality , is thus dependent first on establishing that the parts associate with each other and second that this association provides the desired function .
the control of the design process , in terms of functionality , is thus dependent first on establishing that the parts [colleague] with each other and second that this association provides the desired function .

These associate and spatial relationships are held as a hierarchically structured group of sub-assembly , assembly and machine files .
these [colleague] and spatial relationships are held as a hierarchically structured group of sub-assembly , assembly and machine files .

You associate in a ridiculous or exaggerated way aeroplane with alarm clock , alarm clock with carrot , carrot with television and so on .
you [colleague] in a ridiculous or exaggerated way aeroplane with alarm clock , alarm clock with carrot , carrot with television and so on .

Try for yourself : write down 20 disconnected articles and rapidly associate , as in the example above , each successive pair from beginning to end .
try for yourself : write down 20 disconnected articles and rapidly [colleague] , as in the example above , each successive pair from beginning to end .

To do this , number each article and associate each number with its own `` hook `` , for example , your list might begin as follows This time you associate in a ridiculous way bun and aeroplane , pew and clock , bee and carrot and so on .
to do this , number each article and [colleague] each number with its own `` hook `` , for example , your list might begin as follows this time you [colleague] in a ridiculous way bun and aeroplane , pew and clock , bee and carrot and so on .

Whenever we have to remember lists for lectures , appointments or even shopping , we simply associate each item or idea on the list with the appropriate hook .
whenever we have to remember lists for lectures , appointments or even shopping , we simply [colleague] each item or idea on the list with the appropriate hook .

Do not merely stare at facts which you hope to remember , but see if you can devise a memory-jogger by arranging them so that the initials form another word which , perhaps , you associate with some experience in your life .
do not merely stare at facts which you hope to remember , but see if you can devise a memory-jogger by arranging them so that the initials form another word which , perhaps , you [colleague] with some experience in your life .

The familiar squeaks which we associate with mice and rats are the lowest sounds these rodents make .
the familiar squeaks which we [colleague] with mice and rats are the lowest sounds these rodents make .

In fact , so many animals respond to a lunar cycle that people have wondered whether the ancients were right to associate the moon with human fertility .
in fact , so many animals respond to a lunar cycle that people have wondered whether the ancients were right to [colleague] the moon with human fertility .

" What do you associate bears with ? "
" what do you [colleague] bears with ? "

In our homes we associate the small screen with entertainment .
in our homes we [colleague] the small screen with entertainment .

For example , you would probably associate raised eyebrows with the expression of surprise or disapproval and you might be conscious of raising your eyebrows to convey such an attitude .
for example , you would probably [colleague] raised eyebrows with the expression of surprise or disapproval and you might be conscious of raising your eyebrows to convey such an attitude .

e.g : Spider notes Yet another method of making notes involves you in a " brain storming " exercise in which you allow your memory to recall any information you can associate with a particular topic or question . It may strike you as unusual but , once mastered , it can be used very quickly and effectively for a variety of purposes :
e.g : spider notes yet another method of making notes involves you in a " brain storming " exercise in which you allow your memory to recall any information you can [colleague] with a particular topic or question . it may strike you as unusual but , once mastered , it can be used very quickly and effectively for a variety of purposes :

Whereas the good introduction impresses , the poor one depresses , conditioning the reader to anticipate inaccuracy , poor understanding , irrelevancy , muddled thinking-all the qualities , in fact , which the experienced examiner has come to associate with the weak or poor response . ``
whereas the good introduction impresses , the poor one depresses , conditioning the reader to anticipate inaccuracy , poor understanding , irrelevancy , muddled thinking-all the qualities , in fact , which the experienced examiner has come to [colleague] with the weak or poor response . ``

If , meanwhile , another blackbird saw a species it has never seen before , it would rapidly associate this species with the mobbing calls made by its fellows .
if , meanwhile , another blackbird saw a species it has never seen before , it would rapidly [colleague] this species with the mobbing calls made by its fellows .

The next step is to enrich the behavioural repertoire used in communication by imitating the signals of others and to associate the performance of signals with the context in which they are given .
the next step is to enrich the behavioural repertoire used in communication by imitating the signals of others and to [colleague] the performance of signals with the context in which they are given .

The way that doctors and other staff associate with each other is much less formal than we are used to in Western countries .
the way that doctors and other staff [colleague] with each other is much less formal than we are used to in western countries .

‘ He was my associate in business .
‘ he was my [colleague] in business .

Her style and title at Random House — associate publisher and marketing director for the group 's literary imprints Cape , Chatto and Vintage — are intended to reflect a bridge between the publishing and marketing functions .
her style and title at random house — [colleague] publisher and marketing director for the group 's literary imprints cape , chatto and vintage — are intended to reflect a bridge between the publishing and marketing functions .

‘ Change is not a word that one would readily associate with academic bookselling , but it is being visited upon us and we must respond .
‘ change is not a word that one would readily [colleague] with academic bookselling , but it is being visited upon us and we must respond .

Thus β1 integrin may associate with one of eight different α subunits to give a series of matrix receptors .
thus β1 integrin may [colleague] with one of eight different α subunits to give a series of matrix receptors .

The classification is made more complicated because some α subunits can associate with different β subunits ( for example , α6β1 and α6β4 ) .
the classification is made more complicated because some α subunits can [colleague] with different β subunits ( for example , α6β1 and α6β4 ) .

At the start of the present study and , indeed , until its analysis stage we did not associate the Dounreay-Thurso area with the oil industry , and finding that it contained a high proportion of oil workers was unexpected .
at the start of the present study and , indeed , until its analysis stage we did not [colleague] the dounreay-thurso area with the oil industry , and finding that it contained a high proportion of oil workers was unexpected .

There it is , standing astride an international crossroads , straddling routes through which the traffic of many nations must pass , and giving rapid access to all of the most famous places with which we associate the name of Switzerland .
there it is , standing astride an international crossroads , straddling routes through which the traffic of many nations must pass , and giving rapid access to all of the most famous places with which we [colleague] the name of switzerland .

or part of it at leapt , should be united with this parish under one Kirk session , they associate with them as a member of Session . ``
or part of it at leapt , should be united with this parish under one kirk session , they [colleague] with them as a member of session . ``

Notoriously young children learn very quickly how to recite numbers in the right order without having any clear notion of their `` cardinal `` properties , and it is only gradually that they begin to associate their respective positions in the number series with a relation of magnitude .
notoriously young children learn very quickly how to recite numbers in the right order without having any clear notion of their `` cardinal `` properties , and it is only gradually that they begin to [colleague] their respective positions in the number series with a relation of magnitude .

Furthermore , people often associate the feeling that families are part of human nature with the further assumption that families are good for you .
furthermore , people often [colleague] the feeling that families are part of human nature with the further assumption that families are good for you .

They may also be created by words which associate with each other .
they may also be created by words which [colleague] with each other .

Now associate the following parts with particular discourse types , and consider how students could be helped to identify them and locate them :
now [colleague] the following parts with particular discourse types , and consider how students could be helped to identify them and locate them :

In consultation with Associate Producer Mervyn Pinfield , who would direct the first four episodes , Whitaker won an agreement that everything should be done to portray the Sensorites as timid , sympathetic creatures , leaving true villainy to the beast present , if mostly dormant , in the hearts of men .
in consultation with [colleague] producer mervyn pinfield , who would direct the first four episodes , whitaker won an agreement that everything should be done to portray the sensorites as timid , sympathetic creatures , leaving true villainy to the beast present , if mostly dormant , in the hearts of men .

Mervyn Pinfield 's role as Associate Producer on Doctor Who was agreed to be mostly in an advisory capacity .
mervyn pinfield 's role as [colleague] producer on doctor who was agreed to be mostly in an advisory capacity .

This story is also notable for Mervyn Pinfield 's last credit as Associate Producer for the series .
this story is also notable for mervyn pinfield 's last credit as [colleague] producer for the series .

Apart from those ‘ directors ’ who are actually directors of the company , the agency business has a disarming weakness for spawning hordes of other more or less high-flown titles — associate directors , senior associate directors ( even ! )
apart from those ‘ directors ’ who are actually directors of the company , the agency business has a disarming weakness for spawning hordes of other more or less high-flown titles — [colleague] directors , senior [colleague] directors ( even ! )

This raised three different problems ( or opportunities , as we say in marketing ) : overall , the quality of the stores was higher than expected by people used to Allied Carpets ' promotional style ; people were not fully aware of the extent of the offer — they did not associate Allied with furniture and beds ; and , in a market where independent retailers are still the dominant factor , they had low expectations of Allied 's standards of personal service .
this raised three different problems ( or opportunities , as we say in marketing ) : overall , the quality of the stores was higher than expected by people used to allied carpets ' promotional style ; people were not fully aware of the extent of the offer — they did not [colleague] allied with furniture and beds ; and , in a market where independent retailers are still the dominant factor , they had low expectations of allied 's standards of personal service .

Ian Crofton , currently editorial director of Guinness Reference , joins the Pan Macmillan board as an associate director on 29th March in the new position of publishing director for reference books .
ian crofton , currently editorial director of guinness reference , joins the pan macmillan board as an [colleague] director on 29th march in the new position of publishing director for reference books .

Sarah Lutyens , head of rights , contracts and special sales , has been appointed an associate director of Pan Macmillan .
sarah lutyens , head of rights , contracts and special sales , has been appointed an [colleague] director of pan macmillan .

The initial air of reasonableness and cordiality had quickly given way to a more chameleonlike personality , shifting and dodging behind a variety of masks ; one minute the crafty haberdasher , the next the erudite political activist , the next the polite , smiling business associate .
the initial air of reasonableness and cordiality had quickly given way to a more chameleonlike personality , shifting and dodging behind a variety of masks ; one minute the crafty haberdasher , the next the erudite political activist , the next the polite , smiling business [colleague] .

Then , to each node e , we can associate its set of children which are the far ends of the arcs pointing away from e .
then , to each node e , we can [colleague] its set of children which are the far ends of the arcs pointing away from e .

It is basically a way to associate tuples of real numbers
it is basically a way to [colleague] tuples of real numbers

It is not hard to construct a case in which a contravener induces an investor to enter into a share purchase transaction with a third party associate under which the price for the shares is paid to the third party .
it is not hard to construct a case in which a contravener induces an investor to enter into a share purchase transaction with a third party [colleague] under which the price for the shares is paid to the third party .

The grounds of any complaint must be that the action complained of constitutes , in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under [ the Act of 1986 ] , its rules or any other contract ; or ( b ) in the case of a participating associate , a breach of its obligations under its rules ( if any ) or any contract ; or ( c ) unfair treatment ; or ( d ) maladministration .
the grounds of any complaint must be that the action complained of constitutes , in relation to the complainant : — ( a ) in the case of a participating society , a breach of its obligations under [ the act of 1986 ] , its rules or any other contract ; or ( b ) in the case of a participating [colleague] , a breach of its obligations under its rules ( if any ) or any contract ; or ( c ) unfair treatment ; or ( d ) maladministration .

The appellant , who described himself as a self-employed accountant , falsely claimed to be an associate member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants and a graduate or member of the Institute of Marketing .
the appellant , who described himself as a self-employed accountant , falsely claimed to be an [colleague] member of the chartered institute of management accountants and a graduate or member of the institute of marketing .

In or about June 1987 , Mr. Burt met the appellant , whom he said he had heard of from his doing accountancy work for others , and he understood from the appellant , having been shown a curriculum vitae and other documents , that he was an associate member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants , and a graduate or member of the Institute of Marketing .
in or about june 1987 , mr. burt met the appellant , whom he said he had heard of from his doing accountancy work for others , and he understood from the appellant , having been shown a curriculum vitae and other documents , that he was an [colleague] member of the chartered institute of management accountants , and a graduate or member of the institute of marketing .

No person acting under a proxy may vote in favour of any resolution which would directly or indirectly place him or any associate of his in a position to receive any remuneration out of the estate of the bankrupt ( r 8.6 ( 1 ) ) .
no person acting under a proxy may vote in favour of any resolution which would directly or indirectly place him or any [colleague] of his in a position to receive any remuneration out of the estate of the bankrupt ( r 8.6 ( 1 ) ) .

No member of the committee , his representative or associate of them nor any person who was a member of the committee in the last twelve months must enter into any transaction whereby he receives out of the estate any payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the administration or obtains any profit from the administration or acquires any asset forming part of the estate ( r 6.165(2) ) except with leave of the court , with prior sanction of the committee where full value for the transaction is given and in cases of urgency or by way of performance of a contract in existence at the date of the bankruptcy order where leave of the court is sought subsequently without delay ( r 6.165(3) ) .
no member of the committee , his representative or [colleague] of them nor any person who was a member of the committee in the last twelve months must enter into any transaction whereby he receives out of the estate any payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the administration or obtains any profit from the administration or acquires any asset forming part of the estate ( r 6.165(2) ) except with leave of the court , with prior sanction of the committee where full value for the transaction is given and in cases of urgency or by way of performance of a contract in existence at the date of the bankruptcy order where leave of the court is sought subsequently without delay ( r 6.165(3) ) .

No member of the committee , his representative or associate must vote on any resolution to sanction any such transactions ( r6.165(4) ) .
no member of the committee , his representative or [colleague] must vote on any resolution to sanction any such transactions ( r6.165(4) ) .

Saddiqi , a learned and formidable intellectual , was embarrassed if not frightened , because his answer could never before have been given by a subject to the Shahanshah , King of Kings , Light of the Aryans , Muhammad Reza Pahlavi , Hesitantly , he said it was because no one wanted to be associate with the Shah .
saddiqi , a learned and formidable intellectual , was embarrassed if not frightened , because his answer could never before have been given by a subject to the shahanshah , king of kings , light of the aryans , muhammad reza pahlavi , hesitantly , he said it was because no one wanted to be [colleague] with the shah .

Since 1977 Agger and his associate , former New York Senator Charles Goodell , had represented Morocco in Washington .
since 1977 agger and his [colleague] , former new york senator charles goodell , had represented morocco in washington .

Odette came to associate food with warmth and affection , rewards and treats .
odette came to [colleague] food with warmth and affection , rewards and treats .

Relatively recently , van Loggerenberg ( 1988 ) and his associate Hayzen ( 1989 ) have developed an alternative to conventional standard costing based upon this distinction .
relatively recently , van loggerenberg ( 1988 ) and his [colleague] hayzen ( 1989 ) have developed an alternative to conventional standard costing based upon this distinction .

‘ The company was an ever present reality that always hovered over us , ’ one close associate commented .
‘ the company was an ever present reality that always hovered over us , ’ one close [colleague] commented .

The dogs come to salivate on hearing the sound of bell , which they associate with being fed .
the dogs come to salivate on hearing the sound of bell , which they [colleague] with being fed .

The mating system of a species is the way in which the sexes associate for breeding .
the mating system of a species is the way in which the sexes [colleague] for breeding .

At one extreme , there are species that live in the sea and never move , such as bivalve molluscs , and others that do move , such as starfish , in which the sexes do not really associate for breeding at all .
at one extreme , there are species that live in the sea and never move , such as bivalve molluscs , and others that do move , such as starfish , in which the sexes do not really [colleague] for breeding at all .

Once certain marks became well-known , they also provided an advantage to consumers , who were able to associate particular trade marks with a particular quality goods .
once certain marks became well-known , they also provided an advantage to consumers , who were able to [colleague] particular trade marks with a particular quality goods .

His associate Auguste Laurent- and both of them were kept on the fringe of the French scientific establishment — was more hopeful : he believed that it was possible to determine formulae and structures , but not inductively as chemists had so far tried to do .
his [colleague] auguste laurent- and both of them were kept on the fringe of the french scientific establishment — was more hopeful : he believed that it was possible to determine formulae and structures , but not inductively as chemists had so far tried to do .

Müller 's lectures were followed in 1879 by those of Peter Renouf , originally from Guernsey , an associate of Newman , an Inspector of Schools and an Egyptologist ; and then in 1880 by Ernest Renan 's , coming nearer to home with an investigation of the influence of Rome on Christianity and the development of the Catholic Church .
müller 's lectures were followed in 1879 by those of peter renouf , originally from guernsey , an [colleague] of newman , an inspector of schools and an egyptologist ; and then in 1880 by ernest renan 's , coming nearer to home with an investigation of the influence of rome on christianity and the development of the catholic church .

The term coined by Banfield for this ethic is ‘ amoral familism ’ ; that it is ‘ amoral ’ is implicit in the exclusive pursuit of short-run material advantage ascribed to individuals in such societies , so that they lack any capacity to sacrifice immediate gains in favour of long-term advantage , and they are unable to associate any good to society as a whole with possible good to themselves or their family .
the term coined by banfield for this ethic is ‘ amoral familism ’ ; that it is ‘ amoral ’ is implicit in the exclusive pursuit of short-run material advantage ascribed to individuals in such societies , so that they lack any capacity to sacrifice immediate gains in favour of long-term advantage , and they are unable to [colleague] any good to society as a whole with possible good to themselves or their family .

The experimental design was perfected in 1983 by Kandel 's associate Tom Carew , who was able to mimic the pairing of conditioning and unconditioned stimulus in the reduced preparation .
the experimental design was perfected in 1983 by kandel 's [colleague] tom carew , who was able to mimic the pairing of conditioning and unconditioned stimulus in the reduced preparation .

Why should they associate them with each other ?
why should they [colleague] them with each other ?

It is quite wrong to associate ‘ charity ’ or voluntary giving exclusively with ‘ voluntary ’ or non-profit organisations .
it is quite wrong to [colleague] ‘ charity ’ or voluntary giving exclusively with ‘ voluntary ’ or non-profit organisations .

And learned to associate you with that smell
and learned to [colleague] you with that smell

She is already learning to anticipate the movements needed to get dressed and beginning to associate a particular piece of clothing with a certain part of her body .
she is already learning to anticipate the movements needed to get dressed and beginning to [colleague] a particular piece of clothing with a certain part of her body .

These activities are available when you join the society as an associate member .
these activities are available when you join the society as an [colleague] member .

You can take these courses either as an undergraduate and build up your degree over a few years or pursue a particular interest by taking these courses on a ‘ one-off ’ basis as an associate student .
you can take these courses either as an undergraduate and build up your degree over a few years or pursue a particular interest by taking these courses on a ‘ one-off ’ basis as an [colleague] student .

If you start as an associate student , the courses you successfully complete can be counted towards a degree should you choose to transfer to the undergraduate programme .
if you start as an [colleague] student , the courses you successfully complete can be counted towards a degree should you choose to transfer to the undergraduate programme .

Many of the characteristics of the postwar period which we associate with Fordism , for example , high levels of military spending or private consumption , could just as well be explained in terms of the political institutions which shaped the Fordist era .
many of the characteristics of the postwar period which we [colleague] with fordism , for example , high levels of military spending or private consumption , could just as well be explained in terms of the political institutions which shaped the fordist era .

Denied political and civil space in most Arab society by undemocratic regimes of various kinds , many people make of such an image a confused by powerful instrument of criticism of their own rulers , never mind the powers which they associate with colonial history and contemporary world dominance .
denied political and civil space in most arab society by undemocratic regimes of various kinds , many people make of such an image a confused by powerful instrument of criticism of their own rulers , never mind the powers which they [colleague] with colonial history and contemporary world dominance .

‘ Women often sound unauthoritative because of their posture , ’ says Meribeth Bunch , one-time associate professor in music and anatomy , now a consultant in human communication and author of Speak With Confidence ( Kogan Page , £3.95 ) .
‘ women often sound unauthoritative because of their posture , ’ says meribeth bunch , one-time [colleague] professor in music and anatomy , now a consultant in human communication and author of speak with confidence ( kogan page , £3.95 ) .

Volpone reunites McDiarmid with two former colleagues and friends : his Mosca , Denis Lawson , was a drama school classmate and ‘ double-act ’ at the Royal Scottish Academy ; his director , Nicholas Hytner , was a fellow associate director at the Royal Exchange , Manchester .
volpone reunites mcdiarmid with two former colleagues and friends : his mosca , denis lawson , was a drama school classmate and ‘ double-act ’ at the royal scottish academy ; his director , nicholas hytner , was a fellow [colleague] director at the royal exchange , manchester .

Associate with them and we 'll be attacked as Nazis .
[colleague] with them and we 'll be attacked as nazis .

The arguments over the significance of organic relationships that we normally associate with the debate over Darwin 's Origin of Species were being fought out in the natural-history museums and anatomy schools just when Darwin himself was first beginning to develop his evolutionary theory in the late 1830s .
the arguments over the significance of organic relationships that we normally [colleague] with the debate over darwin 's origin of species were being fought out in the natural-history museums and anatomy schools just when darwin himself was first beginning to develop his evolutionary theory in the late 1830s .

In modern times we have come to associate the very word ‘ ecology ’ with a concern for the environment — yet ‘ ecology ’ is properly the name of the science that deals with the ways in which living things interact with one another and with their environment .
in modern times we have come to [colleague] the very word ‘ ecology ’ with a concern for the environment — yet ‘ ecology ’ is properly the name of the science that deals with the ways in which living things interact with one another and with their environment .

An associate of Gilbert , he had insisted on moving in with the team , even though his presence was not necessary , for first-hand examination .
an [colleague] of gilbert , he had insisted on moving in with the team , even though his presence was not necessary , for first-hand examination .

Why , in higher education , do we tend to associate this kind of intellectual activity more with the performing arts , the humanities and the social sciences , and with professional education , than with the pure sciences and the technologies ?
why , in higher education , do we tend to [colleague] this kind of intellectual activity more with the performing arts , the humanities and the social sciences , and with professional education , than with the pure sciences and the technologies ?

Instead of ‘ us and them ’ perceptions of their relationships with their employers , the manual workers would forgo hitherto strong class loyalties , and increasingly associate themselves with middle- class conformity .
instead of ‘ us and them ’ perceptions of their relationships with their employers , the manual workers would forgo hitherto strong class loyalties , and increasingly [colleague] themselves with middle- class conformity .

With responsibility , we must associate accountability .
with responsibility , we must [colleague] accountability .

Trist realised that productivity was linked to job satisfaction and the ability of the miner to associate his own extra effort with extra reward .
trist realised that productivity was linked to job satisfaction and the ability of the miner to [colleague] his own extra effort with extra reward .

God knows why , but she seemed to associate that with pleasure .
god knows why , but she seemed to [colleague] that with pleasure .

He wrote numerous promotion schemes , mostly involving the grant of monopolies to himself and his associate .
he wrote numerous promotion schemes , mostly involving the grant of monopolies to himself and his [colleague] .

Garway was a staunch Royalist , who nevertheless , like his early associate John Vaughan , seemed to believe that constant vigilance had to be exercised to prevent the loss of England 's liberties or the wasting of its wealth .
garway was a staunch royalist , who nevertheless , like his early [colleague] john vaughan , seemed to believe that constant vigilance had to be exercised to prevent the loss of england 's liberties or the wasting of its wealth .

Earlier she had been a research fellow ( 1929–32 ) at Newnham College , now she was director of studies there ( 1933–42 ) ; she was to serve intermittently as an associate and on the governing body .
earlier she had been a research fellow ( 1929–32 ) at newnham college , now she was director of studies there ( 1933–42 ) ; she was to serve intermittently as an [colleague] and on the governing body .

Stutchbury was elected an associate of the Linnean Society in 1828 and a fellow of the Geological Society in 1841 .
stutchbury was elected an [colleague] of the linnean society in 1828 and a fellow of the geological society in 1841 .

Pont , who became an associate of the Royal Institute of British Architects , came into his own at the outbreak of war in 1939 .
pont , who became an [colleague] of the royal institute of british architects , came into his own at the outbreak of war in 1939 .

The resulting expansion in business necessitated the formation of a partnership with his young associate Guy Green , who became a full partner in 1763 .
the resulting expansion in business necessitated the formation of a partnership with his young [colleague] guy green , who became a full partner in 1763 .

In 1777 he married Elizabeth Parker ( died 1842 ) , the daughter of a business associate , a watchmaker who owned a toy shop in Seel Street , and the niece of Mr Fazackerley , silversmith of Pool Lane .
in 1777 he married elizabeth parker ( died 1842 ) , the daughter of a business [colleague] , a watchmaker who owned a toy shop in seel street , and the niece of mr fazackerley , silversmith of pool lane .

At the time of her second marriage she was in love with Henry Pierce , an attorney 's clerk and associate of her first husband .
at the time of her second marriage she was in love with henry pierce , an attorney 's clerk and [colleague] of her first husband .

In 1875 he was elected an associate of the Royal Institute of British Architects .
in 1875 he was elected an [colleague] of the royal institute of british architects .

in Glasgow and then moved to London where he initially promoted seamen 's charities and was an associate of the Evangelical Clapham sect .
in glasgow and then moved to london where he initially promoted seamen 's charities and was an [colleague] of the evangelical clapham sect .

Richard Weston , an associate of Gresham 's , was certainly involved in the plot against Overbury , and was later hanged for his part in the murder .
richard weston , an [colleague] of gresham 's , was certainly involved in the plot against overbury , and was later hanged for his part in the murder .

Miller was elected an associate of the Linnean Society in 1817 .
miller was elected an [colleague] of the linnean society in 1817 .

Thereafter he set out , increasingly influenced by the syndicalist ideas of his uneasy associate , James Connolly [ q.v . ]
thereafter he set out , increasingly influenced by the syndicalist ideas of his uneasy [colleague] , james connolly [ q.v . ]

In 1914 he graduated with first-class honours as an associate .
in 1914 he graduated with first-class honours as an [colleague] .

While still living with his family in London in 1871 he was amongst the first associate members of the newly formed Society of Telegraph Engineers ( later the Institution of Electrical Engineers ) .
while still living with his family in london in 1871 he was amongst the first [colleague] members of the newly formed society of telegraph engineers ( later the institution of electrical engineers ) .

According to an associate , he performed his duties ‘ strictly en règle … like clockwork ’ and without imagination .
according to an [colleague] , he performed his duties ‘ strictly en règle … like clockwork ’ and without imagination .

In a New Zealand decision , it was held that the police are in a different position , so that the associate of the police ‘ victim ’ was guilty of assaulting the police in the execution of their duty , even though , viz-à-viz the victim they were acting outside the execution of their duty .
in a new zealand decision , it was held that the police are in a different position , so that the [colleague] of the police ‘ victim ’ was guilty of assaulting the police in the execution of their duty , even though , viz-à-viz the victim they were acting outside the execution of their duty .

Where contact with the organized public is necessary or unavoidable , steps are taken to retain the organizational initiative in the hands of the governmental authorities as far as possible , and to associate with people of like attitude rather than with those who are considered to be ‘ uncooperative ’ , ‘ militant ’ , ‘ extremist ’ for example .
where contact with the organized public is necessary or unavoidable , steps are taken to retain the organizational initiative in the hands of the governmental authorities as far as possible , and to [colleague] with people of like attitude rather than with those who are considered to be ‘ uncooperative ’ , ‘ militant ’ , ‘ extremist ’ for example .

Non-practitioners commonly associate these sounds with the breaking of wood or other materials .
non-practitioners commonly [colleague] these sounds with the breaking of wood or other materials .

He had never before met a woman so entirely free of the constraints which he had come to associate with being female .
he had never before met a woman so entirely free of the constraints which he had come to [colleague] with being female .

There were lines around her mouth and eyes , and a kind of earnestness which he did not associate with prepubertal girls .
there were lines around her mouth and eyes , and a kind of earnestness which he did not [colleague] with prepubertal girls .

They suggest that relatively junior and often youthful staff do not shirk opportunities for taking responsibility when the opportunity is there and they , in fact , associate responsibility and autonomy with a high degree of job satisfaction .
they suggest that relatively junior and often youthful staff do not shirk opportunities for taking responsibility when the opportunity is there and they , in fact , [colleague] responsibility and autonomy with a high degree of job satisfaction .

The Course is heavily used by part-time Associate students , mainly home students drawn from the local catchment area .
the course is heavily used by part-time [colleague] students , mainly home students drawn from the local catchment area .

Prospective applicants , usually mature , are given the option of studying on the Course as associate students to demonstrate their potential as degree students .
prospective applicants , usually mature , are given the option of studying on the course as [colleague] students to demonstrate their potential as degree students .

The Co-ordinator acts as personal tutor to the large number of associate students .
the co-ordinator acts as personal tutor to the large number of [colleague] students .

In the 1989 Law Society survey , it was shown that the public associate solicitors most closely with conveyancing and property matters ( 68 per cent . )
in the 1989 law society survey , it was shown that the public [colleague] solicitors most closely with conveyancing and property matters ( 68 per cent . )

Sami 's cousin and business associate , Jamal Hamadan , had known Younis for six years .
sami 's cousin and business [colleague] , jamal hamadan , had known younis for six years .

Quoting from the L'Express story , the Independent described him as ‘ an associate of one of two Libyan secret agents picked up in Senegal in February 1988 , in possession of a trigger device identical to the one recovered from the Lockerbie wreckage ’ .
quoting from the l'express story , the independent described him as ‘ an [colleague] of one of two libyan secret agents picked up in senegal in february 1988 , in possession of a trigger device identical to the one recovered from the lockerbie wreckage ’ .

Caroline Michel will run the literary group 's new marketing department , working with Frances Coady as associate publisher and as director of marketing of the four imprints , with all publicity directors reporting to her .
caroline michel will run the literary group 's new marketing department , working with frances coady as [colleague] publisher and as director of marketing of the four imprints , with all publicity directors reporting to her .

The free membership offer ends in September 1993 , but all members of staff of the National Library of Scotland should be aware that they are also eligible to join the Club as associate members at any time ; the yearly subscription is currently £68.50 .
the free membership offer ends in september 1993 , but all members of staff of the national library of scotland should be aware that they are also eligible to join the club as [colleague] members at any time ; the yearly subscription is currently £68.50 .

The Group also holds an interest in an associate , Methodplan Limited , a finance and investment Company .
the group also holds an interest in an [colleague] , methodplan limited , a finance and investment company .

Covers non-recoverable travel and accommodation charges in the event of unavoidable cancellations or curtailment of the holiday due to your injury or illness , or that of your travelling companion , relative or close business associate ; or due to unemployment , all occurring after the date of issue of the policy .
covers non-recoverable travel and accommodation charges in the event of unavoidable cancellations or curtailment of the holiday due to your injury or illness , or that of your travelling companion , relative or close business [colleague] ; or due to unemployment , all occurring after the date of issue of the policy .

It may mean operating with associate companies , where the bulk of the brewing operations are carried out through licensed brewing agreements .
it may mean operating with [colleague] companies , where the bulk of the brewing operations are carried out through licensed brewing agreements .

United Distillers associate company , Edward Dillon & Co .
united distillers [colleague] company , edward dillon & co .

She retired in 1987 from her appointment as Associate Professor in Child Therapy at Case Western Reserve University .
she retired in 1987 from her appointment as [colleague] professor in child therapy at case western reserve university .

Angelika Manyoni ( Mrs Arend ) is Associate professor at the University of Victoria , Canada .
angelika manyoni ( mrs arend ) is [colleague] professor at the university of victoria , canada .

The laboratory also contains a senior research associate ( the head of a college ) .
the laboratory also contains a senior research [colleague] ( the head of a college ) .

( e ) any investment company , unit trust or other person whose investments are managed by an associate on a discretionary basis ;
( e ) any investment company , unit trust or other person whose investments are managed by an [colleague] on a discretionary basis ;

In addition , if any arrangement exists with any offeror , target or associate of either of them in relation to such securities , details of the arrangement must be publicly disclosed whether or not any dealing takes place . ``
in addition , if any arrangement exists with any offeror , target or [colleague] of either of them in relation to such securities , details of the arrangement must be publicly disclosed whether or not any dealing takes place . ``

The definition of `` associate `` is broader than that of `` acting in concert `` and is relevant primarily to the obligation to disclose dealings and arrangements during the offer period .
the definition of `` [colleague] `` is broader than that of `` acting in concert `` and is relevant primarily to the obligation to disclose dealings and arrangements during the offer period .

The definition of associate contained in the Code ( see para 1.2 above ) commences with a general description and then provides a list of persons who will normally be presumed to be associates .
the definition of [colleague] contained in the code ( see para 1.2 above ) commences with a general description and then provides a list of persons who will normally be presumed to be associates .

As with the accountant the person performing the function of the surveyor should be professionally qualified and the following proviso should be added : Provided that the person who purports to act as the Surveyor must be an Associate or Fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors or an Associate or Fellow of the Incorporated Society of Valuers and Auctioneers
as with the accountant the person performing the function of the surveyor should be professionally qualified and the following proviso should be added : provided that the person who purports to act as the surveyor must be an [colleague] or fellow of the royal institution of chartered surveyors or an [colleague] or fellow of the incorporated society of valuers and auctioneers

It was a word that , up until that moment , Ronni had never thought to associate with Guido .
it was a word that , up until that moment , ronni had never thought to [colleague] with guido .

One neighbour said : ‘ He was not the kind of man you associate with James Bond activities .
one neighbour said : ‘ he was not the kind of man you [colleague] with james bond activities .

There are in fact three known marks for the Hotteterres , which we can associate with the three sons of Loys de Haulteterre as follows :
there are in fact three known marks for the hotteterres , which we can [colleague] with the three sons of loys de haulteterre as follows :

Since your father 's company is the only reason you 're deigning to associate with riff-raff like me , you might as well grab your chances while you can .
since your father 's company is the only reason you 're deigning to [colleague] with riff-raff like me , you might as well grab your chances while you can .

The breath caught in her throat , but she was saved from having to reply by Rosa 's approaching to say apologetically that there was a phone call , a business associate was on the line .
the breath caught in her throat , but she was saved from having to reply by rosa 's approaching to say apologetically that there was a phone call , a business [colleague] was on the line .

With deep blue eyes and springy fair hair , the athletic Dane would be the answer to many a maiden 's prayer , yet while Ashley was grateful to have him as a friend and business associate she had no inclination for their relationship to deepen .
with deep blue eyes and springy fair hair , the athletic dane would be the answer to many a maiden 's prayer , yet while ashley was grateful to have him as a friend and business [colleague] she had no inclination for their relationship to deepen .

‘ Simon 's childhood had left him with a feeling of inadequacy and a strong envious streak , which meant he found it difficult to live with the idea of an associate being better than him .
‘ simon 's childhood had left him with a feeling of inadequacy and a strong envious streak , which meant he found it difficult to live with the idea of an [colleague] being better than him .

However , the Census Microdata Unit staff , including a computer officer and a research associate , will be doing evaluative work on the samples when they are loaded and usable .
however , the census microdata unit staff , including a computer officer and a research [colleague] , will be doing evaluative work on the samples when they are loaded and usable .

Only then can we give even a sensible guess as to the potential of e-documents and their associate structures and environments .
only then can we give even a sensible guess as to the potential of e-documents and their [colleague] structures and environments .

Those who wanted to and could effectively ‘ associate ’ might at best shrug their shoulders at , and at worst despise , those who neither could nor wanted to , not least the women , who were virtually excluded from the world of club formalities , points-of-order and proposals for membership .
those who wanted to and could effectively ‘ [colleague] ’ might at best shrug their shoulders at , and at worst despise , those who neither could nor wanted to , not least the women , who were virtually excluded from the world of club formalities , points-of-order and proposals for membership .

If people associate you with the ‘ Carry On ’ films , they do n't think of you as anything else .
if people [colleague] you with the ‘ carry on ’ films , they do n't think of you as anything else .

These economists were ready to accept that there probably did exist a particular unemployment rate at which inflation was neither rising nor falling but they were unwilling to associate this rate with a state of overall full employment .
these economists were ready to accept that there probably did exist a particular unemployment rate at which inflation was neither rising nor falling but they were unwilling to [colleague] this rate with a state of overall full employment .

The dilemma for the firm is that to adopt any other terminology ( eg associate ) may diminish the status of the salaried partner in both his own and the client 's eyes .
the dilemma for the firm is that to adopt any other terminology ( eg [colleague] ) may diminish the status of the salaried partner in both his own and the client 's eyes .

( 4 ) Each manager must hold at least one ordinary share in Newco and work for more than half his time in the `` management or conduct of the company `` or an associated company ; alternatively he must own more than 5 % of the ordinary share capital of Newco ( the `` material interest `` test ) ; for these purposes , the shareholdings of any associate of an individual manager are aggregated with his holding ; `` management or conduct of the company `` ( rather than its business ) connotes the function of directors and senior managers , so other employees and middle management will not be able to obtain relief , since they are unlikely to have a sufficient holding in Newco to satisfy the material interest test .
( 4 ) each manager must hold at least one ordinary share in newco and work for more than half his time in the `` management or conduct of the company `` or an associated company ; alternatively he must own more than 5 % of the ordinary share capital of newco ( the `` material interest `` test ) ; for these purposes , the shareholdings of any [colleague] of an individual manager are aggregated with his holding ; `` management or conduct of the company `` ( rather than its business ) connotes the function of directors and senior managers , so other employees and middle management will not be able to obtain relief , since they are unlikely to have a sufficient holding in newco to satisfy the material interest test .

Irrespective of the fact that the business has changed hands , creditors may associate the delay in payment with the business itself rather than the identity of the vendor .
irrespective of the fact that the business has changed hands , creditors may [colleague] the delay in payment with the business itself rather than the identity of the vendor .

Readings such as that of Schüssler Fiorenza and Trible may make it easier for Christian women who are feminists to associate themselves with the Christian tradition .
readings such as that of schüssler fiorenza and trible may make it easier for christian women who are feminists to [colleague] themselves with the christian tradition .

In so far as they do , they are troubled : they try to find a way for women to be represented in a religion where the Godhead is conceived in male terms , and a way indeed to be able to associate themselves with a male God or Christ .
in so far as they do , they are troubled : they try to find a way for women to be represented in a religion where the godhead is conceived in male terms , and a way indeed to be able to [colleague] themselves with a male god or christ .

Consider then again the following , an example which shows well how far feminists who are Christians feel the lack of a male figure with which to associate .
consider then again the following , an example which shows well how far feminists who are christians feel the lack of a male figure with which to [colleague] .

One such friend has recalled how observant and amusing he could be , how quick to comment upon other people 's expressions or appearance which he would associate with psychological traits .
one such friend has recalled how observant and amusing he could be , how quick to comment upon other people 's expressions or appearance which he would [colleague] with psychological traits .

O'Connell gives the example of a State that wishes to associate itself with the primary objectives of a treaty but not with its implementation .
o'connell gives the example of a state that wishes to [colleague] itself with the primary objectives of a treaty but not with its implementation .

We your Memorialists therefore pray that your Worshipful Company will reduce the number of scholars to such an amount as will ensure scholars with whom a tradesman 's son ought to associate , leaving others to go to the National Schools . ``
we your memorialists therefore pray that your worshipful company will reduce the number of scholars to such an amount as will ensure scholars with whom a tradesman 's son ought to [colleague] , leaving others to go to the national schools . ``

If this programme is to make any sense we shall have to find a way to associate numbers with our operators .
if this programme is to make any sense we shall have to find a way to [colleague] numbers with our operators .

There is , therefore , none of the fitful air of discontinuity about the Schrödinger equation which we have come to associate with the quantum world .
there is , therefore , none of the fitful air of discontinuity about the schrödinger equation which we have come to [colleague] with the quantum world .

The report goes on to claim that the people could only be taught `` thrift and prudence `` by men who would actually associate with them , thereby ensuring that the influence of `` the imperishable youth of Oxford `` would `` induce them to face the elementary laws of economics . ``
the report goes on to claim that the people could only be taught `` thrift and prudence `` by men who would actually [colleague] with them , thereby ensuring that the influence of `` the imperishable youth of oxford `` would `` induce them to face the elementary laws of economics . ``

Structural change is something we Europeans associate with other regions — Latin America , for example , or Asia .
structural change is something we europeans [colleague] with other regions — latin america , for example , or asia .

The ecumenical diversity is meant to help the programme be more of an evangelism tool for the churches , said Woody Wilson , Associate Producer .
the ecumenical diversity is meant to help the programme be more of an evangelism tool for the churches , said woody wilson , [colleague] producer .

An expert in eighteenth-century Dutch art , he is a former director of Ohio 's Toledo Museum of Art , and former associate director of the Minneapolis Institute of Arts .
an expert in eighteenth-century dutch art , he is a former director of ohio 's toledo museum of art , and former [colleague] director of the minneapolis institute of arts .

14.33a ) is undoubtedly a female and difficult to associate with Hercules unless , by a remote possibility , she is the Queen of the Amazons !
14.33a ) is undoubtedly a female and difficult to [colleague] with hercules unless , by a remote possibility , she is the queen of the amazons !

The reason why company law should have been so concerned to legitimate the power of corporate managers is that this power potentially threatens the political-economic organization we associate with a liberal democracy .
the reason why company law should have been so concerned to legitimate the power of corporate managers is that this power potentially threatens the political-economic organization we [colleague] with a liberal democracy .

The answer according to Ms Geldin , the exhibition 's associate director , is that his work lies chiefly outside major metropolitan areas , much of it in his native Pennsylvania .
the answer according to ms geldin , the exhibition 's [colleague] director , is that his work lies chiefly outside major metropolitan areas , much of it in his native pennsylvania .

Apparently on 5 July $ 600,000 had been paid into the account of Hildenbrand and her associate Lanzone and they had issued a receipt to the museum 's director .
apparently on 5 july $ 600,000 had been paid into the account of hildenbrand and her [colleague] lanzone and they had issued a receipt to the museum 's director .

You associate that place with a particular set of activities , so that returning to that place reinforces your mental concentration and allows you to work better .
you [colleague] that place with a particular set of activities , so that returning to that place reinforces your mental concentration and allows you to work better .

Having `` decoded `` the question , allow your mind to associate freely on the question for a couple of minutes .
having `` decoded `` the question , allow your mind to [colleague] freely on the question for a couple of minutes .

Then a list of frames indexed by that theme noun is searched to associate it with any frames currently active ( i.e .
then a list of frames indexed by that theme noun is searched to [colleague] it with any frames currently active ( i.e .

However , linear precedence has been shown to be a significant factor affecting the manner in which words associate with each other [ Church & hanks , 1989 ] .
however , linear precedence has been shown to be a significant factor affecting the manner in which words [colleague] with each other [ church & hanks , 1989 ] .

During June a more threatening outbreak developed under the leadership of ‘ Robin of Redesdale ’ ( almost certainly Warwick 's associate Sir John Conyers ) and by the middle of the month Edward had decided to go north himself .
during june a more threatening outbreak developed under the leadership of ‘ robin of redesdale ’ ( almost certainly warwick 's [colleague] sir john conyers ) and by the middle of the month edward had decided to go north himself .

He was thus never exclusively Gloucester 's man , but by 1480 had developed sufficiently close links with the duke to stand surety with other ducal retainers for Gloucester 's associate John Huddleston .
he was thus never exclusively gloucester 's man , but by 1480 had developed sufficiently close links with the duke to stand surety with other ducal retainers for gloucester 's [colleague] john huddleston .

The third brother , Nicholas , is described as of Marton in Craven in 1478 and had married the sister of Gloucester 's associate Sir John Pilkington .
the third brother , nicholas , is described as of marton in craven in 1478 and had married the sister of gloucester 's [colleague] sir john pilkington .

William Plumpton , cultivating Gloucester and his retainer John Pilkington in the hope of bringing pressure to bear on Northumberland over a Knaresborough office , was firmly warned off by a more sophisticated associate .
william plumpton , cultivating gloucester and his retainer john pilkington in the hope of bringing pressure to bear on northumberland over a knaresborough office , was firmly warned off by a more sophisticated [colleague] .

Ralph lord Greystoke was a member of the ducal council and probably contributed to the extension of ducal influence across the Derwent into the Wolds , where he held land and where the ducal associate Ralph Bigod had Greystoke connections .
ralph lord greystoke was a member of the ducal council and probably contributed to the extension of ducal influence across the derwent into the wolds , where he held land and where the ducal [colleague] ralph bigod had greystoke connections .

It is significant , too , that at around this time a royal commission of arrest in Essex was headed by a Yorkshireman , John Nesfield , who was probably already a ducal associate .
it is significant , too , that at around this time a royal commission of arrest in essex was headed by a yorkshireman , john nesfield , who was probably already a ducal [colleague] .

William Berkeley , William Ovedale and Roger Kelsale were made responsible for victualling the ships , and were also authorized to receive all those prepared to make their peace with the new regime except Woodville himself , Dorset ( the only indication that he might have joined his uncle ) and Robert Ratcliffe , a former associate of Rivers at Calais .
william berkeley , william ovedale and roger kelsale were made responsible for victualling the ships , and were also authorized to receive all those prepared to make their peace with the new regime except woodville himself , dorset ( the only indication that he might have joined his uncle ) and robert ratcliffe , a former [colleague] of rivers at calais .

Gloucester 's associate Francis viscount Lovell , whose estates included land in Oxfordshire along the Thames valley , replaced Richard Grey as constable and steward of the duchy of Cornwall honour of Wallingford ( Oxon . )
gloucester 's [colleague] francis viscount lovell , whose estates included land in oxfordshire along the thames valley , replaced richard grey as constable and steward of the duchy of cornwall honour of wallingford ( oxon . )

Associate members with a little more money to spend can afford the comfort of local hotels .
[colleague] members with a little more money to spend can afford the comfort of local hotels .

If we can associate certain patterns of family living with the process of industrialization then what were these particular patterns , and were they caused by industrialization or a necessary pre-condition for it ?
if we can [colleague] certain patterns of family living with the process of industrialization then what were these particular patterns , and were they caused by industrialization or a necessary pre-condition for it ?

The next stage is to jot down every idea or word which comes into your mind which you associate with it .
the next stage is to jot down every idea or word which comes into your mind which you [colleague] with it .

Write the word organisation in the centre of a blank sheet of paper and map everything that you associate with it which comes into your mind .
write the word organisation in the centre of a blank sheet of paper and map everything that you [colleague] with it which comes into your mind .

Moreover , there are serious theoretical problems in attempting to isolate those intellectual factors that might be held to account for social change , apart from then attempting to associate these factors with particular social groups on the one hand or with literacy on the other .
moreover , there are serious theoretical problems in attempting to isolate those intellectual factors that might be held to account for social change , apart from then attempting to [colleague] these factors with particular social groups on the one hand or with literacy on the other .

Lyons , in fact , would support this view and , whatever other characteristics he might attribute to literacy , or to specific language-systems such as English , he would not associate them with lack of ambiguity , as do Hildyard , Olson and Greenfield .
lyons , in fact , would support this view and , whatever other characteristics he might attribute to literacy , or to specific language-systems such as english , he would not [colleague] them with lack of ambiguity , as do hildyard , olson and greenfield .

Typically , Carter appointed as head of legislative liaison Frank Moore , a Georgia associate and professional management specialist with no experience of Washington politics .
typically , carter appointed as head of legislative liaison frank moore , a georgia [colleague] and professional management specialist with no experience of washington politics .

By the same token , protest in these larger enterprises brought immediate intervention by police or even troops : the workers could not fail to associate the political authorities with the hated employer .
by the same token , protest in these larger enterprises brought immediate intervention by police or even troops : the workers could not fail to [colleague] the political authorities with the hated employer .

‘ They should get credit for the informal aspects of what they did , and their staff work was superb ’ , says , a senior associate with the congressional Office of Technology Assessment .
‘ they should get credit for the informal aspects of what they did , and their staff work was superb ’ , says , a senior [colleague] with the congressional office of technology assessment .

For it was possible , on a reading of Marius ' contio in Sallust , to associate the old nobility with inertia , the new with virtue .
for it was possible , on a reading of marius ' contio in sallust , to [colleague] the old nobility with inertia , the new with virtue .

But the inhabitants of some twelfth-century towns and villages moved last to associate for the protection of their interests against those of their overlords — bishops in the case of most ancient towns , abbots or castellans for newer foundations .
but the inhabitants of some twelfth-century towns and villages moved last to [colleague] for the protection of their interests against those of their overlords — bishops in the case of most ancient towns , abbots or castellans for newer foundations .

In some ways the movement of labour between firms might be surprising given the tendency to associate the Japanese labour market with notions of lifetime employment and seniority wages .
in some ways the movement of labour between firms might be surprising given the tendency to [colleague] the japanese labour market with notions of lifetime employment and seniority wages .

We are not now accustomed to associate democracy with such overt expressions of class hostility and social conflict .
we are not now accustomed to [colleague] democracy with such overt expressions of class hostility and social conflict .

The first is that there is rather little reason to associate the coercive pressure of a dominant or majority current of opinion or belief with democracy .
the first is that there is rather little reason to [colleague] the coercive pressure of a dominant or majority current of opinion or belief with democracy .

They can be trained to run simple mazes or to associate food with colours or other visual stimuli .
they can be trained to run simple mazes or to [colleague] food with colours or other visual stimuli .

The pupil can : 2a associate appropriate units with the quantity to be measured ; 2b relate units for the same measure to each other ; 2c relate a given unit to an everyday object with a sensible numerical value .
the pupil can : 2a [colleague] appropriate units with the quantity to be measured ; 2b relate units for the same measure to each other ; 2c relate a given unit to an everyday object with a sensible numerical value .

The pupil can associate appropriate units with the quantity to be measured .
the pupil can [colleague] appropriate units with the quantity to be measured .

It was the last of Richard Avedon 's books to be designed by Marvin Israel , his close associate on many projects , who worked in close collaboration with Elizabeth Avedon ( daughter-in-law of the photographer ) .
it was the last of richard avedon 's books to be designed by marvin israel , his close [colleague] on many projects , who worked in close collaboration with elizabeth avedon ( daughter-in-law of the photographer ) .

We are tempted , perhaps , to associate them with what they are of , or what they represent , and hence to remove them from where they otherwise would seem to be , and hence to be lost for a location to which to assign them .
we are tempted , perhaps , to [colleague] them with what they are of , or what they represent , and hence to remove them from where they otherwise would seem to be , and hence to be lost for a location to which to assign them .

Hears a new word and can associate the sounds with the right letters .
hears a new word and can [colleague] the sounds with the right letters .

Boston therefore suffers many of the ills which we associate with inner-city decline .
boston therefore suffers many of the ills which we [colleague] with inner-city decline .

That was what people would associate with you — skills of scheduling and marketing .
that was what people would [colleague] with you — skills of scheduling and marketing .

One response to this sudden absence may be to associate the market boom of the Thatcher years with a smothering of radical effort , a disabling of political endeavour .
one response to this sudden absence may be to [colleague] the market boom of the thatcher years with a smothering of radical effort , a disabling of political endeavour .

He was an associate of Neuhaus , and like that legendary figure imparted the richest sense of cultural and human ideals .
he was an [colleague] of neuhaus , and like that legendary figure imparted the richest sense of cultural and human ideals .

Thus , for example , Eusebius , Bishop of Caesarea , one of the leading theological figures of his day and a close personal associate of the Emperor , says : ‘ He grows strong in his model of monarchic rule , which the ruler of All has given to the race of man alone of those on earth ’ .
thus , for example , eusebius , bishop of caesarea , one of the leading theological figures of his day and a close personal [colleague] of the emperor , says : ‘ he grows strong in his model of monarchic rule , which the ruler of all has given to the race of man alone of those on earth ’ .

Dr Myra Ramos , the associate dean of educational services , thinks that the sudden explosion of the new pathway would have been impossible if Tosteson had been too cautious in his original plans .
dr myra ramos , the [colleague] dean of educational services , thinks that the sudden explosion of the new pathway would have been impossible if tosteson had been too cautious in his original plans .

No , television advertising of beer should be stopped because the regulations surrounding it ( do n't show excessive drinking , do n't associate drinking with social or sexual success , do n't even hint that people might enjoy the sensation of being just a little bit , no , do n't even say the word , drunk ) have led to a series of creative executions that wander around aimlessly avoiding the subject of beer altogether , until the very end when they name it , or maybe not .
no , television advertising of beer should be stopped because the regulations surrounding it ( do n't show excessive drinking , do n't [colleague] drinking with social or sexual success , do n't even hint that people might enjoy the sensation of being just a little bit , no , do n't even say the word , drunk ) have led to a series of creative executions that wander around aimlessly avoiding the subject of beer altogether , until the very end when they name it , or maybe not .

The Bishop of Hereford was an associate of Mortimer and had been brought before parliament in 1324 to face charges that members of his retinue had helped Mortimer to escape from the Tower .
the bishop of hereford was an [colleague] of mortimer and had been brought before parliament in 1324 to face charges that members of his retinue had helped mortimer to escape from the tower .

It was not in the king 's interest to associate himself with a movement which at most would merely ensure the removal from power of one magnate clique and its replacement by another .
it was not in the king 's interest to [colleague] himself with a movement which at most would merely ensure the removal from power of one magnate clique and its replacement by another .

He had rightly judged that it would have been unwise for him to associate himself with the movement of the Earl of Lancaster or with Rent 's conspiracy .
he had rightly judged that it would have been unwise for him to [colleague] himself with the movement of the earl of lancaster or with rent 's conspiracy .

The White Hart Lane power battle took a new twist when Venables ' associate Edward Ashby was sacked from his consultant post , a move which appears to weaken Venables position still further as he fights chairman Alan Sugar to retain his £200,000 a year job .
the white hart lane power battle took a new twist when venables ' [colleague] edward ashby was sacked from his consultant post , a move which appears to weaken venables position still further as he fights chairman alan sugar to retain his £200,000 a year job .

People associate them with community spirit and sunshine , the days when `` we had nothing , but were happy `` .
people [colleague] them with community spirit and sunshine , the days when `` we had nothing , but were happy `` .

part-time study by associate students .
part-time study by [colleague] students .

Both the full-time and the associate students have responded enormously well to the greater flexibility offered by the programme .
both the full-time and the [colleague] students have responded enormously well to the greater flexibility offered by the programme .

The year concluded with the DoE agreeing to fund Great Britain 's associate membership of the European organisation .
the year concluded with the doe agreeing to fund great britain 's [colleague] membership of the european organisation .

‘ People have tried to make it sound complicated and sophisticated but pulling it together is really just hard work involving a lot of discussion , ’ said Robert Ure , associate director with Sedgwick in Scotland .
‘ people have tried to make it sound complicated and sophisticated but pulling it together is really just hard work involving a lot of discussion , ’ said robert ure , [colleague] director with sedgwick in scotland .

In a discussion document published on 11 June the Department of Trade and Industry also sought views on extending this exemption to areas where the auditor 's only relationship with an associate company providing non-audit services to a client is as a trustee .
in a discussion document published on 11 june the department of trade and industry also sought views on extending this exemption to areas where the auditor 's only relationship with an [colleague] company providing non-audit services to a client is as a trustee .

‘ My task is to fill the hotel but make sure that we live up to the high expectations guests associate with this sort of establishment .
‘ my task is to fill the hotel but make sure that we live up to the high expectations guests [colleague] with this sort of establishment .

Finally , it is also important to know that many of our courses can be studied on a ‘ one-off ’ basis through our Associate Student programme .
finally , it is also important to know that many of our courses can be studied on a ‘ one-off ’ basis through our [colleague] student programme .

What about which year joined as alternative to years of Membership , since some may have joined as an Associate ?
what about which year joined as alternative to years of membership , since some may have joined as an [colleague] ?

If Fellow , which year granted it ? Which year Member if joined as an Associate ?
if fellow , which year granted it ? which year member if joined as an [colleague] ?

There was none of the clashing of iron , or stamping of horse that she had come to associate with both skirmish and battle , only an odd silence , save for the distant and familiar sound of a storm wind , and the voice of a flock of birds , coming closer …
there was none of the clashing of iron , or stamping of horse that she had come to [colleague] with both skirmish and battle , only an odd silence , save for the distant and familiar sound of a storm wind , and the voice of a flock of birds , coming closer …

Soon it began to create the steady whine that she had come to associate with this strange instrument .
soon it began to create the steady whine that she had come to [colleague] with this strange instrument .

to contact the Associate Dean ( Postgraduate Studies ) in the first place .
to contact the [colleague] dean ( postgraduate studies ) in the first place .

He was an Englishman , she said , an associate of her father , who 'd come across for years on whatever business it was he did .
he was an englishman , she said , an [colleague] of her father , who 'd come across for years on whatever business it was he did .

Though the principles of representative government are important to pluralists as embodying equal rights to vote , express opinion and associate with like-minded people for political ends , the individual citizen of a democracy needs to be able to join with others before an interest can be effectively mobilized .
though the principles of representative government are important to pluralists as embodying equal rights to vote , express opinion and [colleague] with like-minded people for political ends , the individual citizen of a democracy needs to be able to join with others before an interest can be effectively mobilized .

Crunch … ‘ There goes Milton , ’ cried an associate professor , wispy hair covered by a hard hat , in the recesses of her imagination .
crunch … ‘ there goes milton , ’ cried an [colleague] professor , wispy hair covered by a hard hat , in the recesses of her imagination .

During June a more threatening outbreak developed under the leadership of ‘ Robin of Redesdale ’ ( almost certainly Warwick 's associate Sir John Conyers ) and by the middle of the month Edward had decided to go north himself .
during june a more threatening outbreak developed under the leadership of ‘ robin of redesdale ’ ( almost certainly warwick 's [colleague] sir john conyers ) and by the middle of the month edward had decided to go north himself .

He was thus never exclusively Gloucester 's man , but by 1480 had developed sufficiently close links with the duke to stand surety with other ducal retainers for Gloucester 's associate John Huddleston .
he was thus never exclusively gloucester 's man , but by 1480 had developed sufficiently close links with the duke to stand surety with other ducal retainers for gloucester 's [colleague] john huddleston .

The third brother , Nicholas , is described as of Marton in Craven in 1478 and had married the sister of Gloucester 's associate Sir John Pilkington .
the third brother , nicholas , is described as of marton in craven in 1478 and had married the sister of gloucester 's [colleague] sir john pilkington .

William Plumpton , cultivating Gloucester and his retainer John Pilkington in the hope of bringing pressure to bear on Northumberland over a Knaresborough office , was firmly warned off by a more sophisticated associate .
william plumpton , cultivating gloucester and his retainer john pilkington in the hope of bringing pressure to bear on northumberland over a knaresborough office , was firmly warned off by a more sophisticated [colleague] .

Ralph lord Greystoke was a member of the ducal council and probably contributed to the extension of ducal influence across the Derwent into the Wolds , where he held land and where the ducal associate Ralph Bigod had Greystoke connections .
ralph lord greystoke was a member of the ducal council and probably contributed to the extension of ducal influence across the derwent into the wolds , where he held land and where the ducal [colleague] ralph bigod had greystoke connections .

It is significant , too , that at around this time a royal commission of arrest in Essex was headed by a Yorkshireman , John Nesfield , who was probably already a ducal associate .
it is significant , too , that at around this time a royal commission of arrest in essex was headed by a yorkshireman , john nesfield , who was probably already a ducal [colleague] .

William Berkeley , William Ovedale and Roger Kelsale were made responsible for victualling the ships , and were also authorized to receive all those prepared to make their peace with the new regime except Woodville himself , Dorset ( the only indication that he might have joined his uncle ) and Robert Ratcliffe , a former associate of Rivers at Calais .
william berkeley , william ovedale and roger kelsale were made responsible for victualling the ships , and were also authorized to receive all those prepared to make their peace with the new regime except woodville himself , dorset ( the only indication that he might have joined his uncle ) and robert ratcliffe , a former [colleague] of rivers at calais .

Gloucester 's associate Francis viscount Lovell , whose estates included land in Oxfordshire along the Thames valley , replaced Richard Grey as constable and steward of the duchy of Cornwall honour of Wallingford ( Oxon . )
gloucester 's [colleague] francis viscount lovell , whose estates included land in oxfordshire along the thames valley , replaced richard grey as constable and steward of the duchy of cornwall honour of wallingford ( oxon . )

The courtiers ' most prominent associate there was a draper , Philip Malpas , who had been chosen alderman of Lime Street ward in 1448 only through royal influence .
the courtiers ' most prominent [colleague] there was a draper , philip malpas , who had been chosen alderman of lime street ward in 1448 only through royal influence .

There is often suspicion on both sides : doctors associate the police with uncaring attitudes whilst the police are suspicious of medical intervention .
there is often suspicion on both sides : doctors [colleague] the police with uncaring attitudes whilst the police are suspicious of medical intervention .

At the outset he reviews a number of definitions , the main two economic ones being to associate taxes with ‘ shifting ’ and with ‘ tailor-making ’ .
at the outset he reviews a number of definitions , the main two economic ones being to [colleague] taxes with ‘ shifting ’ and with ‘ tailor-making ’ .

The identifier/title of the Product can be changed , if you want to associate a different Product with the Issue .
the identifier/title of the product can be changed , if you want to [colleague] a different product with the issue .

The identifier/title of the Client can be changed , if you want to associate a different Client with the Issue .
the identifier/title of the client can be changed , if you want to [colleague] a different client with the issue .

Alternatively , the issue can be updated prior to despatch , using option 5.3.2 , in order to associate a different product or client with the issue .
alternatively , the issue can be updated prior to despatch , using option 5.3.2 , in order to [colleague] a different product or client with the issue .

It 's like dealing with politicians , `` says one business associate .
it 's like dealing with politicians , `` says one business [colleague] .

His hair has been better since he 's been with Sarah Brightman , `` confides one long-term associate , `` and perhaps he developed more ofa sense of humour .
his hair has been better since he 's been with sarah brightman , `` confides one long-term [colleague] , `` and perhaps he developed more ofa sense of humour .

Of the Arts and Crafts jewellers , Charles Robert Ashbee , James Cromar Watt , Henry Wilson and his associate John Paul Cooper were among the most distinguished .
of the arts and crafts jewellers , charles robert ashbee , james cromar watt , henry wilson and his [colleague] john paul cooper were among the most distinguished .

The solute must not react , associate or dissociate in the solvents .
the solute must not react , [colleague] or dissociate in the solvents .

Carboxylic acids , for example , associate to form dimers in organic solvents ( see figure 6.26 ) .
carboxylic acids , for example , [colleague] to form dimers in organic solvents ( see figure 6.26 ) .

After one year working with the company , as part of Strathclyde University 's Teaching Company Associate Scheme , Rhona Johnstone transferred from being on the staff of the University to join the Marketing Department and continue her job in market research .
after one year working with the company , as part of strathclyde university 's teaching company [colleague] scheme , rhona johnstone transferred from being on the staff of the university to join the marketing department and continue her job in market research .

On Jan. 11 , 1990 , a $ 5,000,000 joint venture between a Soviet state company and a personal associate of Suharto 's , Liem Sio Long , was announced for the building of a palm oil processing plant in the Moscow area .
on jan. 11 , 1990 , a $ 5,000,000 joint venture between a soviet state company and a personal [colleague] of suharto 's , liem sio long , was announced for the building of a palm oil processing plant in the moscow area .

He was replaced the following day by his close associate Banarasi Das Gupta .
he was replaced the following day by his close [colleague] banarasi das gupta .

On policy Antall stated : `` The European Community is our most important target and we want to concentrate all our means to join as an associate member as soon as possible , and later to become a full member . ``
on policy antall stated : `` the european community is our most important target and we want to concentrate all our means to join as an [colleague] member as soon as possible , and later to become a full member . ``

Brian Mulroney Prime Minister Joseph ( Joe ) Clark Secretary of State for External Affairs John Crosbie International Trade Donald Mazankowski Deputy Prime Minister ; Agriculture ; President of Privy Council Elmer MacKay Public Works Jake Epp Energy , Mines and Resources Robert De Cotret President of Treasury Board Perrin Beatty National Health and Welfare Michael Wilson Finance Harvie Andre Minister of State ; Leader of Government in House of Commons Otto Jelinek National Revenue Thomas Siddon Indian Affairs and Northern Development Charles Mayer Western Economic Diversification ; Minister of State for Grains and Oilseeds William McKnight Defence Benoît Bouchard Industry , Science and Technology Marcel Masse Communications Barbara McDougall Employment and Immigration Gerald Merrithew Veterans ' Affairs Monique Vézina Minister of State for Employment and Immigration ; Senior Citizens Frank Oberle Forestry Lowell Murray Government Leader in Senate ; Minister of State for Federal-Provincial Relations Paul Dick Supply and Services Pierre Cadieux Solicitor General Tom Hockin Minister of State for Small Businesses and Tourism Monique Landry Minister of State for External Relations Bernard Valcourt Fisheries and Oceans Gerry Weiner Minister of State for Multiculturalism and Citizenship Douglas Lewis Transport Pierre Blais Consumer and Corporate Affairs Lucien Bouchard Environment John McDermid Minister of State for Privatization and Regulatory Affairs Shirley Martin Minister of State for Indian Affairs and Northern Development Mary Collins Associate Minister of National Defence ; Minster responsible for Status of Women Allen Redway Minister of State for Housing William Wineguard Minister of State for Science Kim Campbell Justice and Attorney General Jean Corbeil Minister of Labour ; Minister of State for Transport Gilles Loiselle Minister of State for Finance Marcel Danis Minister of State for Youth ; Fitness and Amateur Sport
brian mulroney prime minister joseph ( joe ) clark secretary of state for external affairs john crosbie international trade donald mazankowski deputy prime minister ; agriculture ; president of privy council elmer mackay public works jake epp energy , mines and resources robert de cotret president of treasury board perrin beatty national health and welfare michael wilson finance harvie andre minister of state ; leader of government in house of commons otto jelinek national revenue thomas siddon indian affairs and northern development charles mayer western economic diversification ; minister of state for grains and oilseeds william mcknight defence benoît bouchard industry , science and technology marcel masse communications barbara mcdougall employment and immigration gerald merrithew veterans ' affairs monique vézina minister of state for employment and immigration ; senior citizens frank oberle forestry lowell murray government leader in senate ; minister of state for federal-provincial relations paul dick supply and services pierre cadieux solicitor general tom hockin minister of state for small businesses and tourism monique landry minister of state for external relations bernard valcourt fisheries and oceans gerry weiner minister of state for multiculturalism and citizenship douglas lewis transport pierre blais consumer and corporate affairs lucien bouchard environment john mcdermid minister of state for privatization and regulatory affairs shirley martin minister of state for indian affairs and northern development mary collins [colleague] minister of national defence ; minster responsible for status of women allen redway minister of state for housing william wineguard minister of state for science kim campbell justice and attorney general jean corbeil minister of labour ; minister of state for transport gilles loiselle minister of state for finance marcel danis minister of state for youth ; fitness and amateur sport

On June 1 Oscar Dhlomo , Inkatha 's general secretary and close associate of Buthelezi , had resigned , giving rise to speculation that he was in dispute with Buthelezi over how to handle the situation in Natal .
on june 1 oscar dhlomo , inkatha 's general secretary and close [colleague] of buthelezi , had resigned , giving rise to speculation that he was in dispute with buthelezi over how to handle the situation in natal .

Gow was for many years a close associate of Margaret Thatcher , the Prime Minister , having been her parliamentary private secretary during the first four years of her premiership in 1979-83 , and a member of her government as Minister of Housing in 1983-85 and a Minister of State at the Treasury from September to November 1985 .
gow was for many years a close [colleague] of margaret thatcher , the prime minister , having been her parliamentary private secretary during the first four years of her premiership in 1979-83 , and a member of her government as minister of housing in 1983-85 and a minister of state at the treasury from september to november 1985 .

One of the leaders of the coup attempt was believed to have been the renegade colonel , Gregorio `` Gringo `` Honasan , a close associate of Enrile , whom the Senator was accused of having harboured in his home on the day before the coup attempt .
one of the leaders of the coup attempt was believed to have been the renegade colonel , gregorio `` gringo `` honasan , a close [colleague] of enrile , whom the senator was accused of having harboured in his home on the day before the coup attempt .

It nevertheless seems clear that the brand of Whiggery we associate with the Walpolean ascendancy of the 1720s and 1730s was very different from that which had been predominant for much of the later-Stuart period .
it nevertheless seems clear that the brand of whiggery we [colleague] with the walpolean ascendancy of the 1720s and 1730s was very different from that which had been predominant for much of the later-stuart period .

Even Gregory did not associate Clovis 's campaign against Gundobad with Chlothild 's desire for vengeance .
even gregory did not [colleague] clovis 's campaign against gundobad with chlothild 's desire for vengeance .

Why then did Gregory specifically associate him with Chlodomer 's invasion of 524 ?
why then did gregory specifically [colleague] him with chlodomer 's invasion of 524 ?

For a modern historian to associate the Pactus with any individual among the early Merovingian kings on the basis of the epilogue is thus unwarranted .
for a modern historian to [colleague] the pactus with any individual among the early merovingian kings on the basis of the epilogue is thus unwarranted .

Since St Petersburg University also employed Konstantin Kavelin ( the prime advocate of conferring land as well as liberty on the peasants ) , Vladimir Spasovich ( an enthusiastic Polish nationalist ) , Aleksandr Pypin ( a cousin of the trenchant journalist Nikolai Chernyshevskii ) and Boris Utin ( a former associate of Mikhail Petrashevskii ) , it could have been said to represent almost all the forward-looking opinions of the day .
since st petersburg university also employed konstantin kavelin ( the prime advocate of conferring land as well as liberty on the peasants ) , vladimir spasovich ( an enthusiastic polish nationalist ) , aleksandr pypin ( a cousin of the trenchant journalist nikolai chernyshevskii ) and boris utin ( a former [colleague] of mikhail petrashevskii ) , it could have been said to represent almost all the forward-looking opinions of the day .

The `` we-group solidarity which we associate with the intimacy of kinship , in the sense just described , tends to ramify outwards through the whole social system .
the `` we-group solidarity which we [colleague] with the intimacy of kinship , in the sense just described , tends to ramify outwards through the whole social system .

When he observes the actual performance he may find it difficult to associate what he has seen with what he had been led to expect .
when he observes the actual performance he may find it difficult to [colleague] what he has seen with what he had been led to expect .

acting as principal in any transaction relating to an investment . This limitation does not apply to any transaction for the Firm 's own account or for the accounts of an Associate provided that such transactions :
acting as principal in any transaction relating to an investment . this limitation does not apply to any transaction for the firm 's own account or for the accounts of an [colleague] provided that such transactions :

The innovatory use of associate staff within the maintained sector has been explored by the grant-holders in an earlier study , funded by the Department for Education .
the innovatory use of [colleague] staff within the maintained sector has been explored by the grant-holders in an earlier study , funded by the department for education .

He said all members of the Defence Forces signed an oath when they joined pledging that they would not associate with illegal organisations and this new vetting measure was an insult to those who risked their lives in the fight against terrorism .
he said all members of the defence forces signed an oath when they joined pledging that they would not [colleague] with illegal organisations and this new vetting measure was an insult to those who risked their lives in the fight against terrorism .

’ While the government later indicated that it had merely given drafting assistance , it is abundantly clear that its influence on the Bill was much more than one would normally associate with drafting assistance .
’ while the government later indicated that it had merely given drafting assistance , it is abundantly clear that its influence on the bill was much more than one would normally [colleague] with drafting assistance .

If there is any truth , then , in the tradition of the connection between Seyyid Serif and Molla Fenari and one must beware here of the very common tendency of writers to associate great figures of the past with each other , sometimes in flagrant defiance of the facts and if the facts about the former are reasonably accurate , Molla Fenari would have arrived in Egypt about 772/1370 .
if there is any truth , then , in the tradition of the connection between seyyid serif and molla fenari and one must beware here of the very common tendency of writers to [colleague] great figures of the past with each other , sometimes in flagrant defiance of the facts and if the facts about the former are reasonably accurate , molla fenari would have arrived in egypt about 772/1370 .

To return to Molla Fenari , one can not then determine with any certainty the date of his journey to Egypt since it is impossible to assert confidently which of the seemingly contradictory facts or sets of facts-Ibn Hajar 's statement that he made the journey in 778 , Taskopruzade 's statement that he went in company with Seyyid Serif , Taskopruzade 's association of Seyyid Serif 's arrival in Karaman with Cemaleddin Aksarayi 's death , and so on-deserves most weight , though perhaps the specific nature of Ibn Hajar 's date argues in its favour while , equally , the slight suspicion which always attaches to attempts to associate great figures of the past argues against the association of Molla Fenari and Seyyid Serif .
to return to molla fenari , one can not then determine with any certainty the date of his journey to egypt since it is impossible to assert confidently which of the seemingly contradictory facts or sets of facts-ibn hajar 's statement that he made the journey in 778 , taskopruzade 's statement that he went in company with seyyid serif , taskopruzade 's association of seyyid serif 's arrival in karaman with cemaleddin aksarayi 's death , and so on-deserves most weight , though perhaps the specific nature of ibn hajar 's date argues in its favour while , equally , the slight suspicion which always attaches to attempts to [colleague] great figures of the past argues against the association of molla fenari and seyyid serif .

The book , by Ginsberg and Kerouac 's associate William Burroughs , was still illegal at the time .
the book , by ginsberg and kerouac 's [colleague] william burroughs , was still illegal at the time .

‘ It was done man ’ , he told a young associate on It , ‘ We 've done all that .
‘ it was done man ’ , he told a young [colleague] on it , ‘ we 've done all that .

The blood-red surround to the child again emphasises the raw reality of childbirth and is placed against the blue which we traditionally associate with the Madonna .
the blood-red surround to the child again emphasises the raw reality of childbirth and is placed against the blue which we traditionally [colleague] with the madonna .

The author 's name given at the end was the Reverend Hereward Marr , Associate of the Society of St Sylvester .
the author 's name given at the end was the reverend hereward marr , [colleague] of the society of st sylvester .

Surgery is not a role many people associate with robots .
surgery is not a role many people [colleague] with robots .

Ronald Magill , who later became known to millions of television viewers as Amos Brearly in Emmerdale , was then an actor at the Nottingham Playhouse , as well as its associate director , and spoke the first words in the new theatre .
ronald magill , who later became known to millions of television viewers as amos brearly in emmerdale , was then an actor at the nottingham playhouse , as well as its [colleague] director , and spoke the first words in the new theatre .

, whose associate producer , Roger Edens , had seen Crawford in Black Comedy and in the film The Jokers .
, whose [colleague] producer , roger edens , had seen crawford in black comedy and in the film the jokers .

The Grand Trunk Canal promoted by him and his merchant associate Thomas Bently was set afoot in 1766 after the Duke of Bridgewater had already moved the line of his Runcorn cut to meet up at its northern end and complete the joining of the Trent and Mersey .
the grand trunk canal promoted by him and his merchant [colleague] thomas bently was set afoot in 1766 after the duke of bridgewater had already moved the line of his runcorn cut to meet up at its northern end and complete the joining of the trent and mersey .

She could not associate him with any loss of dignity , or credit , or grace , not because he felt these too nearly and jealously , but because he wore and used them with as little thought as the breath he drew , and they were as natural a part of him , and like breath , when they left him they would leave him dead .
she could not [colleague] him with any loss of dignity , or credit , or grace , not because he felt these too nearly and jealously , but because he wore and used them with as little thought as the breath he drew , and they were as natural a part of him , and like breath , when they left him they would leave him dead .

The principal action of the morphological processor is to associate a word with its morphological root ( e.g .
the principal action of the morphological processor is to [colleague] a word with its morphological root ( e.g .

Does my right hon. and learned Friend agree with my right hon. Friend the Member for Northavon ( Mr. Cope ) that the crash in the tunnel was frightening , but that the problem was not caused by junctions , so we should not associate what happened at Purley , for example , with what happened in the Severn tunnel ? Is my right hon. and learned Friend familiar with the automatic warning system of the Great Western railway , which has kept this tunnel and hundreds of miles of railway line safe for years ?
does my right hon. and learned friend agree with my right hon. friend the member for northavon ( mr. cope ) that the crash in the tunnel was frightening , but that the problem was not caused by junctions , so we should not [colleague] what happened at purley , for example , with what happened in the severn tunnel ? is my right hon. and learned friend familiar with the automatic warning system of the great western railway , which has kept this tunnel and hundreds of miles of railway line safe for years ?

Is the Minister aware that , in Sunderland , we have recently had a taste of the Government 's competition policy , because private companies have won the contracts from the local education authority to provide school meals and from the health authority to clean health centres ? Those companies propose to reduce the hours of the already not well paid workers to below the level where those companies have to pay national insurance and take responsibility for pension payments , sick pay and holiday pay — all the things that we used quaintly to associate with civilisation . Will the Minister accept that many decent people will not accept cheaper services at the cost of rubbing the noses of people who are already quite-downtrodden in the dogma with which the Government have come up ?
is the minister aware that , in sunderland , we have recently had a taste of the government 's competition policy , because private companies have won the contracts from the local education authority to provide school meals and from the health authority to clean health centres ? those companies propose to reduce the hours of the already not well paid workers to below the level where those companies have to pay national insurance and take responsibility for pension payments , sick pay and holiday pay — all the things that we used quaintly to [colleague] with civilisation . will the minister accept that many decent people will not accept cheaper services at the cost of rubbing the noses of people who are already quite-downtrodden in the dogma with which the government have come up ?

The accounts of nationalism given by liberal thinkers , who associate it with the bourgeois struggle for democracy , and by the Austro-Marxists who see it as one feature in the rise and consolidation of the capitalist mode of production , merging at a later stage into imperialism , do not exhaust the various conceptions of the phenomenon .
the accounts of nationalism given by liberal thinkers , who [colleague] it with the bourgeois struggle for democracy , and by the austro-marxists who see it as one feature in the rise and consolidation of the capitalist mode of production , merging at a later stage into imperialism , do not exhaust the various conceptions of the phenomenon .

He could not associate her with panic .
he could not [colleague] her with panic .

We have seen that it is sometimes possible to sort out the observed vibrational bands according to their symmetry , and that group frequency and similar empirical arguments may make it reasonable to associate bands with particular vibrational modes .
we have seen that it is sometimes possible to sort out the observed vibrational bands according to their symmetry , and that group frequency and similar empirical arguments may make it reasonable to [colleague] bands with particular vibrational modes .

Research associate or research assistant
research [colleague] or research assistant

There was that confident murmur of well-bred voices which Julia was beginning to associate with a certain sort of English gathering .
there was that confident murmur of well-bred voices which julia was beginning to [colleague] with a certain sort of english gathering .

It was a smell he had come to associate with Auguste Didier 's kitchens , and after an hour in Naseby 's company , it was all the more welcome .
it was a smell he had come to [colleague] with auguste didier 's kitchens , and after an hour in naseby 's company , it was all the more welcome .

But he studied part time to become , first an Associate of the Royal Society of Chemistry , and then , in 1980 , a Fellow of the Society — its highest accolade .
but he studied part time to become , first an [colleague] of the royal society of chemistry , and then , in 1980 , a fellow of the society — its highest accolade .

Innocent did not associate Philip with the murder , but relentlessly sought the true murderers who were finally brought to justice in Rome in April 1203 and sent to the Holy Land .
innocent did not [colleague] philip with the murder , but relentlessly sought the true murderers who were finally brought to justice in rome in april 1203 and sent to the holy land .

For any sample size there will be an inverse relationship between these ; the smaller the range specified , the lower the probability of accuracy it will be possible to associate with it .
for any sample size there will be an inverse relationship between these ; the smaller the range specified , the lower the probability of accuracy it will be possible to [colleague] with it .

Those who ceased to associate with such organizations within one month of the law coming into effect would be exempt from punishment .
those who ceased to [colleague] with such organizations within one month of the law coming into effect would be exempt from punishment .

Membership 168 countries ( including the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia which acceded in May 1991 , when the island of Tokelau became an associate member ) .
membership 168 countries ( including the marshall islands and the federated states of micronesia which acceded in may 1991 , when the island of tokelau became an [colleague] member ) .

The Committee was chaired by Robert Kocharyan , a close associate of the Armenian President and a leading member of the Armenian Pan-National Movement .
the committee was chaired by robert kocharyan , a close [colleague] of the armenian president and a leading member of the armenian pan-national movement .

The fortunes of beleaguered Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa took a sharp downward turn on Jan. 13 with the arrest of Fumio Abe , a former Director-General of the Hokkaido and Okinawa Development Agencies ( with Minister of State status in the Cabinet ) and close associate of Miyazawa , for allegedly accepting bribes from the Kyowa Corp during his tenure of the office between August 1989 and January 1990 .
the fortunes of beleaguered prime minister kiichi miyazawa took a sharp downward turn on jan. 13 with the arrest of fumio abe , a former director-general of the hokkaido and okinawa development agencies ( with minister of state status in the cabinet ) and close [colleague] of miyazawa , for allegedly accepting bribes from the kyowa corp during his tenure of the office between august 1989 and january 1990 .

The estranged cousin of Aquino and a former Marcos associate , Cojuangco was supported by a faction of the Liberal Party , and by his faction of the Nacionalista Party .
the estranged cousin of aquino and a former marcos [colleague] , cojuangco was supported by a faction of the liberal party , and by his faction of the nacionalista party .

He was succeeded on June 22 by Javier Solana Madariaga , 50 , who had been Minister of Education and Science since 1988 and was regarded as a close associate of Prime Minister Felipe González .
he was succeeded on june 22 by javier solana madariaga , 50 , who had been minister of education and science since 1988 and was regarded as a close [colleague] of prime minister felipe gonzález .

Addressing a press conference on June 23 , French Finance Minister Pierre Bérégovoy said that while some countries favoured associate membership for the Soviet Union , others had regarded it as a transitional status .
addressing a press conference on june 23 , french finance minister pierre bérégovoy said that while some countries favoured [colleague] membership for the soviet union , others had regarded it as a transitional status .

Associate Members : British Virgin Islands , Turks and Caicos Islands .
[colleague] members : british virgin islands , turks and caicos islands .

Nelson Mandela , 72 , hitherto deputy president , was elected unopposed as president , with Walter Sisulu , 79 , a former political prisoner and close associate of Mandela , as deputy president .
nelson mandela , 72 , hitherto deputy president , was elected unopposed as president , with walter sisulu , 79 , a former political prisoner and close [colleague] of mandela , as deputy president .

Although the strong campaign of Cojuangco — a close associate of Marcos — illustrated the continuing strength of a powerful and wealthy political machine , it was considered highly significant that the other two front-runners of the campaign , Ramos and Santiago , both stood as outsiders who lacked the support of established political parties .
although the strong campaign of cojuangco — a close [colleague] of marcos — illustrated the continuing strength of a powerful and wealthy political machine , it was considered highly significant that the other two front-runners of the campaign , ramos and santiago , both stood as outsiders who lacked the support of established political parties .

Alan Bond , one of Australia 's most flamboyant entrepreneurs and former chairman of Bond Corporation Holdings , was arrested on Dec. 6 following an investigation into the November 1988 collapse of Rothwells Ltd. , a merchant bank run by his friend and business associate Laurie Connell .
alan bond , one of australia 's most flamboyant entrepreneurs and former chairman of bond corporation holdings , was arrested on dec. 6 following an investigation into the november 1988 collapse of rothwells ltd. , a merchant bank run by his friend and business [colleague] laurie connell .

The successful candidate had been imposed by the Labour Party nationally after it had refused to place on the selection short-list the locally preferred nominee , Ken Capstick , who was a close associate of Arthur Scargill , president of the National Union of Mineworkers .
the successful candidate had been imposed by the labour party nationally after it had refused to place on the selection short-list the locally preferred nominee , ken capstick , who was a close [colleague] of arthur scargill , president of the national union of mineworkers .

Bond was arrested on Dec. 6 following an investigation into the 1988 collapse of Rothwells Ltd. , a merchant bank run by his business associate , Laurie Connell [ see p. 37920 ] .
bond was arrested on dec. 6 following an investigation into the 1988 collapse of rothwells ltd. , a merchant bank run by his business [colleague] , laurie connell [ see p. 37920 ] .

The Republic of Nauru , which achieved independence in January 1967 , is an associate member of the Commonwealth .
the republic of nauru , which achieved independence in january 1967 , is an [colleague] member of the commonwealth .

Sergio Moroni , a Socialist deputy for Milan and a close associate of Craxi , committed suicide on Sept. 2 , the third and most prominent person under investigation in the Milan scandal to do so .
sergio moroni , a socialist deputy for milan and a close [colleague] of craxi , committed suicide on sept. 2 , the third and most prominent person under investigation in the milan scandal to do so .

Butros Khwand , a senior member of the Al-Kata'eb ( Phalangist Party ) and close associate of Geagea , was abducted by unidentified gunmen on Sept. 15 from his home in the Sin el-Fil district of Beirut .
butros khwand , a senior member of the al-kata'eb ( phalangist party ) and close [colleague] of geagea , was abducted by unidentified gunmen on sept. 15 from his home in the sin el-fil district of beirut .

The Republic of Nauru , which achieved independence in January 1967 , is an associate member of the Commonwealth .
the republic of nauru , which achieved independence in january 1967 , is an [colleague] member of the commonwealth .

His close associate Klaus Barbie had been sentenced for crimes against humanity in 1987 [ see p. 35417 ] and had died in prison in 1991 [ see p. 38459 ] .
his close [colleague] klaus barbie had been sentenced for crimes against humanity in 1987 [ see p. 35417 ] and had died in prison in 1991 [ see p. 38459 ] .

The General 's popularity soon rebounded , largely because voters tended not to associate unpopular aspects of his government 's domestic policy with him and because his foreign initiatives were generally well received .
the general 's popularity soon rebounded , largely because voters tended not to [colleague] unpopular aspects of his government 's domestic policy with him and because his foreign initiatives were generally well received .

associate ;
[colleague] ;

( 3 ) The losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this Rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the Solicitors Indemnity Fund .
( 3 ) the losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or [colleague] in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the solicitors indemnity fund .

Or have been an associate for four years and a member for six years
or have been an [colleague] for four years and a member for six years

Or have held the associate grade for at least four years .
or have held the [colleague] grade for at least four years .

The Miller , he states : and immediately before the tale commences he repeats the point : However doubtful we should be about attempts to associate the emergence of the medieval fabliau with any particular social class , it is significant that Chaucer wishes to represent the fabliau in precisely such terms .
the miller , he states : and immediately before the tale commences he repeats the point : however doubtful we should be about attempts to [colleague] the emergence of the medieval fabliau with any particular social class , it is significant that chaucer wishes to represent the fabliau in precisely such terms .

Our congratulations go to two Trainers , who will shortly be taking up new appointments — Joan Gatfield has been appointed as Associate Lecturer at Southwark and Hilary Weedon is now Senior Liaison Officer of the National Childrens Play and Recreation Unit of the Sports Council .
our congratulations go to two trainers , who will shortly be taking up new appointments — joan gatfield has been appointed as [colleague] lecturer at southwark and hilary weedon is now senior liaison officer of the national childrens play and recreation unit of the sports council .

That to situates the bare infinitive 's event as an after-position with respect to something else explains why so many grammarians associate the to infinitive in some or all of its uses with notions such as `` future `` ( Wierzbicka 1988 : 188 ) , `` mere potentiality for action `` ( Quirk et al .
that to situates the bare infinitive 's event as an after-position with respect to something else explains why so many grammarians [colleague] the to infinitive in some or all of its uses with notions such as `` future `` ( wierzbicka 1988 : 188 ) , `` mere potentiality for action `` ( quirk et al .

Many of the flavours we associate with Easter are from spices .
many of the flavours we [colleague] with easter are from spices .

But Wolf 's concern for `` stimulus `` and `` suggestion `` was , ultimately , a means to an end that might be defined very much in terms of `` knowledge `` and not at all in terms of cultural purpose such as one would associate with a figure like Lessing .
but wolf 's concern for `` stimulus `` and `` suggestion `` was , ultimately , a means to an end that might be defined very much in terms of `` knowledge `` and not at all in terms of cultural purpose such as one would [colleague] with a figure like lessing .

But while you can be just as sure as you ever were about the quality of what you choose , the kind of toys on offer from Matchbox now are very different from the huge fleet of little cars most of us associate with this particular name .
but while you can be just as sure as you ever were about the quality of what you choose , the kind of toys on offer from matchbox now are very different from the huge fleet of little cars most of us [colleague] with this particular name .

When learning the names of objects , have the objects or pictures of them before you , so that you associate the word you are learning with the object rather than through translation .
when learning the names of objects , have the objects or pictures of them before you , so that you [colleague] the word you are learning with the object rather than through translation .

David had come to associate the noise of the Hoover with post-coital sadness .
david had come to [colleague] the noise of the hoover with post-coital sadness .

whether teachers associate subsequent change in school with use of the booklet ;
whether teachers [colleague] subsequent change in school with use of the booklet ;

To have used the booklet is associated with more positive attitudes towards its general utility ; teachers who recall it well hold more positive attitudes towards its general utility and flexibility and effectiveness than those who have not ; as might be expected , teachers who associate changes in school with the use of the booklet hold more positive attitudes towards its general utility than those who do not ; teachers in schools in the less prosperous northern part of the borough are less negative with respect to its efficiency .
to have used the booklet is associated with more positive attitudes towards its general utility ; teachers who recall it well hold more positive attitudes towards its general utility and flexibility and effectiveness than those who have not ; as might be expected , teachers who [colleague] changes in school with the use of the booklet hold more positive attitudes towards its general utility than those who do not ; teachers in schools in the less prosperous northern part of the borough are less negative with respect to its efficiency .

He accepted that people had a right to prefer buildings ‘ such as custom and habit associate with the name of ‘ church ’ ’ .
he accepted that people had a right to prefer buildings ‘ such as custom and habit [colleague] with the name of ‘ church ’ ’ .

However , if we choose to confront the horse , and to fight it out , the horse will always associate having its feet picked up with anger and fear , and it will always be difficult .
however , if we choose to confront the horse , and to fight it out , the horse will always [colleague] having its feet picked up with anger and fear , and it will always be difficult .

The horse has learnt to associate people with distress or pain , and will suffer chronic anxiety and possibly many problems as a result .
the horse has learnt to [colleague] people with distress or pain , and will suffer chronic anxiety and possibly many problems as a result .

However , we do n't want the horse to get really angry , and to associate having its legs brushed with anger and a need to kick .
however , we do n't want the horse to get really angry , and to [colleague] having its legs brushed with anger and a need to kick .

The ad people know that girls are watching and that they can attract them and form their ideas by making the girl associate their product with a particular image — so that when she is looking at a hair gel in a chemist 's , that will conjure up for her the image of the model used to advertise it , and make her want to look that way herself , and want to buy it .
the ad people know that girls are watching and that they can attract them and form their ideas by making the girl [colleague] their product with a particular image — so that when she is looking at a hair gel in a chemist 's , that will conjure up for her the image of the model used to advertise it , and make her want to look that way herself , and want to buy it .

But , for a long time , she had neither the intelligence nor the insight to associate them with herself .
but , for a long time , she had neither the intelligence nor the insight to [colleague] them with herself .

For this first Covent Garden production in the original Russian of Prokofiev 's disturbingly enigmatic work , David Freeman and his associate producer Robert Chevara have completely entered into its strangely unnerving world .
for this first covent garden production in the original russian of prokofiev 's disturbingly enigmatic work , david freeman and his [colleague] producer robert chevara have completely entered into its strangely unnerving world .

The prime reason for encircling dolphins to catch yellowfin tuna is that the tuna which associate with dolphins tend to be larger , and command a higher market price .
the prime reason for encircling dolphins to catch yellowfin tuna is that the tuna which [colleague] with dolphins tend to be larger , and command a higher market price .

‘ The idea is just to associate sounds with as many events as possible , and to hold off worrying about how useful they are , ’ Gaver replies .
‘ the idea is just to [colleague] sounds with as many events as possible , and to hold off worrying about how useful they are , ’ gaver replies .

Last week the Springfield court heard that Malik , known in Pakistan as the ‘ Black Prince ’ , had plotted to kill Zia together with a Jordanian drug associate , Sanir Hashemi .
last week the springfield court heard that malik , known in pakistan as the ‘ black prince ’ , had plotted to kill zia together with a jordanian drug [colleague] , sanir hashemi .

Ms Margie Profet , a research associate at the University of California , believes the accompanying aversion to certain foods , tastes and smells may help the mother to avoid more toxic foods .
ms margie profet , a research [colleague] at the university of california , believes the accompanying aversion to certain foods , tastes and smells may help the mother to avoid more toxic foods .

German federalism is merely a cloak thrown over the relatively strong regionalism Which persists in Germany , and it was a system adopted by Germany , with the Allies ' approval , after the war as a way of preventing a return of totalitarianism , which is why the Germans associate federalism with the opposite of centralised power .
german federalism is merely a cloak thrown over the relatively strong regionalism which persists in germany , and it was a system adopted by germany , with the allies ' approval , after the war as a way of preventing a return of totalitarianism , which is why the germans [colleague] federalism with the opposite of centralised power .

This would naturally associate with relatively solitary living in separate territories .
this would naturally [colleague] with relatively solitary living in separate territories .

Perhaps the most impressive of these was Loughborough College where that fine , sensitive associate of Peter Slade and Brian Way , Stan Evernden , was the first lecturer to evolve a student-centred drama course for potential teachers .
perhaps the most impressive of these was loughborough college where that fine , sensitive [colleague] of peter slade and brian way , stan evernden , was the first lecturer to evolve a student-centred drama course for potential teachers .

In the Qur'an , which is the most sacred text of Moslems , God is more often described in terms of generalised epithets that we normally associate with human life — for instance , Hearer , Keeper , Guide and Pardoner .
in the qur'an , which is the most sacred text of moslems , god is more often described in terms of generalised epithets that we normally [colleague] with human life — for instance , hearer , keeper , guide and pardoner .

If we were to refer to the light , we would not associate it with an individual object .
if we were to refer to the light , we would not [colleague] it with an individual object .

Calling God ‘ personal ’ is partly the product of a desire to associate with Him what we most value in ourselves and our environment .
calling god ‘ personal ’ is partly the product of a desire to [colleague] with him what we most value in ourselves and our environment .

Is it possible to associate God with particular events without such a presumption ?
is it possible to [colleague] god with particular events without such a presumption ?

the Directors be authorised to establish any further employee share option scheme which they consider appropriate for employees of the Company or any subsidiary or associate of the Company who are resident or working outside the United Kingdom , provided that :
the directors be authorised to establish any further employee share option scheme which they consider appropriate for employees of the company or any subsidiary or [colleague] of the company who are resident or working outside the united kingdom , provided that :

The person who is terrified of storms , while restraining him or herself from hiding in the hall cupboard , will still give off an aura of anxiety to a child who will then come automatically to associate fear with the sound of thunder .
the person who is terrified of storms , while restraining him or herself from hiding in the hall cupboard , will still give off an aura of anxiety to a child who will then come automatically to [colleague] fear with the sound of thunder .

Some of our best writers are on the staff of the magazine , and one of them is Associate Editor Anne Boston .
some of our best writers are on the staff of the magazine , and one of them is [colleague] editor anne boston .

His first important conservation scheme in Leeds was for the conversion of St Paul 's House , a Moorish-style Victorian warehouse in Park Square , which he designed while an Associate at Booth Shaw and Partners in 1970 .
his first important conservation scheme in leeds was for the conversion of st paul 's house , a moorish-style victorian warehouse in park square , which he designed while an [colleague] at booth shaw and partners in 1970 .

One paragraph in Mr de Klerk 's statement on Tuesday announcing the release of Mr Mandela 's old associate Walter Sisulu provided the final piece of the jigsaw .
one paragraph in mr de klerk 's statement on tuesday announcing the release of mr mandela 's old [colleague] walter sisulu provided the final piece of the jigsaw .

Narasimhan Ram , associate editor of The Hindu , a Madras-based daily , said at a press conference that it had been preparing to publish documents about the £550m Bofors contract to supply the Indian army with 155mm howitzers .
narasimhan ram , [colleague] editor of the hindu , a madras-based daily , said at a press conference that it had been preparing to publish documents about the £550m bofors contract to supply the indian army with 155mm howitzers .

This makes the anthropologist at the least an uncomfortable associate , at the worst seem ‘ dirty ’ , ‘ dangerous ’ or even ‘ subversive ’ .
this makes the anthropologist at the least an uncomfortable [colleague] , at the worst seem ‘ dirty ’ , ‘ dangerous ’ or even ‘ subversive ’ .

The Emperor has something of the technique of comic and fantastic exaggeration that we associate with Dickens , and something of the manner , too , of Dickens 's reader , Kafka :
the emperor has something of the technique of comic and fantastic exaggeration that we [colleague] with dickens , and something of the manner , too , of dickens 's reader , kafka :

‘ The chefs who have signed on are leading a new golden era of culinary craft , ’ said Peter Taylor , associate director of the academy .
‘ the chefs who have signed on are leading a new golden era of culinary craft , ’ said peter taylor , [colleague] director of the academy .

In the words of a close associate of mine , and professional northerner to boot , ‘ It was just a platform for a load of posey , irrelevant southerners to use The Smiths to gain publicity .
in the words of a close [colleague] of mine , and professional northerner to boot , ‘ it was just a platform for a load of posey , irrelevant southerners to use the smiths to gain publicity .

Do not immediately put him on the lead , for this will reinforce the idea that when he comes back to you , he is immediately going to be taken home and , in future , will associate coming to you with the end of the walk or game .
do not immediately put him on the lead , for this will reinforce the idea that when he comes back to you , he is immediately going to be taken home and , in future , will [colleague] coming to you with the end of the walk or game .

By self-determination we mean the right for us to associate and integrate with the unitary state , or , as a nation , to secede .
by self-determination we mean the right for us to [colleague] and integrate with the unitary state , or , as a nation , to secede .

’ Certainly it would be wrong to associate anti-Bolshevik sentiment with religious persecution in too many cases .
’ certainly it would be wrong to [colleague] anti-bolshevik sentiment with religious persecution in too many cases .

According to Lotus associate director Albert Adams — a world authority on composites and the man who , 30 years ago , was told by Chapman to ‘ learn all about glass-fibre ’ — it could be from the escalating costs of tooling up for pressed-steel car production .
according to lotus [colleague] director albert adams — a world authority on composites and the man who , 30 years ago , was told by chapman to ‘ learn all about glass-fibre ’ — it could be from the escalating costs of tooling up for pressed-steel car production .

Life as ritual and art is a belief we associate very much with those ‘ long-forgotten ’ Nineties when sins were still scarlet against which Eliot professed to be reacting in 1917 when he declared that their ‘ aesthetic eccentricities may now be ignored ’ .
life as ritual and art is a belief we [colleague] very much with those ‘ long-forgotten ’ nineties when sins were still scarlet against which eliot professed to be reacting in 1917 when he declared that their ‘ aesthetic eccentricities may now be ignored ’ .

The most important figure in the latter group is Bunting himself , so little read these days that many readers will need to be told that the title of Davie 's history refers to his masterpiece Briggflatts ( 1966 ) . Why the neglect ? Partly , Davie believes , because the British are now too ignorant of prosody to be able to hear Bunting 's precise , subtle music ; partly because , as an associate of Pound and Zukovsky , he is ‘ an embarrassment to the numerous English historians who would have it that modernism in poetry was a temporary , American-inspired distraction from a native tradition … ’
the most important figure in the latter group is bunting himself , so little read these days that many readers will need to be told that the title of davie 's history refers to his masterpiece briggflatts ( 1966 ) . why the neglect ? partly , davie believes , because the british are now too ignorant of prosody to be able to hear bunting 's precise , subtle music ; partly because , as an [colleague] of pound and zukovsky , he is ‘ an embarrassment to the numerous english historians who would have it that modernism in poetry was a temporary , american-inspired distraction from a native tradition … ’

The reliquary was held by Capricorn in a secure vault at an address in St John 's Wood , north London , which belonged to an associate company of Capricorn .
the reliquary was held by capricorn in a secure vault at an address in st john 's wood , north london , which belonged to an [colleague] company of capricorn .

He returned to England to gain his doctorate from London University , and from 1923 to 1935 he was Associate Professor of Engineering at the University of British Columbia .
he returned to england to gain his doctorate from london university , and from 1923 to 1935 he was [colleague] professor of engineering at the university of british columbia .

He is also an Honorary Research Associate in the Department of Psychology at the University of Manchester .
he is also an honorary research [colleague] in the department of psychology at the university of manchester .

At its peak the Association had around 250 members , most of them full members resident in Lewis , but there was a small number of associate members who received reports but did not participate in their formulation .
at its peak the association had around 250 members , most of them full members resident in lewis , but there was a small number of [colleague] members who received reports but did not participate in their formulation .

The associate members included , among others , Sir Frank Fraser Darling and Charles Cadzow of the Scottish Agricultural Organisation Society .
the [colleague] members included , among others , sir frank fraser darling and charles cadzow of the scottish agricultural organisation society .

After a day of legal drama mixed with financial farce , he was last night ‘ working on two or three options ’ , according to an associate , ‘ before deciding which one he 's going to run with ’ .
after a day of legal drama mixed with financial farce , he was last night ‘ working on two or three options ’ , according to an [colleague] , ‘ before deciding which one he 's going to run with ’ .

Later he studied with Herbert Sumsion , and was made an Associate of the Royal College of Organists in 1957 when he was awarded the Limpus and Read prizes .
later he studied with herbert sumsion , and was made an [colleague] of the royal college of organists in 1957 when he was awarded the limpus and read prizes .

Like the others , Mr Minnah was of the Mende tribe , and an associate of the previous president , Dr Siaka Stevens .
like the others , mr minnah was of the mende tribe , and an [colleague] of the previous president , dr siaka stevens .

Mr Devaty , a former spokesman for the Charter 77 rights group and an associate of the dissident playwright , Vaclav Havel , is , like Mr Havel , one of four organisers of the ‘ Several Sentences ’ petition for political reform and liberalisation , which more than 30,000 people have signed since its launch in June .
mr devaty , a former spokesman for the charter 77 rights group and an [colleague] of the dissident playwright , vaclav havel , is , like mr havel , one of four organisers of the ‘ several sentences ’ petition for political reform and liberalisation , which more than 30,000 people have signed since its launch in june .

On hearing a bell ring before the appearance of food the animals quickly came to associate that sound with feeding time .
on hearing a bell ring before the appearance of food the animals quickly came to [colleague] that sound with feeding time .

The fact was that Churchill and Eden were not of like minds and did not associate closely until Churchill became Prime Minister in 1940 .
the fact was that churchill and eden were not of like minds and did not [colleague] closely until churchill became prime minister in 1940 .

It may sometimes be possible to associate together vessels which have inclusions with similar textural characteristics , and even to suggest possible sources .
it may sometimes be possible to [colleague] together vessels which have inclusions with similar textural characteristics , and even to suggest possible sources .

This is the basis of cross-dating : being able to associate a tree-ring sequence of unknown age with one of known age by matching one pattern with another .
this is the basis of cross-dating : being able to [colleague] a tree-ring sequence of unknown age with one of known age by matching one pattern with another .

It can therefore be used to associate paintings , if not to the same artist , at least geographically .
it can therefore be used to [colleague] paintings , if not to the same artist , at least geographically .

Enter the palace , walk from the antechamber with its remains of a Romanesque tower , then turn left to the Green Chamber bedecked with the emblems of the associate judges of the courts .
enter the palace , walk from the antechamber with its remains of a romanesque tower , then turn left to the green chamber bedecked with the emblems of the [colleague] judges of the courts .

‘ Complex , but not complicated ’ is how Fitch Benoy 's associate director Phil Wren describes the new offices/studios of Fitch-RS .
‘ complex , but not complicated ’ is how fitch benoy 's [colleague] director phil wren describes the new offices/studios of fitch-rs .

Seek to associate as wide a section of the community as possible with these demands , in particular the well-intentioned people in the Protestant population and the trade union movement .
seek to [colleague] as wide a section of the community as possible with these demands , in particular the well-intentioned people in the protestant population and the trade union movement .

In an analysis of verbal learning , Gibson ( 1940 ) argued that much of what must be learned in a paired associate task involves establishing discrimination among the items .
in an analysis of verbal learning , gibson ( 1940 ) argued that much of what must be learned in a paired [colleague] task involves establishing discrimination among the items .

The associative theory , on the other hand , predicts an advantage only on the first task , the associations being of no help , or perhaps even hindering , when symbols having a common associate require different responses .
the associative theory , on the other hand , predicts an advantage only on the first task , the associations being of no help , or perhaps even hindering , when symbols having a common [colleague] require different responses .

Mr Radovan Karadzic , the main Serbian leader in Bosnia , had threatened to attack unless Bosnian officials freed an associate held after sniping incidents , police said .
mr radovan karadzic , the main serbian leader in bosnia , had threatened to attack unless bosnian officials freed an [colleague] held after sniping incidents , police said .

Annie now embarked on her remarkable public career , first as an associate of the atheist Charles Bradlaugh in the National Secular Society , then as a Fabian socialist and strike leader ( of the London matchgirls ) , and as one of the first members of the London School Board .
annie now embarked on her remarkable public career , first as an [colleague] of the atheist charles bradlaugh in the national secular society , then as a fabian socialist and strike leader ( of the london matchgirls ) , and as one of the first members of the london school board .

In a new survey of the industry he said : ‘ Housebuilders appear to be using techniques to remove unsold homes from their balance sheets , including ‘ selling ’ houses to associate companies .
in a new survey of the industry he said : ‘ housebuilders appear to be using techniques to remove unsold homes from their balance sheets , including ‘ selling ’ houses to [colleague] companies .

This is not surprising as the dog 's capacity to associate a form of behaviour and the consequences of it are limited to less than two seconds .
this is not surprising as the dog 's capacity to [colleague] a form of behaviour and the consequences of it are limited to less than two seconds .

Perhaps it 's because we humans tend to associate protein with fitness and athleticism . Who knows ?
perhaps it 's because we humans tend to [colleague] protein with fitness and athleticism . who knows ?

Wilson 's task was to project his party as an alternative government and associate Labour with the agenda of the 1960s .
wilson 's task was to project his party as an alternative government and [colleague] labour with the agenda of the 1960s .

Already as a young man of twenty-four he had pressed Eliot 's claims upon his seniors , John Crowe Ransom and Donald Davidson , in the circle of the Nashville ‘ fugitives ’ ; and this initially provincial dispute was played out on a national stage as early as 1923 when , in the New York Evening Post Literary Review , Ransom , with the courtly composure that was to be his hallmark , tried to promote Robert Graves before Eliot , only to be taken to task in the same columns by his younger associate .
already as a young man of twenty-four he had pressed eliot 's claims upon his seniors , john crowe ransom and donald davidson , in the circle of the nashville ‘ fugitives ’ ; and this initially provincial dispute was played out on a national stage as early as 1923 when , in the new york evening post literary review , ransom , with the courtly composure that was to be his hallmark , tried to promote robert graves before eliot , only to be taken to task in the same columns by his younger [colleague] .

The literary histories invite us to associate such a belief in the unbreachable autonomy of art with haughty and disdainful decadents of the 1880s and 1890s .
the literary histories invite us to [colleague] such a belief in the unbreachable autonomy of art with haughty and disdainful decadents of the 1880s and 1890s .

Subordinate males , on the other hand , were friendlier towards the infants of high-ranking females , perhaps because their own rank might increase if they managed to associate themselves with such females .
subordinate males , on the other hand , were friendlier towards the infants of high-ranking females , perhaps because their own rank might increase if they managed to [colleague] themselves with such females .

This could lead to a democratic East Germany moving on a ‘ fast track ’ to a privileged form of associate membership of the Community ahead of other reforming East European states by virtues of its very close economic links with West Germany .
this could lead to a democratic east germany moving on a ‘ fast track ’ to a privileged form of [colleague] membership of the community ahead of other reforming east european states by virtues of its very close economic links with west germany .

The warning that Government community care policies may fail to halt the residential care boom comes from Professor Nick Bosanquet , professor of health policy at the University of London , and Dr Alistair Gray , a research associate at Wolfson College , Oxford .
the warning that government community care policies may fail to halt the residential care boom comes from professor nick bosanquet , professor of health policy at the university of london , and dr alistair gray , a research [colleague] at wolfson college , oxford .

Mrs Aquino also hinted that her Vice-President , Mr Salvador Laurel , and her first cousin and a Marcos associate , Mr Eduardo Cojuangco , were involved in the plot .
mrs aquino also hinted that her vice-president , mr salvador laurel , and her first cousin and a marcos [colleague] , mr eduardo cojuangco , were involved in the plot .

There is a narrow line between harness fund raising and commercial exploitation and within the thin financial margins that schools operate there may be a temptation to fudge issues and associate with producers and distributors of products that conflict with the school 's or parents ' values .
there is a narrow line between harness fund raising and commercial exploitation and within the thin financial margins that schools operate there may be a temptation to fudge issues and [colleague] with producers and distributors of products that conflict with the school 's or parents ' values .

This gesture is applauded by John Whitcombe , associate manager of the Overseas Development Administration 's plant sciences programme .
this gesture is applauded by john whitcombe , [colleague] manager of the overseas development administration 's plant sciences programme .

Leopold had already written to Padre Martini urging him to send a letter of recommendation to the Elector and , since Munich was on Mozart 's route from Paris to Salzburg , he suggested that his son intimate to the Elector , or to a close associate , that he had been offered a post at Salzburg with a salary of 700 or 800 gulden ( the actual salary was only 450 ) in the hope that a more rewarding appointment might be offered .
leopold had already written to padre martini urging him to send a letter of recommendation to the elector and , since munich was on mozart 's route from paris to salzburg , he suggested that his son intimate to the elector , or to a close [colleague] , that he had been offered a post at salzburg with a salary of 700 or 800 gulden ( the actual salary was only 450 ) in the hope that a more rewarding appointment might be offered .

Yes , he was a professor — an associate , not the holder of a chair , and did teach , but preferred to be referred to as Dr. Briant rather than professor .
yes , he was a professor — an [colleague] , not the holder of a chair , and did teach , but preferred to be referred to as dr. briant rather than professor .

Throughout 1985–86 North continued shipments of arms to Iran in a series of complex deals involving sleazy arms dealers , shady middlemen , Swiss numbered bank accounts , suitcases stuffed with dollar bills , and all the trappings of dishonest behaviour one would associate with drug smugglers and the Mafia rather than a member of the White House staff .
throughout 1985–86 north continued shipments of arms to iran in a series of complex deals involving sleazy arms dealers , shady middlemen , swiss numbered bank accounts , suitcases stuffed with dollar bills , and all the trappings of dishonest behaviour one would [colleague] with drug smugglers and the mafia rather than a member of the white house staff .

It is itself required for the fulfilment of the task we usually associate with political authority .
it is itself required for the fulfilment of the task we usually [colleague] with political authority .

The costumes for the Sadler 's Wells production were designed , at de Valois 's insistence , by Hedley Briggs , an old associate of hers , but they seem not to have differed materially from the ones by Hanns Ebensten which were used for the original Cape Town production .
the costumes for the sadler 's wells production were designed , at de valois 's insistence , by hedley briggs , an old [colleague] of hers , but they seem not to have differed materially from the ones by hanns ebensten which were used for the original cape town production .

Cells generally associate with those of their own class .
cells generally [colleague] with those of their own class .

To do this will involve discussion of concepts which you may not immediately associate with volcanoes : the fact that Africa and South America were once joined and later drifted apart ; that the direction which is customarily thought of as ‘ north ’ would , a few million years ago , have appeared to be ‘ south ’ on an ordinary magnetic compass .
to do this will involve discussion of concepts which you may not immediately [colleague] with volcanoes : the fact that africa and south america were once joined and later drifted apart ; that the direction which is customarily thought of as ‘ north ’ would , a few million years ago , have appeared to be ‘ south ’ on an ordinary magnetic compass .

They simply rebuilt the fallen walls , and carried on with their normal efficient and highly organized lives ; they did not associate the earthquake with Vesuvius , and there was no particular reason why they should .
they simply rebuilt the fallen walls , and carried on with their normal efficient and highly organized lives ; they did not [colleague] the earthquake with vesuvius , and there was no particular reason why they should .

The pumice that we know from painful experience in the bathroom consists of material containing over 65 per cent of silica , and there is a general tendency to associate pumice only with acid rocks such as rhyolites .
the pumice that we know from painful experience in the bathroom consists of material containing over 65 per cent of silica , and there is a general tendency to [colleague] pumice only with acid rocks such as rhyolites .

Kurt Nielsen , who died in Aalborg , Denmark on March 26 at the age of 79 , was responsible for giving cricket in Denmark the injection necessary to raise it from mediocrity to a worthy associate member of the International Cricket Council .
kurt nielsen , who died in aalborg , denmark on march 26 at the age of 79 , was responsible for giving cricket in denmark the injection necessary to raise it from mediocrity to a worthy [colleague] member of the international cricket council .

If you go for a number of interviews without success you may subconsciously associate your interview outfit with failure .
if you go for a number of interviews without success you may subconsciously [colleague] your interview outfit with failure .

Make a note of your problem , and the symptoms you associate with it , including when they started/got worse .
make a note of your problem , and the symptoms you [colleague] with it , including when they started/got worse .

They associate pleasure with the presence of mother and the fullness and satisfaction which follow sucking at her breast .
they [colleague] pleasure with the presence of mother and the fullness and satisfaction which follow sucking at her breast .

Nor do we easily associate ourselves with violent behaviour .
nor do we easily [colleague] ourselves with violent behaviour .

Not only is it not necessary to confine sex to the bedroom , it is disastrous to associate sexual activity with ‘ going to bed ’ .
not only is it not necessary to confine sex to the bedroom , it is disastrous to [colleague] sexual activity with ‘ going to bed ’ .

He had been an associate of Julius Streicher , the editor of Der Stürmer .
he had been an [colleague] of julius streicher , the editor of der stürmer .

Dr James Young , an associate of Michael Faraday , first mined the shale in 1851 at Torbane and refined paraffin from it , and the discovery started a sort of gold rush to the Lothians , where many small firms rose and soon fell .
dr james young , an [colleague] of michael faraday , first mined the shale in 1851 at torbane and refined paraffin from it , and the discovery started a sort of gold rush to the lothians , where many small firms rose and soon fell .

Fearing the discovery of this by Vendale , an English associate of the firm , he plans to kill him , and believes at first that he has done so .
fearing the discovery of this by vendale , an english [colleague] of the firm , he plans to kill him , and believes at first that he has done so .

First , we have no reason to associate pain with the possession of any one neural component .
first , we have no reason to [colleague] pain with the possession of any one neural component .

But pale eyes often held a far-away look which he tended to associate with insanity .
but pale eyes often held a far-away look which he tended to [colleague] with insanity .

However , William Gladstone is known to have recorded cylinders for Colonel Gouraud , an associate of Edison 's in London .
however , william gladstone is known to have recorded cylinders for colonel gouraud , an [colleague] of edison 's in london .

In order to become acquainted with our fears , we need to recognize some of the key outlooks and actions which we associate with fear .
in order to become acquainted with our fears , we need to recognize some of the key outlooks and actions which we [colleague] with fear .

This was the claim of her friend and associate Lee Lacey who said that he had received messages of love from Doris during her memorial service at the Friends ' Meeting House , Euston Road , London .
this was the claim of her friend and [colleague] lee lacey who said that he had received messages of love from doris during her memorial service at the friends ' meeting house , euston road , london .

The diploma ( at an examining fee of three guineas ) was , Coleman claimed , signed by people known to all Europe , and this would undoubtedly carry great weight in the country town in which the qualifying student might go to practise ; local medical men would see that the certificate must refer to men with whom they might safely associate .
the diploma ( at an examining fee of three guineas ) was , coleman claimed , signed by people known to all europe , and this would undoubtedly carry great weight in the country town in which the qualifying student might go to practise ; local medical men would see that the certificate must refer to men with whom they might safely [colleague] .

Lincoln Brower has shown that birds learn to avoid aposematic prey after very few ‘ trials ’ ( usually less than five ) , while Mariam Rothschild at Cambridge University has produced clear evidence that birds remember for many months to associate particular colour patterns in prey , with distasteful experiences .
lincoln brower has shown that birds learn to avoid aposematic prey after very few ‘ trials ’ ( usually less than five ) , while mariam rothschild at cambridge university has produced clear evidence that birds remember for many months to [colleague] particular colour patterns in prey , with distasteful experiences .

However , we still do not know why predators learn to associate distastefulness with bright coloration more easily than they would learn to associate distastefulness with a cryptic pattern .
however , we still do not know why predators learn to [colleague] distastefulness with bright coloration more easily than they would learn to [colleague] distastefulness with a cryptic pattern .

This species has small testes for its body size , even though the literature records that females associate with several males .
this species has small testes for its body size , even though the literature records that females [colleague] with several males .

Females associate with only a single male during times when they are most likely to conceive .
females [colleague] with only a single male during times when they are most likely to conceive .

It is hard to associate that picture with an analysis which shows the use of robots promoting employment .
it is hard to [colleague] that picture with an analysis which shows the use of robots promoting employment .

They prefer to associate with the machine rather than with human beings , although they may make exceptions for fellow hackers .
they prefer to [colleague] with the machine rather than with human beings , although they may make exceptions for fellow hackers .

Because we associate beacon fires with the rapid communication system of the Elizabethans , Watkins maintained , we had overlooked their equal usefulness as surveying instruments .
because we [colleague] beacon fires with the rapid communication system of the elizabethans , watkins maintained , we had overlooked their equal usefulness as surveying instruments .

Sir George Porter , of the Royal Institution in London , and George Pimentel , then associate professor of chemistry at the University of California at Berkeley , began work on exploiting matrix isolation in 1954 .
sir george porter , of the royal institution in london , and george pimentel , then [colleague] professor of chemistry at the university of california at berkeley , began work on exploiting matrix isolation in 1954 .

This was most forcefully brought to my attention during the formative stages of a literature-search project conducted by an associate and myself .
this was most forcefully brought to my attention during the formative stages of a literature-search project conducted by an [colleague] and myself .

‘ We ca n't do that , ’ my associate said , ‘ Quite right .
‘ we ca n't do that , ’ my [colleague] said , ‘ quite right .

So , logical and impressive as the associate flower learning of honey bees seems , these hard-working insects appear simply to be well-programmed learning machines , attending only to the cues deemed salient by evolution ( and then only in well-defined contexts and often during precise critical periods ) — and then filing the information thus obtained in pre-existing arrays .
so , logical and impressive as the [colleague] flower learning of honey bees seems , these hard-working insects appear simply to be well-programmed learning machines , attending only to the cues deemed salient by evolution ( and then only in well-defined contexts and often during precise critical periods ) — and then filing the information thus obtained in pre-existing arrays .

Others are virtually indistinguishable from the flowers with which they associate — so much so that smaller insects keep settling on them .
others are virtually indistinguishable from the flowers with which they [colleague] — so much so that smaller insects keep settling on them .

Its mystery does not affect the understanding of the Created God , for , to accord with the aims and claims of this book that mystery still rests in the pre-life period ; furthermore , it is possible to associate it with the concept of ‘ desire ’ put forward in the hypothesis associated with the Second Period .
its mystery does not affect the understanding of the created god , for , to accord with the aims and claims of this book that mystery still rests in the pre-life period ; furthermore , it is possible to [colleague] it with the concept of ‘ desire ’ put forward in the hypothesis associated with the second period .

It soon learns to associate the pleasure with colour and seeks the flowers .
it soon learns to [colleague] the pleasure with colour and seeks the flowers .

The tournament in the early twelfth century was a mock battle little different from the real thing : the highly organized jousting which we usually associate with such an event was only beginning to develop .
the tournament in the early twelfth century was a mock battle little different from the real thing : the highly organized jousting which we usually [colleague] with such an event was only beginning to develop .

Some people associate cats with warmth , friendliness , softness , comfort , the domestic scene , and the home .
some people [colleague] cats with warmth , friendliness , softness , comfort , the domestic scene , and the home .

Others associate cats with the sinister , the slinky , the secretive , the sly — ‘ Aaughh !
others [colleague] cats with the sinister , the slinky , the secretive , the sly — ‘ aaughh !

They start unmotivated and soon associate learning to read with failure and frustration .
they start unmotivated and soon [colleague] learning to read with failure and frustration .

Many people associate the Alexander Technique with putting particular parts of the body into certain positions which they then hold in place thinking that this is improved posture .
many people [colleague] the alexander technique with putting particular parts of the body into certain positions which they then hold in place thinking that this is improved posture .

Ken Greenley , course leader , Vehicle Design , Royal College of Art , London ; Carl Olsen , transportation design chair , Center for Creative Studies , Detroit ; Peter Robinson , European editor , Autocar & Motor , David Vivian , associate editor , Autocar & Motor
ken greenley , course leader , vehicle design , royal college of art , london ; carl olsen , transportation design chair , center for creative studies , detroit ; peter robinson , european editor , autocar & motor , david vivian , [colleague] editor , autocar & motor

‘ Being burgled four times since the start of the year is something you 'd associate with the inner-cities — but this is Bentworth . ’
‘ being burgled four times since the start of the year is something you 'd [colleague] with the inner-cities — but this is bentworth . ’

Our human world is a visible one , to which we then associate sounds , smells , tastes and touching .
our human world is a visible one , to which we then [colleague] sounds , smells , tastes and touching .

Thus , the pressing of a large computer-linked key identified by a pattern that the chimpanzee has been trained to associate with the availability of bananas , is no more surprising than its ability to associate the presence of bananas with the shape of a banana plant on which the bananas are hidden from view .
thus , the pressing of a large computer-linked key identified by a pattern that the chimpanzee has been trained to [colleague] with the availability of bananas , is no more surprising than its ability to [colleague] the presence of bananas with the shape of a banana plant on which the bananas are hidden from view .

‘ We in the West regard infant crying as normal , and in a thousand different ways condition our children to associate babies with bawling .
‘ we in the west regard infant crying as normal , and in a thousand different ways condition our children to [colleague] babies with bawling .

Associate audits of companies that act as agents , suppliers or contractors .
[colleague] audits of companies that act as agents , suppliers or contractors .

The vet is only trying to assist the cat , but there is no way that the animal can associate the injection , or the forcible administration of a medicine , with its feeling healthier later on .
the vet is only trying to assist the cat , but there is no way that the animal can [colleague] the injection , or the forcible administration of a medicine , with its feeling healthier later on .

So the next time a male voice , or a male footfall ( for cats can quickly associate the heavy male tread with the deeper male voice ) , or the scent of a human male ( for cats can also associate human odours with human genders ) is detected , the cat thinks that trouble is on its way again , and beats a rapid retreat .
so the next time a male voice , or a male footfall ( for cats can quickly [colleague] the heavy male tread with the deeper male voice ) , or the scent of a human male ( for cats can also [colleague] human odours with human genders ) is detected , the cat thinks that trouble is on its way again , and beats a rapid retreat .

The dog had learned to associate the tuning fork with food and responded to it as though it were food .
the dog had learned to [colleague] the tuning fork with food and responded to it as though it were food .

He was at great pains to ensure that the public did not associate his performers with the bad name that dancers usually had .
he was at great pains to ensure that the public did not [colleague] his performers with the bad name that dancers usually had .

Julie was a rich kid who loved to associate with the tougher , more daring local boys .
julie was a rich kid who loved to [colleague] with the tougher , more daring local boys .

One does not readily associate public libraries with user education , possibly because the educational role of the public library service is generally seen as secondary to its role as the provider of leisure-time reading and other services .
one does not readily [colleague] public libraries with user education , possibly because the educational role of the public library service is generally seen as secondary to its role as the provider of leisure-time reading and other services .

to associate with others and build up relationships
to [colleague] with others and build up relationships

Among the duties … which require to be revived , thrift and prudence are pre-eminent ; and thrift and prudence can only be taught by men who will associate with the people and thus induce them to face the elementary laws of economy .
among the duties … which require to be revived , thrift and prudence are pre-eminent ; and thrift and prudence can only be taught by men who will [colleague] with the people and thus induce them to face the elementary laws of economy .

All three people died for different reasons , if it is not absurd to associate the word reason with the hateful and cowardly acts which killed them .
all three people died for different reasons , if it is not absurd to [colleague] the word reason with the hateful and cowardly acts which killed them .

All these questions are concerned with what many people associate with the term discipline — as it affected them .
all these questions are concerned with what many people [colleague] with the term discipline — as it affected them .

They begin to associate certain forbidden actions and dangerous situations — running impulsively into the road or snatching another child 's toy — with disapproval or punishment , so they avoid them ; they are afraid of angering their parents or getting hurt .
they begin to [colleague] certain forbidden actions and dangerous situations — running impulsively into the road or snatching another child 's toy — with disapproval or punishment , so they avoid them ; they are afraid of angering their parents or getting hurt .

Frances McAvennie , a former council roadsweeper from Glasgow 's Milton housing scheme , is not the kind of character you immediately associate with brasserie lifestyle .
frances mcavennie , a former council roadsweeper from glasgow 's milton housing scheme , is not the kind of character you immediately [colleague] with brasserie lifestyle .

He intended ‘ to nominate some gentlemen who were not connected with engineering or architecture and to associate with them others having a thorough knowledge of those professions ’ .
he intended ‘ to nominate some gentlemen who were not connected with engineering or architecture and to [colleague] with them others having a thorough knowledge of those professions ’ .

He was an Associate of the Royal Academy , having been elected in 1855 .
he was an [colleague] of the royal academy , having been elected in 1855 .

The store sales associate then takes the four key measurements : waist , hips , where the waist should be , and inseam .
the store sales [colleague] then takes the four key measurements : waist , hips , where the waist should be , and inseam .

He invokes the rhetoric we associate with our eighteenth century Constitution enthroning freedom over equality .
he invokes the rhetoric we [colleague] with our eighteenth century constitution enthroning freedom over equality .

The best way to enjoy a round of golf is as the guest of a Japanese friend or business associate .
the best way to enjoy a round of golf is as the guest of a japanese friend or business [colleague] .

With British associate Maxwell Fry designing most of the housing , Le Corbusier created the leading public buildings and laid out a town of spacious boulevards and sweeping tree-lined avenues , inspired at least in part by Lutyens ’ ideas for New Delhi , and blessedly uncongested by growing traffic .
with british [colleague] maxwell fry designing most of the housing , le corbusier created the leading public buildings and laid out a town of spacious boulevards and sweeping tree-lined avenues , inspired at least in part by lutyens ’ ideas for new delhi , and blessedly uncongested by growing traffic .

In 1990 the country held its ﬁrst free elections in 43 years and was called a republic again ; in 1991 it became an associate member of the European Community .
in 1990 the country held its ﬁrst free elections in 43 years and was called a republic again ; in 1991 it became an [colleague] member of the european community .

Nowadays , a poverty lawyer working for one of New York 's many agencies representing the indigent - including Legal Aid , the South Brooklyn Legal Services , the Lawyers Alliance for New York , InMotion , the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights , Volunteers of Legal Service , the Bronx Defenders and New York Lawyers for the Public Interest - might begin his or her career at $ 32,000 per annum , compared with the $ 125,000 average first-year associate salary at the city 's larger firms .
nowadays , a poverty lawyer working for one of new york 's many agencies representing the indigent - including legal aid , the south brooklyn legal services , the lawyers alliance for new york , inmotion , the lawyers committee for human rights , volunteers of legal service , the bronx defenders and new york lawyers for the public interest - might begin his or her career at $ 32,000 per annum , compared with the $ 125,000 average first-year [colleague] salary at the city 's larger firms .

NAPIL Associate Sheila Siegel , Esq. , the survey project manager , noted , `` After an attorney 's first year of public interest employment , we have no idea about who continues in the field , who leaves and why .
napil [colleague] sheila siegel , esq. , the survey project manager , noted , `` after an attorney 's first year of public interest employment , we have no idea about who continues in the field , who leaves and why .

Their papers and documents , some 20,000 boxes worth , are stuck in a storage facility in Linden , N.J. `` I am counting the days till we can have all the parts back in one place , '' says Steven Banks , Legal Aid 's associate attorney in chief .
their papers and documents , some 20,000 boxes worth , are stuck in a storage facility in linden , n.j. `` i am counting the days till we can have all the parts back in one place , '' says steven banks , legal aid 's [colleague] attorney in chief .

Among the approximately 150 lawyers at the Fordham convocation was Kevin J. Curnin , a senior associate at Stroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP and attorney director of the firm 's Public Service Project .
among the approximately 150 lawyers at the fordham convocation was kevin j. curnin , a senior [colleague] at stroock & stroock & lavan llp and attorney director of the firm 's public service project .

Gray Davis to Los Angeles Superior Court , April 2000 ; partner , Morrison & Foerster , 1991-2000 ; partner , Hufstedler , Kaus & Ettinger ( and predecessor firms ) , 1983-91 ; associate , Beardsley , Hufstedler & Kemble ( and related firms ) , 1977-82 Law school : Harvard Law School Age : 49 LOS ANGELES - As an undergraduate at Cornell University , Laurie D. Zelon monitored campus demonstrations .
gray davis to los angeles superior court , april 2000 ; partner , morrison & foerster , 1991-2000 ; partner , hufstedler , kaus & ettinger ( and predecessor firms ) , 1983-91 ; [colleague] , beardsley , hufstedler & kemble ( and related firms ) , 1977-82 law school : harvard law school age : 49 los angeles - as an undergraduate at cornell university , laurie d. zelon monitored campus demonstrations .

One associate who obviously had a positive association with pro bono implored others to `` take on some pro bono matters .
one [colleague] who obviously had a positive association with pro bono implored others to `` take on some pro bono matters .

An associate speaking to transactional lawyers advised them that `` there is an infinite amount of pro bono work out there ( transactional stuff for not for profits , etc . )
an [colleague] speaking to transactional lawyers advised them that `` there is an infinite amount of pro bono work out there ( transactional stuff for not for profits , etc . )

A litigation associate suggested to others that `` one thing I have seen regarding experience is that the younger associates who are motivated to do pro bono work , and actually get trial/court experience that way , do get rewarded with more significant work assignments for their efforts earlier in their careers .
a litigation [colleague] suggested to others that `` one thing i have seen regarding experience is that the younger associates who are motivated to do pro bono work , and actually get trial/court experience that way , do get rewarded with more significant work assignments for their efforts earlier in their careers .

One associate 's message read , `` keeping associates around for a few slow months does not mean that they will necessarily be twiddling their thumbs .
one [colleague] 's message read , `` keeping associates around for a few slow months does not mean that they will necessarily be twiddling their thumbs .

Another associate concurred , stating , `` Rather than using this excess capacity as an opportunity to rev up their pathetic pro bono programs and give something back to the community for a few months , they fire people and protect the bottom line . ''
another [colleague] concurred , stating , `` rather than using this excess capacity as an opportunity to rev up their pathetic pro bono programs and give something back to the community for a few months , they fire people and protect the bottom line . ''

Wallace worked with Joyce McConnell , associate dean for academic affairs at West Virginia University College of Law , to set up a Kellogg Grant internship for law students of WVU in 1990 .
wallace worked with joyce mcconnell , [colleague] dean for academic affairs at west virginia university college of law , to set up a kellogg grant internship for law students of wvu in 1990 .

Karen A. Lash and Earl Johnson Jr. Tuesday , December 10 , 2002 Lash is associate dean at the University of Southern California Law School .
karen a. lash and earl johnson jr. tuesday , december 10 , 2002 lash is [colleague] dean at the university of southern california law school .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , at ( 202 ) 512-8581 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact henry r. wray , senior [colleague] general counsel , at ( 202 ) 512-8581 .

Aurora LeBrun , Associate Commissioner , Office of Investigations and Enforcement , Texas Health and Human Services Commission Strong systems of internal control provide reasonable assurance that programs are operating as intended and are achieving expected outcomes .
aurora lebrun , [colleague] commissioner , office of investigations and enforcement , texas health and human services commission strong systems of internal control provide reasonable assurance that programs are operating as intended and are achieving expected outcomes .

For example , we have reported on FAA 's implementation of management reforms , including delegating authorities to teams , to improve its rulemaking processes.5 In our July 2001 report on aviation rulemaking we recommended , among other things , that the FAA Administrator take steps to ( 1 ) empower team members by giving them the authority to coordinate with the associate administrators ( which would eliminate a separate review and approval step ) , ( 2 ) empower team 3 Performance and Accountability Series-Major Management Challenges and Program Risks : A Governmentwide Perspective ( GAO-01-241 , Jan. 2001 ) .
for example , we have reported on faa 's implementation of management reforms , including delegating authorities to teams , to improve its rulemaking processes.5 in our july 2001 report on aviation rulemaking we recommended , among other things , that the faa administrator take steps to ( 1 ) empower team members by giving them the authority to coordinate with the [colleague] administrators ( which would eliminate a separate review and approval step ) , ( 2 ) empower team 3 performance and accountability series-major management challenges and program risks : a governmentwide perspective ( gao-01-241 , jan. 2001 ) .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-8326 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-8326 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

GAO/OGC-96-15 If you have any questions about this report , please contact Henry R. Wray , Senior Associate General Counsel , at ( 202 ) 512-8581 .
gao/ogc-96-15 if you have any questions about this report , please contact henry r. wray , senior [colleague] general counsel , at ( 202 ) 512-8581 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

GAO/OGC-96-26 If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
gao/ogc-96-26 if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-50 If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-50 if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-8326 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-8326 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-8326 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-8326 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen E. Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-8326 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen e. wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-8326 .

If you have any questions about this report , please contact Kathleen Wannisky , Associate General Counsel for Operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .
if you have any questions about this report , please contact kathleen wannisky , [colleague] general counsel for operations , at ( 202 ) 512-5207 .

He also serves as a Senior Associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace where he is Director of the Comparative Citizenship Project .
he also serves as a senior [colleague] at the carnegie endowment for international peace where he is director of the comparative citizenship project .

After serving as a law clerk to the Honorable Edward Weinfeld , U.S. District Judge , from 1977-8 , he worked for the Department of Justice from 1978 through 1981 , first as an Attorney Advisor in the Office of Legal Counsel then as Counselor to the Associate Attorney General .
after serving as a law clerk to the honorable edward weinfeld , u.s. district judge , from 1977-8 , he worked for the department of justice from 1978 through 1981 , first as an attorney advisor in the office of legal counsel then as counselor to the [colleague] attorney general .

He took a leave of absence in 1994 to join the Clinton Administration as General Counsel of the Immigration and Naturalization Service , then moved into the position of Executive Associate Commissioner of Programs for this agency from 1995 through 1997 .
he took a leave of absence in 1994 to join the clinton administration as general counsel of the immigration and naturalization service , then moved into the position of executive [colleague] commissioner of programs for this agency from 1995 through 1997 .

Enid F. Trucios-Haynes Enid Trucios-Haynes is an Associate Professor at the Louis D. Brandeis School of Law at the University of Louisville , where her main areas of academic interest are immigration law and administrative law .
enid f. trucios-haynes enid trucios-haynes is an [colleague] professor at the louis d. brandeis school of law at the university of louisville , where her main areas of academic interest are immigration law and administrative law .

Professor Trucios-Haynes graduated from Stanford Law School in 1986 , where she served as Associate Editor of the Stanford Law Review and also volunteered at The Kingston Legal Aid Clinic in Kingston , Jamaica , West Indies , during a semester abroad .
professor trucios-haynes graduated from stanford law school in 1986 , where she served as [colleague] editor of the stanford law review and also volunteered at the kingston legal aid clinic in kingston , jamaica , west indies , during a semester abroad .

Abdullah has emerged as a key associate of Hazmi and Mihdhar in San Diego .
abdullah has emerged as a key [colleague] of hazmi and mihdhar in san diego .

The safehouse was run by al Qaeda operative Abd al Rahim Ghulum Rabbani , also known as Abu Rahmah , a close associate of KSM who assisted him for three years by finding apartments and lending logistical support to operatives KSM would send .
the safehouse was run by al qaeda operative abd al rahim ghulum rabbani , also known as abu rahmah , a close [colleague] of ksm who assisted him for three years by finding apartments and lending logistical support to operatives ksm would send .

An associate of a senior Hezbollah operative was on the same flight that took the future hijackers to Iran .
an [colleague] of a senior hezbollah operative was on the same flight that took the future hijackers to iran .

KSM apparently received the date from Binalshibh in a message sent through Binalshibh 's old Hamburg associate , Zakariya Essabar .
ksm apparently received the date from binalshibh in a message sent through binalshibh 's old hamburg [colleague] , zakariya essabar .

According to Binalshibh , shortly after the date was chosen , he advised Essabar and another Hamburg associate , Said Bahaji , that if they wanted to go to Afghanistan , now was the time because it would soon become more difficult .
according to binalshibh , shortly after the date was chosen , he advised essabar and another hamburg [colleague] , said bahaji , that if they wanted to go to afghanistan , now was the time because it would soon become more difficult .

Thereafter , Hamlan received a visit at the college from a former associate at al Faruq camp , Khalid al Zahrani , who asked why he had not returned to Afghanistan .
thereafter , hamlan received a visit at the college from a former [colleague] at al faruq camp , khalid al zahrani , who asked why he had not returned to afghanistan .

For speculation regarding identities , see CIA cable , `` Photo of UBL Associate , '' Dec. 27 , 2000 .
for speculation regarding identities , see cia cable , `` photo of ubl [colleague] , '' dec. 27 , 2000 .

CIA cable , `` Request for January 2000 Malaysian Surveillance Photos , '' Dec. 12 , 2000 ; CIA cable , '' Photo of UBL Associate , '' Dec. 27 , 2000 ; CIA cable , '' Review of Malaysia 'Khaled ' Photos , '' Jan. 5 , 2001 .
cia cable , `` request for january 2000 malaysian surveillance photos , '' dec. 12 , 2000 ; cia cable , '' photo of ubl [colleague] , '' dec. 27 , 2000 ; cia cable , '' review of malaysia 'khaled ' photos , '' jan. 5 , 2001 .

The old reporting from early 2000 that was reexamined included CIA cable , `` Transit of UBL Associate Khalid Through Dubai , '' Jan. 4 , 2000 ; CIA cable , '' Recent Influx of Suspected UBL Associates to Malaysia , '' Jan. 5 , 2000 ; CIA cable , '' UBL Associates : Flight Manifest for MH072 , '' Jan. 9 , 2000 ; CIA cable , '' UBL Associates : Identification of Possible UBL Associates , '' Mar .
the old reporting from early 2000 that was reexamined included cia cable , `` transit of ubl [colleague] khalid through dubai , '' jan. 4 , 2000 ; cia cable , '' recent influx of suspected ubl associates to malaysia , '' jan. 5 , 2000 ; cia cable , '' ubl associates : flight manifest for mh072 , '' jan. 9 , 2000 ; cia cable , '' ubl associates : identification of possible ubl associates , '' mar .

The EPA press releases were coordinated with Samuel Thernstrom , associate director for communications at the White House Council on Environmental Quality .
the epa press releases were coordinated with samuel thernstrom , [colleague] director for communications at the white house council on environmental quality .

For a particularly useful insight into the evolution of al Qaeda-written by an early Bin Ladin associate , Adel Batterjee , under a pseudonym- see Basil Muhammad , Al Ansar al Arab fi Afghanistan ( The Arab volunteers in Afghanistan ) ( Benevolence International Foundation ( BIF ) and World Association of Muslim Youth , 1991 ) .
for a particularly useful insight into the evolution of al qaeda-written by an early bin ladin [colleague] , adel batterjee , under a pseudonym- see basil muhammad , al ansar al arab fi afghanistan ( the arab volunteers in afghanistan ) ( benevolence international foundation ( bif ) and world association of muslim youth , 1991 ) .

On Pakistan 's consent , see Ahmed Rashid interview ( Oct. 27 , 2003 ) ; see also Rashid , Taliban , p. 139 ; Intelligence report , Terrorism : Activities of Bin Ladin 's in Pakistan , Afghanistan , and India , July 14 , 1997 ; FBI investigation , interview of former al Qaeda associate , Mar .
on pakistan 's consent , see ahmed rashid interview ( oct. 27 , 2003 ) ; see also rashid , taliban , p. 139 ; intelligence report , terrorism : activities of bin ladin 's in pakistan , afghanistan , and india , july 14 , 1997 ; fbi investigation , interview of former al qaeda [colleague] , mar .

A Bin Ladin associate in Sudan late last month told a colleague in Kandahar that he had shipped a group of containers to Afghanistan .
a bin ladin [colleague] in sudan late last month told a colleague in kandahar that he had shipped a group of containers to afghanistan .

Originally titled `` Infinite Justice , '' the operation 's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan : '' Enduring Freedom . ''
originally titled `` infinite justice , '' the operation 's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of muslims who [colleague] the power of infinite justice with god alone-to the operational name still used for operations in afghanistan : '' enduring freedom . ''

In early 1999 , Hijazi and Abu Hoshar contacted Khalil Deek , an American citizen and an associate of Abu Zubaydah who lived in Peshawar , Pakistan , and who , with Afghanistan-based extremists , had created an electronic version of a terrorist manual , the Encyclopedia of Jihad .
in early 1999 , hijazi and abu hoshar contacted khalil deek , an american citizen and an [colleague] of abu zubaydah who lived in peshawar , pakistan , and who , with afghanistan-based extremists , had created an electronic version of a terrorist manual , the encyclopedia of jihad .

Al Qaeda associate Abu Zubaydah has expressed more qualified admiration for KSM 's innate creativity , emphasizing instead his ability to incorporate the improvements suggested by others .
al qaeda [colleague] abu zubaydah has expressed more qualified admiration for ksm 's innate creativity , emphasizing instead his ability to incorporate the improvements suggested by others .

Hambali also was one of the founders of Konsojaya , a Malaysian company run by a close associate of Wali Khan .
hambali also was one of the founders of konsojaya , a malaysian company run by a close [colleague] of wali khan .

On Jarrah and Zammar , see German BKA investigation of Bahaji , summary of interrogation of Nickels on Oct. 30 , 2001 ; see generally Intelligence report , interrogation of Binalshibh , Nov. 6 , 2003 ; Intelligence report , `` Terrorism : Background Information on Usama Bin Ladin Associate Muhammad Haydar Zammar , '' Jan. 14 , 2002 .
on jarrah and zammar , see german bka investigation of bahaji , summary of interrogation of nickels on oct. 30 , 2001 ; see generally intelligence report , interrogation of binalshibh , nov. 6 , 2003 ; intelligence report , `` terrorism : background information on usama bin ladin [colleague] muhammad haydar zammar , '' jan. 14 , 2002 .

Zouaydi may have provided funds to Hamburg associate Mamoun Darkazanli-see , e.g. , FBI letterhead memorandum , Yarkas and Spanish Cell investigation , Jan. 8,2003-but there is no evidence that Zouaydi provided money to the plot participants or that any of his funds were used to support the plot .
zouaydi may have provided funds to hamburg [colleague] mamoun darkazanli-see , e.g. , fbi letterhead memorandum , yarkas and spanish cell investigation , jan. 8,2003-but there is no evidence that zouaydi provided money to the plot participants or that any of his funds were used to support the plot .

Intelligence report , Activities of Bin Ladin associates , Dec. 29 , 1999 ; Intelligence report , review of 9/11 hijackers ' activities , Sept. 23 , 2002 ; CIA cable , `` Activities of Bin Ladin Associate Khalid Revealed , '' Jan. 4 , 2000 .
intelligence report , activities of bin ladin associates , dec. 29 , 1999 ; intelligence report , review of 9/11 hijackers ' activities , sept. 23 , 2002 ; cia cable , `` activities of bin ladin [colleague] khalid revealed , '' jan. 4 , 2000 .

Intelligence report , Activities of Bin Ladin associates , Jan. 2 , 2000 ; CIA cable , `` Activities of Bin Ladin Associate Khalid Revealed , '' Jan. 4 , 2000 ; CIA email , CTC to NSA , Another UBL related report , Jan. 3 , 2000 .
intelligence report , activities of bin ladin associates , jan. 2 , 2000 ; cia cable , `` activities of bin ladin [colleague] khalid revealed , '' jan. 4 , 2000 ; cia email , ctc to nsa , another ubl related report , jan. 3 , 2000 .

CIA cable , `` Activities of Bin Ladin Associate Khalid Revealed , '' Jan. 4 , 2000 .
cia cable , `` activities of bin ladin [colleague] khalid revealed , '' jan. 4 , 2000 .

CIA cables , `` Identification of UBL Associate Khalid Transiting Dubai , '' Jan. 4 , 2000 ; '' UBL Associate Travel to Malaysia-Khalid Bin Muhammad bin 'Abdallah al-Mihdhar , '' Jan. 5 , 2000 ; '' Arrival of UBL Associate Khalid Bin Muhammad bin 'Abdallah al-Mihdhar , '' Jan. 6 , 2000 .
cia cables , `` identification of ubl [colleague] khalid transiting dubai , '' jan. 4 , 2000 ; '' ubl [colleague] travel to malaysia-khalid bin muhammad bin 'abdallah al-mihdhar , '' jan. 5 , 2000 ; '' arrival of ubl [colleague] khalid bin muhammad bin 'abdallah al-mihdhar , '' jan. 6 , 2000 .

Another possible source of suspicion is his passport , which contains a cachet that intelligence investigators associate with possible adherence to al Qaeda .
another possible source of suspicion is his passport , which contains a cachet that intelligence investigators [colleague] with possible adherence to al qaeda .

Another associate of Hazmi and Mihdhar allegedly referred to them after the September 11 attacks as `` more than heroes . ''
another [colleague] of hazmi and mihdhar allegedly referred to them after the september 11 attacks as `` more than heroes . ''

Another Hanjour associate , Faisal al Salmi , took flight training with Rayed Abdullah but wanted to keep his training secret .
another hanjour [colleague] , faisal al salmi , took flight training with rayed abdullah but wanted to keep his training secret .

Finally , another admitted associate of Hani Hanjour in Arizona , Hamed al Sulami , has had telephone contact with Sulayman al Alwan , a radical Saudi cleric from Qassim Province who was reported to be Abu Zubaydah 's spiritual advisor and , as discussed later in this chapter , may have had a role in recruiting one or more of the muscle hijackers .
finally , another admitted [colleague] of hani hanjour in arizona , hamed al sulami , has had telephone contact with sulayman al alwan , a radical saudi cleric from qassim province who was reported to be abu zubaydah 's spiritual advisor and , as discussed later in this chapter , may have had a role in recruiting one or more of the muscle hijackers .

The journals are also run by the community—academic editors-in-chief and associate editors , supported by PLoS staff .
the journals are also run by the community—academic editors-in-chief and [colleague] editors , supported by plos staff .

One of them was David Graham , Associate Director in the United States Food and Drug Administration 's ( FDA 's ) Office of Drug Safety , whose research on rofecoxib ( Vioxx ) pointed to the serious cardiovascular risks of the drug [ 1 ] .
one of them was david graham , [colleague] director in the united states food and drug administration 's ( fda 's ) office of drug safety , whose research on rofecoxib ( vioxx ) pointed to the serious cardiovascular risks of the drug [ 1 ] .

The tiny RNAs associate with various silencing effector complexes and attach to homologous target sequences ( RNA or DNA ) by basepairing .
the tiny rnas [colleague] with various silencing effector complexes and attach to homologous target sequences ( rna or dna ) by basepairing .

John Gabrieli , Associate Professor of Psychology at Stanford University , has shown that distinct activation patterns in the brains of dyslexic children normalize as they improve their reading skills ( Figure 2 ) .
john gabrieli , [colleague] professor of psychology at stanford university , has shown that distinct activation patterns in the brains of dyslexic children normalize as they improve their reading skills ( figure 2 ) .

Two molecules of double-stranded DNA ( duplexes ) can further associate together if they have complementary single-stranded overhangs ( sticky ends ) .
two molecules of double-stranded dna ( duplexes ) can further [colleague] together if they have complementary single-stranded overhangs ( sticky ends ) .

Given the diversity of the DNA sequences , we can easily engineer a large number of pairs of DNA duplexes that associate with each other with sequence specificity and in a well-defined fashion .
given the diversity of the dna sequences , we can easily engineer a large number of pairs of dna duplexes that [colleague] with each other with sequence specificity and in a well-defined fashion .

For Sophien Kamoun , Associate Professor of Plant Pathology at Ohio State University ( Wooster , Ohio , United States ) , these destructive organisms present an exciting opportunity .
for sophien kamoun , [colleague] professor of plant pathology at ohio state university ( wooster , ohio , united states ) , these destructive organisms present an exciting opportunity .

February 17 , 1993 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : As Associate Dean for Minority Student Services , I would like to introduce a new scholarship program designed to help Afro-American Students pursue studies in dentistry at IU .
february 17 , 1993 name address city , st zip dear name : as [colleague] dean for minority student services , i would like to introduce a new scholarship program designed to help afro-american students pursue studies in dentistry at iu .

As an associate artist with the theatre , I see daily the impact that the IRT has on our community .
as an [colleague] artist with the theatre , i see daily the impact that the irt has on our community .

We 'll bring the IRT to them through artists visiting classrooms and two-way video conferencing Our artistic staff , including Priscilla Lindsay and new Associate Artistic Director Risa Brainin , is developing a new theatre education curriculum for next season , with classes for youth and adults to be implemented in the near future 39 % of the IRT performance schedule is dedicated to student performances As you can see , our educational program has been growing and will continue to increase in the upcoming years .
we 'll bring the irt to them through artists visiting classrooms and two-way video conferencing our artistic staff , including priscilla lindsay and new [colleague] artistic director risa brainin , is developing a new theatre education curriculum for next season , with classes for youth and adults to be implemented in the near future 39 % of the irt performance schedule is dedicated to student performances as you can see , our educational program has been growing and will continue to increase in the upcoming years .

July , 1994 Name Address City , ST Zip The National Board of Visitors cordially invites you to become a Charter Associate of The Center on Philanthropy Dear Name : I need your immediate help today to save a tradition ... a uniquely American tradition that has flourished in this country for hundreds of years ... ... a living tradition of voluntary action for the public good known as `` philanthropy . ''
july , 1994 name address city , st zip the national board of visitors cordially invites you to become a charter [colleague] of the center on philanthropy dear name : i need your immediate help today to save a tradition ... a uniquely american tradition that has flourished in this country for hundreds of years ... ... a living tradition of voluntary action for the public good known as `` philanthropy . ''

I am therefore delighted to extend this invitation today giving you the opportunity to join us as a Charter Associate of the Center on Philanthropy .
i am therefore delighted to extend this invitation today giving you the opportunity to join us as a charter [colleague] of the center on philanthropy .

JOIN WITH KINDRED SPIRITS As Charter Associate , you will join many kindred spirits - people like you who believe that professional practice can be improved by closely linking nonprofit management and fund raising to education , study and research .
join with kindred spirits as charter [colleague] , you will join many kindred spirits - people like you who believe that professional practice can be improved by closely linking nonprofit management and fund raising to education , study and research .

This is why I am counting on your commitment as a Charter Associate of the Center on Philanthropy today !
this is why i am counting on your commitment as a charter [colleague] of the center on philanthropy today !

When you join the Center as a Charter Associate with a gift of $ 50 or more , you are entitled to many privileges , including a beautiful Charter Associate Certificate you 'll be proud to hang in your office and a copy of our National Board of Visitors ' prestigious publication Annual Report on the State of Philanthropy .
when you join the center as a charter [colleague] with a gift of $ 50 or more , you are entitled to many privileges , including a beautiful charter [colleague] certificate you 'll be proud to hang in your office and a copy of our national board of visitors ' prestigious publication annual report on the state of philanthropy .

I am personally counting on your immediate support as a Charter Associate to help the Center expand its crucial role in preserving the American philanthropic tradition .
i am personally counting on your immediate support as a charter [colleague] to help the center expand its crucial role in preserving the american philanthropic tradition .

The Charter Associate offer ends September 30 , 1994 .
the charter [colleague] offer ends september 30 , 1994 .

We look forward to the support that new Development Associate Hilary S. Oberlies '85 will provide for the Annual Fund this year .
we look forward to the support that new development [colleague] hilary s. oberlies '85 will provide for the annual fund this year .

As an associate artist of the the theatre , it 's my privilege to be aware of the great thing happening at the IRT and to encourage you to give generously to see the success continue .
as an [colleague] artist of the the theatre , it 's my privilege to be aware of the great thing happening at the irt and to encourage you to give generously to see the success continue .

Sirenians are solitary , travel in pairs , or associate in groups of three to about six individuals .
sirenians are solitary , travel in pairs , or [colleague] in groups of three to about six individuals .

The Washington Post goes with the Army 's newest recruitment lure : offering entry-level soldiers an array of virtually no-cost college-level courses over the Internet leading to an associate 's degree .
the washington post goes with the army 's newest recruitment lure : offering entry-level soldiers an array of virtually no-cost college-level courses over the internet leading to an [colleague] 's degree .

The series was erotic in a way only prim English humor can be : The Old Boy Steed was capable of throwing a punch and bonking someone with his bowler , but he left the karate kicking to his liberated , leather-suited distaff associate .
the series was erotic in a way only prim english humor can be : the old boy steed was capable of throwing a punch and bonking someone with his bowler , but he left the karate kicking to his liberated , leather-suited distaff [colleague] .

If Hurt has the kind of visage we normally associate with dissipation , few actors are able to combine such bleariness with such ( oxymoronic ) concentration .
if hurt has the kind of visage we normally [colleague] with dissipation , few actors are able to combine such bleariness with such ( oxymoronic ) concentration .

That 's Daryl Hannah as Branagh 's associate , sporting dark hair , thick glasses , and a sensibly reticent demeanor .
that 's daryl hannah as branagh 's [colleague] , sporting dark hair , thick glasses , and a sensibly reticent demeanor .

Stallone , whom a former associate of his once described to me as `` the most frightened man in Hollywood , '' had to hold a press conference to announce that he was going to gain weight for the part of a not-so-super hero in a small movie .
stallone , whom a former [colleague] of his once described to me as `` the most frightened man in hollywood , '' had to hold a press conference to announce that he was going to gain weight for the part of a not-so-super hero in a small movie .

Jowers , who owned the restaurant opposite King 's motel ( and one floor below the room Ray rented ) , said he had hired the real assassin on behalf of an associate with possible ties to the mob .
jowers , who owned the restaurant opposite king 's motel ( and one floor below the room ray rented ) , said he had hired the real assassin on behalf of an [colleague] with possible ties to the mob .

Then came its re-emergence in Beat and hippie patois , and its ascension into totemic status , as the primary pop-cultural word that future generations would associate with the youth culture of the 1960s .
then came its re-emergence in beat and hippie patois , and its ascension into totemic status , as the primary pop-cultural word that future generations would [colleague] with the youth culture of the 1960s .

For those watching their weight , microwave dinners are a better choice than you might think , according to Dr. Louis J. Aronne , a weight loss specialist and associate professor of medicine at Cornell University .
for those watching their weight , microwave dinners are a better choice than you might think , according to dr. louis j. aronne , a weight loss specialist and [colleague] professor of medicine at cornell university .

Dr. Bernard Salick 's chain of 24 for-profit cancer clinics has done well in California , making flexible schedules a part of its patient-friendly approach , but Dr. Warren Enker , associate director of New York 's Beth Israel Hospital , remains skeptical .
dr. bernard salick 's chain of 24 for-profit cancer clinics has done well in california , making flexible schedules a part of its patient-friendly approach , but dr. warren enker , [colleague] director of new york 's beth israel hospital , remains skeptical .

Meanwhile , the Senate committee investigating the scandal has collapsed into partisan feuding , and several principals in the scandal , including Huang and former Associate Attorney General Webster L. Hubbell , have refused to provide documents .
meanwhile , the senate committee investigating the scandal has collapsed into partisan feuding , and several principals in the scandal , including huang and former [colleague] attorney general webster l. hubbell , have refused to provide documents .

No one I associate with uses the term `` nigger '' to describe each other or any other black person for that matter .
no one i [colleague] with uses the term `` nigger '' to describe each other or any other black person for that matter .

Matt Alsdorf ( Editorial Assistant ) , Michael Brus ( Editorial Assistant ) , Angela Claire Cassidy ( Proofreader ) , Conny Chen ( Production Assistant ) , Josh Daniel ( Managing Editor ) , Jonathan Epstein ( Software Development Engineer ) , Gretchen Evanson ( Office Manager ) , Eve Gerber ( Editorial Assistant ) , Siân Gibby ( Copy Editor ) , Lori Johnson ( Production Designer ) , Jodi Kantor ( Associate Editor ) , Kathleen Kincaid ( Design Director ) , Michael Kinsley ( Editor ) , Cyrus Krohn ( Associate Publisher ) , Linda Leste ( Marketing Manager ) , Joseph Lacson ( Product Planner ) , Scott Moore ( Publisher ) , Seema Pareek ( Software Design Engineer ) , David Plotz ( Washington Bureau Chief ) , Peter Randall ( Program Manager ) , Oswaldo Ribas ( Program Manager ) , William Saletan ( Senior Writer ) , José Saura ( Software Development Engineer ) , Jack Shafer ( Deputy Editor ) , Igor Shames ( Support Engineer ) , Dan Shen ( Software Development Engineer ) , Judith Shulevitz ( New York Editor ) , Scott Shuger ( Senior Writer ) , Laurie Snyder ( Copy Editor ) , JoAnne Spencer ( Production Assistant ) , Chris Suellentrop ( Editorial Assistant ) , June Thomas ( Copy Chief ) , Clay Thurmond ( Copy Editor ) , Eliza Truitt ( Associate Editor ) , Donald Vaughn ( Support Engineer ) , Jacob Weisberg ( Chief Political Correspondent ) .
matt alsdorf ( editorial assistant ) , michael brus ( editorial assistant ) , angela claire cassidy ( proofreader ) , conny chen ( production assistant ) , josh daniel ( managing editor ) , jonathan epstein ( software development engineer ) , gretchen evanson ( office manager ) , eve gerber ( editorial assistant ) , siân gibby ( copy editor ) , lori johnson ( production designer ) , jodi kantor ( [colleague] editor ) , kathleen kincaid ( design director ) , michael kinsley ( editor ) , cyrus krohn ( [colleague] publisher ) , linda leste ( marketing manager ) , joseph lacson ( product planner ) , scott moore ( publisher ) , seema pareek ( software design engineer ) , david plotz ( washington bureau chief ) , peter randall ( program manager ) , oswaldo ribas ( program manager ) , william saletan ( senior writer ) , josé saura ( software development engineer ) , jack shafer ( deputy editor ) , igor shames ( support engineer ) , dan shen ( software development engineer ) , judith shulevitz ( new york editor ) , scott shuger ( senior writer ) , laurie snyder ( copy editor ) , joanne spencer ( production assistant ) , chris suellentrop ( editorial assistant ) , june thomas ( copy chief ) , clay thurmond ( copy editor ) , eliza truitt ( [colleague] editor ) , donald vaughn ( support engineer ) , jacob weisberg ( chief political correspondent ) .

Your `` Gist '' on alleged payments to David Hale is so sloppy that one is tempted to assume some bias on the part of its author , Associate Editor Franklin Foer .
your `` gist '' on alleged payments to david hale is so sloppy that one is tempted to assume some bias on the part of its author , [colleague] editor franklin foer .

It is nothing that would tax Clinton pal Vernon Jordan 's youngest associate .
it is nothing that would tax clinton pal vernon jordan 's youngest [colleague] .

Lest anyone associate Gore with Bill Clinton 's sex life , two of the departments you can click to from any page are `` The Gore Family `` and `` Tipper Gore . ''
lest anyone [colleague] gore with bill clinton 's sex life , two of the departments you can click to from any page are `` the gore family `` and `` tipper gore . ''

Campbell , formerly associate director for laser programs at Livermore and director of a $ 1.2 billion program to conduct weapons research , announced his decision to leave Aug. 27 .
campbell , formerly [colleague] director for laser programs at livermore and director of a $ 1.2 billion program to conduct weapons research , announced his decision to leave aug. 27 .

In short strokes , the story goes like this : A customer , William Summerhill , an associate professor of history at UCLA , ordered two phones from Sprint PCS .
in short strokes , the story goes like this : a customer , william summerhill , an [colleague] professor of history at ucla , ordered two phones from sprint pcs .

Most people still associate GE with making things .
most people still [colleague] ge with making things .

The American Baptist Churches ( note the plural : Baptists object to the idea of denominations , choosing to `` freely associate '' instead ) absolutely took the liberal position on practically any social issue from the 1960s on ( which is why they 're losing churches to the Southern Baptist and National Baptist conventions ) .
the american baptist churches ( note the plural : baptists object to the idea of denominations , choosing to `` freely [colleague] '' instead ) absolutely took the liberal position on practically any social issue from the 1960s on ( which is why they 're losing churches to the southern baptist and national baptist conventions ) .

Learn about advertising opportunities on Slate and the MSN network , or contact Slate Associate Publisher Cyrus Krohn directly .
learn about advertising opportunities on slate and the msn network , or contact slate [colleague] publisher cyrus krohn directly .

The newly opened `` Notables ' Sperm Bank '' in Chengdu accepts donations only from scholars who are under the age of 60 , have no history of congenital diseases , and are at the very least an associate professor .
the newly opened `` notables ' sperm bank '' in chengdu accepts donations only from scholars who are under the age of 60 , have no history of congenital diseases , and are at the very least an [colleague] professor .

Once he has slept with a woman , the animals refuse to associate with him ; he can not go home again .
once he has slept with a woman , the animals refuse to [colleague] with him ; he can not go home again .

I almost said customers , '' says Michael Cornfield , an adjunct associate professor of political management at George Washington University .
i almost said customers , '' says michael cornfield , an adjunct [colleague] professor of political management at george washington university .

Recklessness theorists associate John Kennedy 's `` lack of judgment '' with his cousins ' debauchery .
recklessness theorists [colleague] john kennedy 's `` lack of judgment '' with his cousins ' debauchery .

However , the dancing seems so free and spontaneous , and yet so precise and with such commitment between the partners , that one is left with a feeling of joy in life that I can not associate with any other form of art .
however , the dancing seems so free and spontaneous , and yet so precise and with such commitment between the partners , that one is left with a feeling of joy in life that i can not [colleague] with any other form of art .

I certainly do n't endorse the practice of giving money to witnesses in a criminal investigation ( rich right-winger Richard Mellon Scaife is accused of having provided the money that allegedly went to former Clinton associate David Hale ) .
i certainly do n't endorse the practice of giving money to witnesses in a criminal investigation ( rich right-winger richard mellon scaife is accused of having provided the money that allegedly went to former clinton [colleague] david hale ) .

Instead , he phoned Metabolife , which referred Chatterbox to its public relations firm , Sitrick and Co. , where a senior associate named Julie Fahn assured Chatterbox that all the legal mumbo-jumbo `` basically is just to make sure that nobody goes off and duplicates the exact videotape we have because Metabolife owns the copyright .
instead , he phoned metabolife , which referred chatterbox to its public relations firm , sitrick and co. , where a senior [colleague] named julie fahn assured chatterbox that all the legal mumbo-jumbo `` basically is just to make sure that nobody goes off and duplicates the exact videotape we have because metabolife owns the copyright .

Originally a sports writer and long-time Bush associate was slated to author the book .
originally a sports writer and long-time bush [colleague] was slated to author the book .

Yet he is , on the whole , a completely credulous supporter of most of the assumptions and ideas we associate with Reaganism .
yet he is , on the whole , a completely credulous supporter of most of the assumptions and ideas we [colleague] with reaganism .

A federal grand jury indicted former Bank of New York Vice President Lucy Edwards , her husband , and a business associate with conspiracy to transmit about $ 7 billion illegally .
a federal grand jury indicted former bank of new york vice president lucy edwards , her husband , and a business [colleague] with conspiracy to transmit about $ 7 billion illegally .

Associate professors studying financial markets are n't in them , only theorizing about them .
[colleague] professors studying financial markets are n't in them , only theorizing about them .

If , however , your associate thinks she is engaging in petty larceny and gets her jollies from purloined rolls , indulge her , knowing that it is a harmless habit .
if , however , your [colleague] thinks she is engaging in petty larceny and gets her jollies from purloined rolls , indulge her , knowing that it is a harmless habit .

Some conservatives have attempted to associate Flytrap with the political and cultural values of the 1960s -- let it all hang out and so on -- though they also have insisted that feminists are betraying feminism 's roots in the same period by failing to condemn the male perpetrator .
some conservatives have attempted to [colleague] flytrap with the political and cultural values of the 1960s -- let it all hang out and so on -- though they also have insisted that feminists are betraying feminism 's roots in the same period by failing to condemn the male perpetrator .

According to Jeffrey Hadley , a research associate at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health 's Center for Injury , Research , and Policy , an unbelievably high proportion of people who kill themselves on boats are male -- based on his research in Maryland , it 's something like 90 percent .
according to jeffrey hadley , a research [colleague] at the johns hopkins school of public health 's center for injury , research , and policy , an unbelievably high proportion of people who kill themselves on boats are male -- based on his research in maryland , it 's something like 90 percent .

Compass America , a Fodor 's associate , is stylistically a synthesis of these two models .
compass america , a fodor 's [colleague] , is stylistically a synthesis of these two models .

The magazine apologizes for having published fabricated articles by Stephen Glass and announces Glass ' dismissal as associate editor .
the magazine apologizes for having published fabricated articles by stephen glass and announces glass ' dismissal as [colleague] editor .

A sleazy associate of Connor is trying to return the paintings in exchange for a $ 1.5-million reward .
a sleazy [colleague] of connor is trying to return the paintings in exchange for a $ 1.5-million reward .

The magazine publishes the results of its investigation of former Associate Editor Stephen Glass .
the magazine publishes the results of its investigation of former [colleague] editor stephen glass .

Indeed , my husband and I spurned the courtly generalist for an up-to-date internist , highly recommended by a more senior associate at the top Washington law firm my husband had joined .
indeed , my husband and i spurned the courtly generalist for an up-to-date internist , highly recommended by a more senior [colleague] at the top washington law firm my husband had joined .

Two years later , Nixon appointed him associate justice .
two years later , nixon appointed him [colleague] justice .

Associate Justice Rehnquist was famed for his witty , explosive writing .
[colleague] justice rehnquist was famed for his witty , explosive writing .

After coming up with the idea for the project and appointing an `` associate editor '' to run it , he says , he was only minimally involved .
after coming up with the idea for the project and appointing an `` [colleague] editor '' to run it , he says , he was only minimally involved .

Ezer Weizman 's TV address to the nation announcing his refusal to resign as president of Israel , despite the launch of a criminal investigation into his admitted receipt of cash gifts from a French former business associate , was badly received by the Israeli press .
ezer weizman 's tv address to the nation announcing his refusal to resign as president of israel , despite the launch of a criminal investigation into his admitted receipt of cash gifts from a french former business [colleague] , was badly received by the israeli press .

The authors were David Plotz ( associate editor of Slate ) and Lt. Col. Charles Krohn ( U.S. Army , retired ) .
the authors were david plotz ( [colleague] editor of slate ) and lt. col. charles krohn ( u.s. army , retired ) .

Its residents , solid and conservative in look and outlook , are often referred to as `` square heads , '' which suggests a stolid stupidity many associate with the Swedes , but all Scandinavian flags fly here .
its residents , solid and conservative in look and outlook , are often referred to as `` square heads , '' which suggests a stolid stupidity many [colleague] with the swedes , but all scandinavian flags fly here .

Taking up a cause recently promoted by its Canadian proprietor Conrad Black , the conservative British Daily Telegraph ( circulation 1 million ) argued Britain should apply for membership -- or associate membership -- in the North American Free Trade Agreement .
taking up a cause recently promoted by its canadian proprietor conrad black , the conservative british daily telegraph ( circulation 1 million ) argued britain should apply for membership -- or [colleague] membership -- in the north american free trade agreement .

In the throes of giving , Rockefeller wrote to an associate :
in the throes of giving , rockefeller wrote to an [colleague] :

In Caldwell , McParland quickly apprehended a drifter and sometime associate of various union miners who called himself Harry Orchard .
in caldwell , mcparland quickly apprehended a drifter and sometime [colleague] of various union miners who called himself harry orchard .

It was because the charismatic in music is genuinely awe-inspiring , and to watch the violist trek across Schnittke 's barbarous Russian landscape was like watching humanity and inhumanity in ferocious battle , waging every grand and noble struggle that we associate with the 19 th -century violin concertos , except without any of the reassuring triumphalism that , among 19 th -century composers , was indistinguishable from a finale .
it was because the charismatic in music is genuinely awe-inspiring , and to watch the violist trek across schnittke 's barbarous russian landscape was like watching humanity and inhumanity in ferocious battle , waging every grand and noble struggle that we [colleague] with the 19 th -century violin concertos , except without any of the reassuring triumphalism that , among 19 th -century composers , was indistinguishable from a finale .

The Street Lawyer is the tale , in the first person , of Michael Brock , a young , naive , up-from-the-middle-class associate at a large , faceless corporate law firm in Washington , D.C. Brock is on track to make partner when a homeless man carrying a gun takes him hostage in the firm 's plush conference room .
the street lawyer is the tale , in the first person , of michael brock , a young , naive , up-from-the-middle-class [colleague] at a large , faceless corporate law firm in washington , d.c. brock is on track to make partner when a homeless man carrying a gun takes him hostage in the firm 's plush conference room .

The brand-name advertising of Underwater Alt aims to associate Lucent with the futuristic , high-end segment of the communications web .
the brand-name advertising of underwater alt aims to [colleague] lucent with the futuristic , high-end segment of the communications web .

This week , Novak reveals his research to announce that of the 18 Starr deputy and associate counsels , nine are on loan from the Justice Department , four are former DOJ lawyers , and five have no DOJ affiliation .
this week , novak reveals his research to announce that of the 18 starr deputy and [colleague] counsels , nine are on loan from the justice department , four are former doj lawyers , and five have no doj affiliation .

I associate this with Quaaludes .
i [colleague] this with quaaludes .

I think some conservatives are uneasy with him for the reasons you cite ; and because they associate him with the boomer generation , whose moral and psychological grip on reality is famously suspect .
i think some conservatives are uneasy with him for the reasons you cite ; and because they [colleague] him with the boomer generation , whose moral and psychological grip on reality is famously suspect .

Another common urge was to associate the crash with Halloween .
another common urge was to [colleague] the crash with halloween .

Time alleges that an Al Gore associate who owns a toxic-waste-disposal company received a lucrative Department of Energy contract after making large donations to the Clinton-Gore campaign .
time alleges that an al gore [colleague] who owns a toxic-waste-disposal company received a lucrative department of energy contract after making large donations to the clinton-gore campaign .

The piece , by Whitewater experts Jeff Gerth and Stephen Labaton is mostly a useful summary of old news , but there is new ground broken : the grand jury evidence includes 1 ) a document found last summer in a briefcase in Vince Foster 's attic that impugns Hillary Clinton 's account of how she came to represent James McDougal 's Madison Savings and Loan , and 2 ) Bill Clinton 's testimony that after the initial NYT articles on Whitewater he sent an associate to see McDougal : `` I might have asked him to , you know , talk to him and see if we could have no further damaging articles , but I do n't remember exactly what I said . ''
the piece , by whitewater experts jeff gerth and stephen labaton is mostly a useful summary of old news , but there is new ground broken : the grand jury evidence includes 1 ) a document found last summer in a briefcase in vince foster 's attic that impugns hillary clinton 's account of how she came to represent james mcdougal 's madison savings and loan , and 2 ) bill clinton 's testimony that after the initial nyt articles on whitewater he sent an [colleague] to see mcdougal : `` i might have asked him to , you know , talk to him and see if we could have no further damaging articles , but i do n't remember exactly what i said . ''

Since the dollar was de-linked from gold in 1971 , the Dow has risen about 700 percent , while the prices of the goods we ordinarily associate with the pursuit of happiness -- food , houses , clothes , cars , servants -- have gone up only about 250 percent .
since the dollar was de-linked from gold in 1971 , the dow has risen about 700 percent , while the prices of the goods we ordinarily [colleague] with the pursuit of happiness -- food , houses , clothes , cars , servants -- have gone up only about 250 percent .

What do we learn from the willingness of extreme free-market conservatives to associate themselves with crank doctrines like bionomics ?
what do we learn from the willingness of extreme free-market conservatives to [colleague] themselves with crank doctrines like bionomics ?

Much of the story is fictionalized , of course -- intentionally in most instances , unintentionally in a few others , like when a 60 Minutes associate producer played by Debi Mazar makes a terrible hash of `` Milo Geyelin , '' the name of a Wall Street Journal reporter on the tobacco beat .
much of the story is fictionalized , of course -- intentionally in most instances , unintentionally in a few others , like when a 60 minutes [colleague] producer played by debi mazar makes a terrible hash of `` milo geyelin , '' the name of a wall street journal reporter on the tobacco beat .

Most folks associate the risk-taking cockiness and gaiety of the Katharine-Ben-era Post with Bradlee .
most folks [colleague] the risk-taking cockiness and gaiety of the katharine-ben-era post with bradlee .

The basics of his judicial philosophy are now usefully collated in this volume , which consists of an essay by the associate justice , followed first by responses from Gordon Wood , Laurence Tribe , Mary Ann Glendon , and Ronald Dworkin , and then by a reply from Scalia .
the basics of his judicial philosophy are now usefully collated in this volume , which consists of an essay by the [colleague] justice , followed first by responses from gordon wood , laurence tribe , mary ann glendon , and ronald dworkin , and then by a reply from scalia .

Whatever makes you feel good -- there 's an associate of the Gotti crew named Steven `` the Jew '' Kaplan ( no kidding ) .
whatever makes you feel good -- there 's an [colleague] of the gotti crew named steven `` the jew '' kaplan ( no kidding ) .

USA Today goes with Bill Gates ' announcement that , while remaining chairman of Microsoft , he 's handing over CEO duties to long-time associate Steve Ballmer .
usa today goes with bill gates ' announcement that , while remaining chairman of microsoft , he 's handing over ceo duties to long-time [colleague] steve ballmer .

At the time , the name was much mocked , violating as it did the precept that you do n't choose words ending in the sound `` iss `` because people associate it with disease .
at the time , the name was much mocked , violating as it did the precept that you do n't choose words ending in the sound `` iss `` because people [colleague] it with disease .

Certainly , some religious groups associate sex with sin , which can either be inhibiting or inspiring , depending on your point of view ( and whether or not you own your own vestments ) .
certainly , some religious groups [colleague] sex with sin , which can either be inhibiting or inspiring , depending on your point of view ( and whether or not you own your own vestments ) .

According to Vincent Cornell , an associate professor of religion at Duke University , `` It 's typically used to initiate something , if you 're embarking on a situation where you do n't know the outcome . ''
according to vincent cornell , an [colleague] professor of religion at duke university , `` it 's typically used to initiate something , if you 're embarking on a situation where you do n't know the outcome . ''

As I drift off into unconsciousness , the last thing I want to hear the senior surgeon say to a junior associate is `` This is your first bypass ?
as i drift off into unconsciousness , the last thing i want to hear the senior surgeon say to a junior [colleague] is `` this is your first bypass ?

That is incredibly appealing to kids , especially boys , '' says Susan Linn , associate director of the Media Center of Judge Baker Children 's Center .
that is incredibly appealing to kids , especially boys , '' says susan linn , [colleague] director of the media center of judge baker children 's center .

The following Wednesday , I had to fly to L.A. again , this time with an associate .
the following wednesday , i had to fly to l.a. again , this time with an [colleague] .

I still felt like a total paranoiac when I repacked the contents of my soft carry-on bag into a hard-case bag to check in , and when I asked my associate to do the same .
i still felt like a total paranoiac when i repacked the contents of my soft carry-on bag into a hard-case bag to check in , and when i asked my [colleague] to do the same .

My associate was impressed by my prescience , and we both felt free and in control as we walked off with our hands in our pockets , carrying only a few dollars , the boarding card , and a driver 's license .
my [colleague] was impressed by my prescience , and we both felt free and in control as we walked off with our hands in our pockets , carrying only a few dollars , the boarding card , and a driver 's license .

My associate was returning before me .
my [colleague] was returning before me .

My associate is an Air Force Reservist who has the bearing of `` Iceman '' in Top Gun .
my [colleague] is an air force reservist who has the bearing of `` iceman '' in top gun .

According to the `` relationship theory '' of a Harvard Business School associate professor , further trouble may be on the way .
according to the `` relationship theory '' of a harvard business school [colleague] professor , further trouble may be on the way .

Reporter David Daley of the Hartford Courant has found W. Mark Felt , the former FBI associate director believed by the late Richard Nixon and various other people to have been Deep Throat .
reporter david daley of the hartford courant has found w. mark felt , the former fbi [colleague] director believed by the late richard nixon and various other people to have been deep throat .

Virginia Tech , the undefeated Seminoles became the first team to hold a No.1 Associate Press ranking throughout the entire season .
virginia tech , the undefeated seminoles became the first team to hold a no.1 [colleague] press ranking throughout the entire season .

Rather , those are the qualities News Quiz participants associate with G.M .
rather , those are the qualities news quiz participants [colleague] with g.m .

He was charged with illegal possession of a handgun after an associate allegedly shot and injured three people in a New York club .
he was charged with illegal possession of a handgun after an [colleague] allegedly shot and injured three people in a new york club .

McCain 's cleverest strategy has been to associate the anger story with his POW ordeal .
mccain 's cleverest strategy has been to [colleague] the anger story with his pow ordeal .

According to his lawyer , Shearer took less than $ 25,000 from an associate of Karadzic 's in France in the fall of 1997 .
according to his lawyer , shearer took less than $ 25,000 from an [colleague] of karadzic 's in france in the fall of 1997 .

A reporter asked him about conservative opponents who associate him with his father 's moderation .
a reporter asked him about conservative opponents who [colleague] him with his father 's moderation .

Just to free associate , Prudie , herself , loves jewelry and is known to intimates as Sparkle Plenty .
just to free [colleague] , prudie , herself , loves jewelry and is known to intimates as sparkle plenty .

It 's easy to associate bad outcomes with the current policy .
it 's easy to [colleague] bad outcomes with the current policy .

News Quiz participants mostly associate the activities in today 's question with Littleton or Kosovo , two locales that President Clinton seems unable to connect , even when his hand-wringing about teen violence runs on the same front pages that report NATO bombs and refugee suffering .
news quiz participants mostly [colleague] the activities in today 's question with littleton or kosovo , two locales that president clinton seems unable to connect , even when his hand-wringing about teen violence runs on the same front pages that report nato bombs and refugee suffering .

Your typical 5-year-old does not associate those traits with those ethnic groups .
your typical 5-year-old does not [colleague] those traits with those ethnic groups .

My bewildered associate drafted a longish letter of apology for giving the neighbors offense .
my bewildered [colleague] drafted a longish letter of apology for giving the neighbors offense .

The FBI warned that Coia `` is a criminal associate of the New England Patriarca organized crime family '' and was under confidential investigation .
the fbi warned that coia `` is a criminal [colleague] of the new england patriarca organized crime family '' and was under confidential investigation .

In the past , the most obstinate white opponents of integration ( the Goldwater wing of the Republican Party and conservative Southern Democrats ) argued that people should have the right to associate -- or not to associate -- with whomever they wish .
in the past , the most obstinate white opponents of integration ( the goldwater wing of the republican party and conservative southern democrats ) argued that people should have the right to [colleague] -- or not to [colleague] -- with whomever they wish .

The first meeting concerned the first lady 's activities immediately following associate White House counsel Vincent Foster 's suicide ; the second had to do with her testimony before a grand jury investigating the billing records from her Arkansas law firm .
the first meeting concerned the first lady 's activities immediately following [colleague] white house counsel vincent foster 's suicide ; the second had to do with her testimony before a grand jury investigating the billing records from her arkansas law firm .

In West Virginia and North Carolina , simply `` to lewdly and lasciviously associate '' with anyone other than one 's spouse is to be adulterous .
in west virginia and north carolina , simply `` to lewdly and lasciviously [colleague] '' with anyone other than one 's spouse is to be adulterous .

The Lippo group also paid $ 100,000 to former Associate Attorney General Webster Hubbell last year , while he was waiting to begin a jail term for bilking clients of his former law firm .
the lippo group also paid $ 100,000 to former [colleague] attorney general webster hubbell last year , while he was waiting to begin a jail term for bilking clients of his former law firm .

In the end , the editor decided to delegate the challenge of self-exposure to the New York editor , who delegated it to an associate editor , who delegated it to an assistant editor , who delegated it to the youngest member of our staff , Aidan Weed , whose title is Special Issue of the Publisher .
in the end , the editor decided to delegate the challenge of self-exposure to the new york editor , who delegated it to an [colleague] editor , who delegated it to an assistant editor , who delegated it to the youngest member of our staff , aidan weed , whose title is special issue of the publisher .

Among the first people to join the staff of Slate , way back in 1996 , were Associate Publisher Betsy Davis and Program Manager Bill Barnes .
among the first people to join the staff of slate , way back in 1996 , were [colleague] publisher betsy davis and program manager bill barnes .

As production manager and then associate publisher , Betsy designed and supervised the process by which Slate gets from writers through editors to you .
as production manager and then [colleague] publisher , betsy designed and supervised the process by which slate gets from writers through editors to you .

Loutchansky , who had been invited to meet the president at a $ 25,000-a-plate fund-raiser ( with a ticket paid for by an American business associate ) , was promptly uninvited .
loutchansky , who had been invited to meet the president at a $ 25,000-a-plate fund-raiser ( with a ticket paid for by an american business [colleague] ) , was promptly uninvited .

An associate of his from more than a decade ago , he says , used it from time to time `` along with a lot of other phrases that sounded Yiddish . ''
an [colleague] of his from more than a decade ago , he says , used it from time to time `` along with a lot of other phrases that sounded yiddish . ''

One day in 1970 , three hard-working associate professors of finance scribbled down a few equations on a blackboard , and eureka !
one day in 1970 , three hard-working [colleague] professors of finance scribbled down a few equations on a blackboard , and eureka !

Does Slate think I 'm the only administrator with an administrative deputy or associate ?
does slate think i 'm the only administrator with an administrative deputy or [colleague] ?

The papers make it clear that the scandal 's B-plot is now the controversy over last Sunday 's NYT story , allegedly based on information from an associate of Ken Starr , revealing that Starr has concluded he has the constitutional authority to indict Bill Clinton while he 's still president .
the papers make it clear that the scandal 's b-plot is now the controversy over last sunday 's nyt story , allegedly based on information from an [colleague] of ken starr , revealing that starr has concluded he has the constitutional authority to indict bill clinton while he 's still president .

An NYT front-page article , citing federal law-enforcement officials , says that an associate of wealthy Saudi exile and terrorist financier Osama Bin Laden has been `` tentatively linked '' to the bombings in Kenya and Tanzania .
an nyt front-page article , citing federal law-enforcement officials , says that an [colleague] of wealthy saudi exile and terrorist financier osama bin laden has been `` tentatively linked '' to the bombings in kenya and tanzania .

Although we associate trench warfare with World War I , trenches were characteristic also of the Civil War .
although we [colleague] trench warfare with world war i , trenches were characteristic also of the civil war .

The trouble with all those terms is they associate style with élégance and ignore its jolie-laide dimension .
the trouble with all those terms is they [colleague] style with élégance and ignore its jolie-laide dimension .

This seems too specific to American English [ AE ] speakers who associate the designation with the circus and other entertainments .
this seems too specific to american english [ ae ] speakers who [colleague] the designation with the circus and other entertainments .

How readily St. Jerome might associate these meanings of the more philosophical Greek with the horn imagery of power in the more ancient Hebrew .
how readily st. jerome might [colleague] these meanings of the more philosophical greek with the horn imagery of power in the more ancient hebrew .

Most people associate jest with Shakespeare 's clowns and that over-quoted line from Romeo and Juliet , He jests at scars that never felt a wound .
most people [colleague] jest with shakespeare 's clowns and that over-quoted line from romeo and juliet , he jests at scars that never felt a wound .

As a long-time employee and now associate of New York publishers , I can assure you of that fact .
as a long-time employee and now [colleague] of new york publishers , i can assure you of that fact .

That is not to say that technique is not involved , merely to observe that some dictionaries are better than others because their editors are more literate , imaginative , poetic , and generally possess those attributes with which we associate art rather than technique or mundane craftsmanship .
that is not to say that technique is not involved , merely to observe that some dictionaries are better than others because their editors are more literate , imaginative , poetic , and generally possess those attributes with which we [colleague] art rather than technique or mundane craftsmanship .

The difficulty that arises with mental and psychological afflictions is that the procedures are not well established -- indeed , might be said to be quite chaotic , ranging from putting patients into straitjackets to having them lie down to “ free associate ” or otherwise try to relieve themselves of their burdens , or to administer tranquilizers or other drugs that alter the chemistry of the brain .
the difficulty that arises with mental and psychological afflictions is that the procedures are not well established -- indeed , might be said to be quite chaotic , ranging from putting patients into straitjackets to having them lie down to “ free [colleague] ” or otherwise try to relieve themselves of their burdens , or to administer tranquilizers or other drugs that alter the chemistry of the brain .

His authority derived from intensely personal qualities ; he ruled without the institutional supports we associate with national leadership ; he inspired his followers and revolutionized his country .
his authority derived from intensely personal qualities ; he ruled without the institutional supports we [colleague] with national leadership ; he inspired his followers and revolutionized his country .

In many rural areas west of the Mississippi , where counties can be as big as New England states and cities are few and far between , people do not associate closely with a city , town , village , or any other such entity below the county level .
in many rural areas west of the mississippi , where counties can be as big as new england states and cities are few and far between , people do not [colleague] closely with a city , town , village , or any other such entity below the county level .

Mail , of course , comes to a post office that handles rural route delivery , but those who receive such mail may not live in the place with the post office , and hence do not immediately associate with it .
mail , of course , comes to a post office that handles rural route delivery , but those who receive such mail may not live in the place with the post office , and hence do not immediately [colleague] with it .

In india a sentence that translates into English as Go clean the bowl is used by a murderer to an associate in front of a victim .
in india a sentence that translates into english as go clean the bowl is used by a murderer to an [colleague] in front of a victim .

Speakers of other dialects would pronounce the characters differently but would associate the same meaning with the sentence .
speakers of other dialects would pronounce the characters differently but would [colleague] the same meaning with the sentence .

Professor Norman Shapiro [ XIV,2 ] makes a remark in his letter that I have often thought about , “ the vagaries of eponymous celebrity. ” Fine , indeed , for those whose names we now associate with useful , beautiful , or beneficial items .
professor norman shapiro [ xiv,2 ] makes a remark in his letter that i have often thought about , “ the vagaries of eponymous celebrity. ” fine , indeed , for those whose names we now [colleague] with useful , beautiful , or beneficial items .

Could we not , for that very reason , more rigorously associate cures or treatments with their discoverers ?
could we not , for that very reason , more rigorously [colleague] cures or treatments with their discoverers ?

I wonder how many common , ordinary , garden-variety Frenchmen would associate these as tinkling symbols of a Roman Emperor .
i wonder how many common , ordinary , garden-variety frenchmen would [colleague] these as tinkling symbols of a roman emperor .

McDavid agreed to become involved , came to New York , and brought Audrey Duckert ( of Amherst , Massachusetts ) into the picture as his associate .
mcdavid agreed to become involved , came to new york , and brought audrey duckert ( of amherst , massachusetts ) into the picture as his [colleague] .

In fact , we could associate to each English word one of our new words .
in fact , we could [colleague] to each english word one of our new words .

