For the most part , however , the new version is contemporary and , as such , should be the means for many to attain a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of Christ .
for the most part , however , the new version is contemporary and , as such , should be the means for many to [get] a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of christ .

We will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements , through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to Christian standards , and through leaders in the government .
we will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to [get] those ideals through reform movements , through programmes for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to christian standards , and through leaders in the government .

The music is always allowed the living space needed to attain its full sonority ; ;
the music is always allowed the living space needed to [get] its full sonority ; ;

A heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land .
a heterogeneous people have needed it to [get] an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land .

In this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages .
in this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not [get] its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages .

Diplomats stayed up nights thinking of ways to attain peaceful coexistence , not with Nikita Khrushchev , but with John Rooney .
diplomats stayed up nights thinking of ways to [get] peaceful coexistence , not with nikita khrushchev , but with john rooney .

But for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case .
but for it to be just to [get] this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case .

Oedipus and Lear attain similar insights by virtue of similar blindness .
oedipus and lear [get] similar insights by virtue of similar blindness .

Others have so-called development plans , but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them .
others have so-called development plans , but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to [get] them .

We are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity .
we are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to [get] high sensitivity .

By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership .
by supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to [get] ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership .

Data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length .
data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , [get] the greatest length .

It is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity , but this apparently is an overestimation .
it is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to [get] maturity , but this apparently is an overestimation .

In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls .
in order to [get] the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls .

It is conceived that one of the means to attain this social distance is that of physical and social isolation .
it is conceived that one of the means to [get] this social distance is that of physical and social isolation .

When helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation , then , and only then , does such a child attain unusual success .
when helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation , then , and only then , does such a child [get] unusual success .

One purpose of the change was to attain sympathetic enforcement of rights insured by the Civil War amendments against state interference .
one purpose of the change was to [get] sympathetic enforcement of rights insured by the civil war amendments against state interference .

The convoluted sheets can be combined to attain certain cushioning effects mechanically rather than chemically .
the convoluted sheets can be combined to [get] certain cushioning effects mechanically rather than chemically .

She called , trying to attain a half humorous resentment at his departure .
she called , trying to [get] a half humorous resentment at his departure .

She was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to attain an `` American Girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween .
she was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to [get] an `` american girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to halloween .

No state can attain the ideal in every respect .
no state can [get] the ideal in every respect .

He also said that employers who failed to train staff should face the penalty of a higher training levy and spoke of the need to enhance the value of labour to attain a high skill , high tech , high productivity and a high wage economy .
he also said that employers who failed to train staff should face the penalty of a higher training levy and spoke of the need to enhance the value of labour to [get] a high skill , high tech , high productivity and a high wage economy .

One of the other important factors which helped Hastings attain the most distinguished accolade in British rugby was his relationship with Lions ' coach Ian McGeechan .
one of the other important factors which helped hastings [get] the most distinguished accolade in british rugby was his relationship with lions ' coach ian mcgeechan .

Imminent and uncharacteristic collapse does not seem likely at Ibrox , where tomorrow Rangers will attain a post-war Scottish record if they draw with , or win against , Hearts .
imminent and uncharacteristic collapse does not seem likely at ibrox , where tomorrow rangers will [get] a post-war scottish record if they draw with , or win against , hearts .

If a girl is both virtuous and spirited she will surely attain her desires without sacrificing either society 's values or her own .
if a girl is both virtuous and spirited she will surely [get] her desires without sacrificing either society 's values or her own .

All issues have to have approval from the Bank of England if they are to be re-discountable at the Bank of England and attain eligible status .
all issues have to have approval from the bank of england if they are to be re-discountable at the bank of england and [get] eligible status .

Enterprises have been required to achieve financial targets concerning rates of return on capital or revenue , and to attain minimum rates of return on investment programmes .
enterprises have been required to achieve financial targets concerning rates of return on capital or revenue , and to [get] minimum rates of return on investment programmes .

They fry can be left with the parents until they attain anything up to one inch in length , but it is often advisable to remove the parents long before this .
they fry can be left with the parents until they [get] anything up to one inch in length , but it is often advisable to remove the parents long before this .

It takes approximately four years in the British climate for a fish to attain that length ( and equivalent weight of about 1lb 4oz ) .
it takes approximately four years in the british climate for a fish to [get] that length ( and equivalent weight of about 1lb 4oz ) .

The extra speed and stride that the longer hind legs could attain was hampered by the slow speed of the shorter front ones .
the extra speed and stride that the longer hind legs could [get] was hampered by the slow speed of the shorter front ones .

The cheetah can attain speeds of 97 kph for about 18 seconds , but soon slows down if his prey eludes him .
the cheetah can [get] speeds of 97 kph for about 18 seconds , but soon slows down if his prey eludes him .

He accepts that it is impossible for mortal man to lay claim to attain , or to possess , perfect Truth .
he accepts that it is impossible for mortal man to lay claim to [get] , or to possess , perfect truth .

’ Aldous Huxley may well have been echoing Gandhi when he maintained that the means whereby we attain something are as important as the end if not more important .
’ aldous huxley may well have been echoing gandhi when he maintained that the means whereby we [get] something are as important as the end if not more important .

But more than that , it was evident that in struggling to attain a communal harmony which was in all likelihood unattainable , Britain ran the risk of throwing away her only chance of retiring from India in good order .
but more than that , it was evident that in struggling to [get] a communal harmony which was in all likelihood unattainable , britain ran the risk of throwing away her only chance of retiring from india in good order .

But fish never stop growing from the day they hatch to their death , even if the growth rate slows dramatically once they attain sexual maturity .
but fish never stop growing from the day they hatch to their death , even if the growth rate slows dramatically once they [get] sexual maturity .

Like the previous species it grows to about 20cm in the wild , but is more likely to attain half this size in captivity .
like the previous species it grows to about 20cm in the wild , but is more likely to [get] half this size in captivity .

Gross examined over one dozen research projects on corporate career mobility and was able to discern some ‘ distinctive features ’ of those who attain ‘ top positions ’ .
gross examined over one dozen research projects on corporate career mobility and was able to discern some ‘ distinctive features ’ of those who [get] ‘ top positions ’ .

Their ambition will not be merely personal , for they will have discovered that their own goals are best pursued through assisting the organization to attain its goals .
their ambition will not be merely personal , for they will have discovered that their own goals are best pursued through assisting the organization to [get] its goals .

While this is less true , or even untrue at the bottom of the organization , those at the top share directly in the benefits of organizational goal achievement , such as seeing their stock values go up , deferred compensation , and fringe benefits … Further , being at or near the top , these persons are those most strongly identified with the goals of the organization … they believe in the , organization , they want to attain its goals , they profit personally from such goal attainment .
while this is less true , or even untrue at the bottom of the organization , those at the top share directly in the benefits of organizational goal achievement , such as seeing their stock values go up , deferred compensation , and fringe benefits … further , being at or near the top , these persons are those most strongly identified with the goals of the organization … they believe in the , organization , they want to [get] its goals , they profit personally from such goal attainment .

So they will try hard to help the organization attain those goals .
so they will try hard to help the organization [get] those goals .

Finally , if the organization must engage in illegal activities to attain its goals , men with a non-demanding moral code will have the least compunctions about engaging in such behaviour .
finally , if the organization must engage in illegal activities to [get] its goals , men with a non-demanding moral code will have the least compunctions about engaging in such behaviour .

In relation to nationalised industries , it is commonplace to vest in a particular Minister of the Crown a power to issue general directives as to the running of the industry in question but this is again nothing more than a matter of organisational preference ; not , of course a preference which is a matter of caprice but which is based on notions of the best procedures to attain the objective in view .
in relation to nationalised industries , it is commonplace to vest in a particular minister of the crown a power to issue general directives as to the running of the industry in question but this is again nothing more than a matter of organisational preference ; not , of course a preference which is a matter of caprice but which is based on notions of the best procedures to [get] the objective in view .

Persons under 18 but who will attain the age during the current year are entitled to be registered in anticipation of attaining that age .
persons under 18 but who will [get] the age during the current year are entitled to be registered in anticipation of attaining that age .

‘ Regulations ’ are directly applicable within each member state without more ado ; ‘ directives ’ require member states to attain specified ends but leave the means of attainment to the individual member state .
‘ regulations ’ are directly applicable within each member state without more ado ; ‘ directives ’ require member states to [get] specified ends but leave the means of attainment to the individual member state .

He succeeded in glamorising his own wines extraordinarily well , but the reputation of Sillery did not attain its zenith until the eighteenth century when , under the Maréchale d'Éstrées , the only child of Louis-Philogène , the sixth Marquis , the estate had accumulated a vast holding of vineyards .
he succeeded in glamorising his own wines extraordinarily well , but the reputation of sillery did not [get] its zenith until the eighteenth century when , under the maréchale d'éstrées , the only child of louis-philogène , the sixth marquis , the estate had accumulated a vast holding of vineyards .

Today , it is difficult to define a particular Hautvillers style : all have a good fruit content , and although some are perhaps lacking in definition , the finest attain great distinction , balancing high extract with a delicacy of flavour .
today , it is difficult to define a particular hautvillers style : all have a good fruit content , and although some are perhaps lacking in definition , the finest [get] great distinction , balancing high extract with a delicacy of flavour .

One : the gifts and calling of the Holy Spirit given that we may attain unity and maturity ( 4:1–16 ) .
one : the gifts and calling of the holy spirit given that we may [get] unity and maturity ( 4:1–16 ) .

Tests are being devised for children with special needs expected to attain lower levels three to one .
tests are being devised for children with special needs expected to [get] lower levels three to one .

This doctrine appears in an altered form in the Preface to Lyrical Ballads where Wordsworth tells us that he had written about ‘ low and rustic life … because in that situation the essential passions of the heart find a better soil in which they can attain their maturity ’ .
this doctrine appears in an altered form in the preface to lyrical ballads where wordsworth tells us that he had written about ‘ low and rustic life … because in that situation the essential passions of the heart find a better soil in which they can [get] their maturity ’ .

If they are accurate , the new Foxbats can not only evade our missiles , they can attain the very top level of the stratosphere , and maintain a speed which is only marginally sub-orbital .
if they are accurate , the new foxbats can not only evade our missiles , they can [get] the very top level of the stratosphere , and maintain a speed which is only marginally sub-orbital .

The more History attempts to transcend its own rootedness in historicity , and the greater the efforts it makes to attain , beyond the historical relativity of its origin and its choices , the sphere of universality , the more clearly it bears the marks of its historical birth , and the more evidently there appears through it the history of which it is itself a part … inversely , the more it accepts its relativity , and the more deeply it sinks into the movement it shares with what it is recounting , then the more it tends to the slenderness of the narrative , and all the positive content it obtained for itself through the human sciences is dissipated . ( 371 )
the more history attempts to transcend its own rootedness in historicity , and the greater the efforts it makes to [get] , beyond the historical relativity of its origin and its choices , the sphere of universality , the more clearly it bears the marks of its historical birth , and the more evidently there appears through it the history of which it is itself a part … inversely , the more it accepts its relativity , and the more deeply it sinks into the movement it shares with what it is recounting , then the more it tends to the slenderness of the narrative , and all the positive content it obtained for itself through the human sciences is dissipated . ( 371 )

Their strategy was to claim that output targets were unattainable , and not to attain them .
their strategy was to claim that output targets were unattainable , and not to [get] them .

Thus two students could attain the same marks , but the way in which the marks were interpreted depended on the perception held for each student .
thus two students could [get] the same marks , but the way in which the marks were interpreted depended on the perception held for each student .

This content has to be packaged to identify the ‘ knowledge , skills and understanding which pupils of different abilities and maturities ’ are to attain at ages seven , 11 , 14 and 16 ; that is the objectives , means and evaluation of each .
this content has to be packaged to identify the ‘ knowledge , skills and understanding which pupils of different abilities and maturities ’ are to [get] at ages seven , 11 , 14 and 16 ; that is the objectives , means and evaluation of each .

Thus an able 11-year-old pupil might attain level 7 in a particular subject while a pupil of the same age in the same school who has learning difficulties might reach level 3 .
thus an able 11-year-old pupil might [get] level 7 in a particular subject while a pupil of the same age in the same school who has learning difficulties might reach level 3 .

His ‘ robust realism ’ results from the fact that he can not attain the standpoint of transcendental reflection from which he can notice what we take to be idealist tendencies in his work .
his ‘ robust realism ’ results from the fact that he can not [get] the standpoint of transcendental reflection from which he can notice what we take to be idealist tendencies in his work .

Nor could Jaq imagine that she could attain the full strength of a purestrain Stealer — though her own strength was formidable , even when unenhanced .
nor could jaq imagine that she could [get] the full strength of a purestrain stealer — though her own strength was formidable , even when unenhanced .

Pants alarm Recent research has shown that a pants alarm can help children attain daytime bladder control after the age of 5 years ( Halliday et al .
pants alarm recent research has shown that a pants alarm can help children [get] daytime bladder control after the age of 5 years ( halliday et al .

Sometimes the behaviours to be learned are too complicated for the child to attain at once .
sometimes the behaviours to be learned are too complicated for the child to [get] at once .

In short , the rationalist attitude … is very similar to the scientific attitude , to the belief that in the search for truth we need co-operation , and that , with the help of argument , we can in time attain something like objectivity .
in short , the rationalist attitude … is very similar to the scientific attitude , to the belief that in the search for truth we need co-operation , and that , with the help of argument , we can in time [get] something like objectivity .

Despite the size that this fish can attain , it remains a peaceful fish .
despite the size that this fish can [get] , it remains a peaceful fish .

Males can attain a length of 9″ females are smaller .
males can [get] a length of 9″ females are smaller .

If the attributes were the same , then simple inheritance would attain .
if the attributes were the same , then simple inheritance would [get] .

An ideal programme to help those in poverty ( which is probably impossible to attain in reality ) may be defined as one which meets the needs of the people concerned , without adversely affecting their incentive to self-help , by which means the individuals might reduce or eliminate reliance ( or dependency ) on the state .
an ideal programme to help those in poverty ( which is probably impossible to [get] in reality ) may be defined as one which meets the needs of the people concerned , without adversely affecting their incentive to self-help , by which means the individuals might reduce or eliminate reliance ( or dependency ) on the state .

The neutron flux so far obtained is insufficient to attain the desired accuracy of measurement .
the neutron flux so far obtained is insufficient to [get] the desired accuracy of measurement .

Bacterial spores can withstand extremes of hot and cold , not to mention the vacuum of space , for extended periods , germinating only when they attain more favourable environments .
bacterial spores can withstand extremes of hot and cold , not to mention the vacuum of space , for extended periods , germinating only when they [get] more favourable environments .

Humans are not the only animals to display the habit known as pair-bonding — the practice whereby parents stay together throughout the time that their offspring require to attain adulthood .
humans are not the only animals to display the habit known as pair-bonding — the practice whereby parents stay together throughout the time that their offspring require to [get] adulthood .

The more uncertain and defensive you are , the more difficult it will be to attain your objectives .
the more uncertain and defensive you are , the more difficult it will be to [get] your objectives .

In the end , it is this concise statement more than any other that will set the direction , and probably the pace , for improvement across all sites as they seek to attain a level of performance that has been demonstrated as fully attainable elsewhere in the same company .
in the end , it is this concise statement more than any other that will set the direction , and probably the pace , for improvement across all sites as they seek to [get] a level of performance that has been demonstrated as fully attainable elsewhere in the same company .

While all the studies used for this paper do not attain this ideal , the effort to articulate material that is not readily available through more conventional studies of workers ' images of society , for instance , may serve to make some point in the social landscape between the ‘ centres ’ of workers ' and managers ' worlds and that of social scientists .
while all the studies used for this paper do not [get] this ideal , the effort to articulate material that is not readily available through more conventional studies of workers ' images of society , for instance , may serve to make some point in the social landscape between the ‘ centres ’ of workers ' and managers ' worlds and that of social scientists .

Ultimately the individual attempts to attain maturity or mature dependence on other objects in the environment .
ultimately the individual attempts to [get] maturity or mature dependence on other objects in the environment .

Dolphins ( and many other sea creatures ) can , by muscular power and their own dynamic shape , attain speeds in water which man can not yet emulate without using excessive amounts of power .
dolphins ( and many other sea creatures ) can , by muscular power and their own dynamic shape , [get] speeds in water which man can not yet emulate without using excessive amounts of power .

Even those who attain high levels may not choose to ( a substantial proportion of graduates in science and technology do not pursue careers in these ) .
even those who [get] high levels may not choose to ( a substantial proportion of graduates in science and technology do not pursue careers in these ) .

Should he divorce , he can still attain the throne .
should he divorce , he can still [get] the throne .

Lord George did not long remain in command of such a small vessel , however , and no sooner did he attain a more substantial command than the Duke of Montrose sent orders for the sons of the lairds of Auchenbowie and Balfunning to be sent to London with a view to joining Lord George .
lord george did not long remain in command of such a small vessel , however , and no sooner did he [get] a more substantial command than the duke of montrose sent orders for the sons of the lairds of auchenbowie and balfunning to be sent to london with a view to joining lord george .

These include goals and targets agreed by each expert with his or her head of department which the expert will be required to attain over the coming year .
these include goals and targets agreed by each expert with his or her head of department which the expert will be required to [get] over the coming year .

So Brunner rejected the possibility of an independent natural theology in which man could attain to knowledge of God through the general revelation in nature ; for the defacing of the image of God in him had made that impossible .
so brunner rejected the possibility of an independent natural theology in which man could [get] to knowledge of god through the general revelation in nature ; for the defacing of the image of god in him had made that impossible .

The Mississippi Paddlefish is reputed to attain a weight of 68 kilos ( 150 lb ) and measures almost 2m ( 6′ ) in length .
the mississippi paddlefish is reputed to [get] a weight of 68 kilos ( 150 lb ) and measures almost 2m ( 6′ ) in length .

It follows that a particular score from an intelligence appraisal can be a useful cut-off point in that those who do not attain the cut-off should not be expected to cope with the demands of the particular task .
it follows that a particular score from an intelligence appraisal can be a useful cut-off point in that those who do not [get] the cut-off should not be expected to cope with the demands of the particular task .

Moreover , given that such firms will wish to attain stable parameters for future planning within the undertaking over extended time-horizons , in order to reduce uncertainty , the need to secure market regulation will not be the only motivation to associate .
moreover , given that such firms will wish to [get] stable parameters for future planning within the undertaking over extended time-horizons , in order to reduce uncertainty , the need to secure market regulation will not be the only motivation to associate .

They argued that sinners were quite unable to attain salvation through their own merits or through the long process of confession , repentance , and partial purification , and that justification or redemption was obtainable only at a stroke through the gift of faith from God made possible by Christ 's sacrifice .
they argued that sinners were quite unable to [get] salvation through their own merits or through the long process of confession , repentance , and partial purification , and that justification or redemption was obtainable only at a stroke through the gift of faith from god made possible by christ 's sacrifice .

Their insecurities were doubtless increased through reading theological works such as William Perkins ' Whether a Man , published in 1589 , which argued that a reprobate might attain temporary faith and ‘ seem both unto himself and to the Church of God to be a true professor of the Gospel , and yet indeed be none ’ .
their insecurities were doubtless increased through reading theological works such as william perkins ' whether a man , published in 1589 , which argued that a reprobate might [get] temporary faith and ‘ seem both unto himself and to the church of god to be a true professor of the gospel , and yet indeed be none ’ .

While accepting that Roman Catholicism contained many errors and abuses , they denied that the pope was the Antichrist and that it was impossible for Catholics to attain salvation .
while accepting that roman catholicism contained many errors and abuses , they denied that the pope was the antichrist and that it was impossible for catholics to [get] salvation .

One thrust of this revolt displayed itself in a widespread attachment to the established church of the pre-1625 period , with its more relaxed doctrinal approach that was able to accommodate the beliefs of Richard Hooker as well as those of the compilers of the Lambeth Articles ; the other took the form of the ‘ left-wing Arminianism ’ of radical groups such as the General Baptists and Quakers , who rejected the rigidities of predestination in favour of the belief that all could attain salvation , and who , it is argued , won much popular support as a consequence .
one thrust of this revolt displayed itself in a widespread attachment to the established church of the pre-1625 period , with its more relaxed doctrinal approach that was able to accommodate the beliefs of richard hooker as well as those of the compilers of the lambeth articles ; the other took the form of the ‘ left-wing arminianism ’ of radical groups such as the general baptists and quakers , who rejected the rigidities of predestination in favour of the belief that all could [get] salvation , and who , it is argued , won much popular support as a consequence .

All children should be enabled to attain a full command of the English language , both spoken and written .
all children should be enabled to [get] a full command of the english language , both spoken and written .

There is much evidence of the ways in which bilingual children can best be helped to attain competence in English .
there is much evidence of the ways in which bilingual children can best be helped to [get] competence in english .

When such pupils attain level 1 , the fact that , despite their difficulties , they have started down the curricular path should be acknowledged as a real achievement .
when such pupils [get] level 1 , the fact that , despite their difficulties , they have started down the curricular path should be acknowledged as a real achievement .

Würstchen did not find peaceful slumber easy to attain at Death Bivouac .
würstchen did not find peaceful slumber easy to [get] at death bivouac .

She , the guide , may seem to be several steps removed from the hurly-burly of normal life , living in another dimension , having a clearer vision of past and future than we normally attain .
she , the guide , may seem to be several steps removed from the hurly-burly of normal life , living in another dimension , having a clearer vision of past and future than we normally [get] .

We can also , through being placed within complete physical limitations , discover our freedom to transcend these and attain knowledge unfettered by physical constraint .
we can also , through being placed within complete physical limitations , discover our freedom to transcend these and [get] knowledge unfettered by physical constraint .

Their failure to attain status comparable to that of older market-sector professions corrodes ‘ middle class , conservatism .
their failure to [get] status comparable to that of older market-sector professions corrodes ‘ middle class , conservatism .

Some considered it to Mosley 's credit that a man who had the ability to attain the highest office in government should have ignored the rules of the political game because of his devotion to principle .
some considered it to mosley 's credit that a man who had the ability to [get] the highest office in government should have ignored the rules of the political game because of his devotion to principle .

Just imagine what a seven foot gauge ‘ King ’ or ‘ Castle ’ , built out to the full loading gauge , could have achieved or what speeds modern diesel and electric seven foot trains might attain ! It certainly would have straightened out a lot of Brunel 's more tortuous routes !
just imagine what a seven foot gauge ‘ king ’ or ‘ castle ’ , built out to the full loading gauge , could have achieved or what speeds modern diesel and electric seven foot trains might [get] ! it certainly would have straightened out a lot of brunel 's more tortuous routes !

The star of this anniversary show , however , will be the National Railway Museum 4-4-0 ‘ City of Truro ’ No. 3440 which made world history in 1904 as the first steam locomotive to attain 100 miles per hour while descending nearby Wellington Bank !
the star of this anniversary show , however , will be the national railway museum 4-4-0 ‘ city of truro ’ no. 3440 which made world history in 1904 as the first steam locomotive to [get] 100 miles per hour while descending nearby wellington bank !

Once the ideal conditions have been decided , every effort must be made to attain them .
once the ideal conditions have been decided , every effort must be made to [get] them .

In spite of my appeals for him to make some effort to intervene with the King , who could often attain success with a father bent on violent punishment , Kareem dismissed my cries of alarm with unconcealed irritation and insisted the subject be dropped .
in spite of my appeals for him to make some effort to intervene with the king , who could often [get] success with a father bent on violent punishment , kareem dismissed my cries of alarm with unconcealed irritation and insisted the subject be dropped .

The most widely accepted definition of tool use is that it is the use of some external object as an extension of the body to attain an immediate objective .
the most widely accepted definition of tool use is that it is the use of some external object as an extension of the body to [get] an immediate objective .

Drugs and hypnosis were all very well as tools for coping with the hormonal storms caused by the superhuman organs his body housed ; but what he must attain swiftly was a superhuman mind which could command the body to fight on irrespective of injury .
drugs and hypnosis were all very well as tools for coping with the hormonal storms caused by the superhuman organs his body housed ; but what he must [get] swiftly was a superhuman mind which could command the body to fight on irrespective of injury .

Indeed , staff often felt themselves to have failed if patients could not attain an independent life-style .
indeed , staff often felt themselves to have failed if patients could not [get] an independent life-style .

The central aim , he explained , was to attain a ‘ qualitatively new state of Soviet society through acceleration of the country 's socioeconomic development ’ .
the central aim , he explained , was to [get] a ‘ qualitatively new state of soviet society through acceleration of the country 's socioeconomic development ’ .

As between the three common law Inns the choice does not really matter : you can quite well be a member of one Inn , become a pupil in chambers belonging to a second , and in due course attain a seat in chambers belonging to a third .
as between the three common law inns the choice does not really matter : you can quite well be a member of one inn , become a pupil in chambers belonging to a second , and in due course [get] a seat in chambers belonging to a third .

But it is also helpful to see how such principles have been put into operation , and for this reason we look now at a discussion of two large urban sociolinguistic research projects , in Philadelphia and Belfast , which have utilized a range of different methods to attain different types of goal .
but it is also helpful to see how such principles have been put into operation , and for this reason we look now at a discussion of two large urban sociolinguistic research projects , in philadelphia and belfast , which have utilized a range of different methods to [get] different types of goal .

In contrast with the design of the New York City interviews , no attempt is made to attain breadth of coverage ( by sampling ) and depth of linguistic information ( by eliciting both formal and casual speech styles ) in a single operation .
in contrast with the design of the new york city interviews , no attempt is made to [get] breadth of coverage ( by sampling ) and depth of linguistic information ( by eliciting both formal and casual speech styles ) in a single operation .

As in Philadelphia , the Belfast study made use of two distinctly different methods to attain different goals .
as in philadelphia , the belfast study made use of two distinctly different methods to [get] different goals .

The general principle of the Belfast doorstep survey is quite similar to that of Labov 's telephone survey in that neither are designed to attain any depth of insight into , for example , stylistic variation , or the structure of a speaker 's vernacular .
the general principle of the belfast doorstep survey is quite similar to that of labov 's telephone survey in that neither are designed to [get] any depth of insight into , for example , stylistic variation , or the structure of a speaker 's vernacular .

Certainly , speakers are free to select from a wide range of surface forms in order to achieve a particular communicative purpose , and it is quite likely that they will do so to attain appropriate levels of politeness , solidarity or social distance .
certainly , speakers are free to select from a wide range of surface forms in order to achieve a particular communicative purpose , and it is quite likely that they will do so to [get] appropriate levels of politeness , solidarity or social distance .

In addition to the crime of conspiracy , there is the civil wrong ( or tort ) of conspiracy , consisting of an agreement which has been acted on and which is made in order to attain either an unlawful object or a lawful object by unlawful means .
in addition to the crime of conspiracy , there is the civil wrong ( or tort ) of conspiracy , consisting of an agreement which has been acted on and which is made in order to [get] either an unlawful object or a lawful object by unlawful means .

One of Wilson 's associates was a gentleman who was later to attain a high degree of publicity and notoriety , namely Joseph Kagan .
one of wilson 's associates was a gentleman who was later to [get] a high degree of publicity and notoriety , namely joseph kagan .

It is unlikely that more than a tiny proportion of farms will attain the bureaucratic structure associated with agribusinessmen farmers , but they are regarded suspiciously as possible Trojan horses introducing alien patterns of labour relations into the countryside .
it is unlikely that more than a tiny proportion of farms will [get] the bureaucratic structure associated with agribusinessmen farmers , but they are regarded suspiciously as possible trojan horses introducing alien patterns of labour relations into the countryside .

It suggests that the individual can not be seen in isolation from the other parts of the system , and that each part of the system is essential and related to every other part in order to attain a certain outcome .
it suggests that the individual can not be seen in isolation from the other parts of the system , and that each part of the system is essential and related to every other part in order to [get] a certain outcome .

Independence would provide a ‘ golden bridge ’ whereby the Marhaens could attain a just social order .
independence would provide a ‘ golden bridge ’ whereby the marhaens could [get] a just social order .

It does not exclude anything ; but that is not to say that it can attain everything .
it does not exclude anything ; but that is not to say that it can [get] everything .

The Chancellor could grant a remedy to an individual where the common law did not provide a remedy , the aim being to attain justice in each case .
the chancellor could grant a remedy to an individual where the common law did not provide a remedy , the aim being to [get] justice in each case .

The neighbour principle did not attain ready acceptance for some years after 1932 , whereas Lord Wilberforce 's statement in Anns became broadly accepted at once .
the neighbour principle did not [get] ready acceptance for some years after 1932 , whereas lord wilberforce 's statement in anns became broadly accepted at once .

Industry 's motivation is to make a profit , and a company 's ‘ geographical behaviour ’ is part of trying to attain that aim : changing location could be a way of staying profitable .
industry 's motivation is to make a profit , and a company 's ‘ geographical behaviour ’ is part of trying to [get] that aim : changing location could be a way of staying profitable .

By contrast ‘ systems budgeting ’ , as with some forms of programme budgeting , considers the allocation of funds as necessary to attain future objectives .
by contrast ‘ systems budgeting ’ , as with some forms of programme budgeting , considers the allocation of funds as necessary to [get] future objectives .

In order to achieve this , they must attain seniority , with the implication that the South does well out of the Federal budget because its members of Congress are more likely , on average , to be reelected and therefore climb the seniority ladder .
in order to achieve this , they must [get] seniority , with the implication that the south does well out of the federal budget because its members of congress are more likely , on average , to be reelected and therefore climb the seniority ladder .

' ’ Are they likely to be able to attain it and maintain it ?
' ’ are they likely to be able to [get] it and maintain it ?

Contrasting the ‘ altruistic solidarity ’ of Asian culture with the Western ‘ middle-class ’ culture of ‘ individualism ’ and ‘ competition ’ , Rex concludes : ‘ Thus , being a good Indian and being a successful middle-class student at the same time are by no means easy goals to attain .
contrasting the ‘ altruistic solidarity ’ of asian culture with the western ‘ middle-class ’ culture of ‘ individualism ’ and ‘ competition ’ , rex concludes : ‘ thus , being a good indian and being a successful middle-class student at the same time are by no means easy goals to [get] .

The vice-chancellor and all professors , readers , lecturers and other salaried officers of the university shall vacate their office on the 30th day of September following the date on which they attain the age of 65 years unless the council … shall request any such officer to continue in office for such period as it shall from time to time determine provided that in the case of such persons holding office on 30 September 1977 , the date shall be that on which they attain the age of 67 years .
the vice-chancellor and all professors , readers , lecturers and other salaried officers of the university shall vacate their office on the 30th day of september following the date on which they [get] the age of 65 years unless the council … shall request any such officer to continue in office for such period as it shall from time to time determine provided that in the case of such persons holding office on 30 september 1977 , the date shall be that on which they [get] the age of 67 years .

In our experience , those students who work to a study time-table never fail to attain the standard expected by the examiners — it is not a very demanding one .
in our experience , those students who work to a study time-table never fail to [get] the standard expected by the examiners — it is not a very demanding one .

Then work out a way that you can attain that goal over a period of time .
then work out a way that you can [get] that goal over a period of time .

When the fish attain this size with the neon glow just starting to shine , they will eat crushed flake food or one of the many fry foods on the market .
when the fish [get] this size with the neon glow just starting to shine , they will eat crushed flake food or one of the many fry foods on the market .

As people evaluate and celebrate the successes of their actions , they will identify what they 've gained and what they have been unable to attain through the particular action .
as people evaluate and celebrate the successes of their actions , they will identify what they 've gained and what they have been unable to [get] through the particular action .

Sue is convinced that it 's vital for young people to be exposed as early as possible to The Arts and attain a clearer understanding of life as a professional creative person .
sue is convinced that it 's vital for young people to be exposed as early as possible to the arts and [get] a clearer understanding of life as a professional creative person .

Nevertheless , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .
nevertheless , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually [get] a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .

But the division of labour within the enterprise is not a juggernaut which crushes out all trace of ‘ skill ’ or peculiarity in the wage-labour of each and every branch of production , and neither can the ‘ capitalist ’ attain the Taylorist ideal of total control over labour .
but the division of labour within the enterprise is not a juggernaut which crushes out all trace of ‘ skill ’ or peculiarity in the wage-labour of each and every branch of production , and neither can the ‘ capitalist ’ [get] the taylorist ideal of total control over labour .

These include the Savinjski and Kamniški Alps , which attain heights of over 2,000 m ( 6,560 ft ) , and the high plateau of Pohorje , near Maribor , which rises to over 1,300 m ( 4,260 ft ) .
these include the savinjski and kamniški alps , which [get] heights of over 2,000 m ( 6,560 ft ) , and the high plateau of pohorje , near maribor , which rises to over 1,300 m ( 4,260 ft ) .

Also taken from Paracelsus was the idea that the new science and medicine were biblically sanctioned and destined to attain a new level of control over nature .
also taken from paracelsus was the idea that the new science and medicine were biblically sanctioned and destined to [get] a new level of control over nature .

The new science was guided by his conviction that the ‘ light of nature ’ endowed the human race with the capacity to attain dominion over nature and , indeed , command over the stars .
the new science was guided by his conviction that the ‘ light of nature ’ endowed the human race with the capacity to [get] dominion over nature and , indeed , command over the stars .

Foreign language students do not generally attain the same kind of competence as first language speakers , but they too manage to operate the systems of communication as a whole .
foreign language students do not generally [get] the same kind of competence as first language speakers , but they too manage to operate the systems of communication as a whole .

To walk the overgrown towpath to Branson 's barge , bang your head as you descended the small , brass-railed ladder and step over the pile of nappies ; to be served stir-fried vegetables and noodles , fresh orange juice and Perrier ; to be treated to a private exposition of what were becoming the most famous teeth in the record industry — to attain these was a sign that a group was truly regarded as important .
to walk the overgrown towpath to branson 's barge , bang your head as you descended the small , brass-railed ladder and step over the pile of nappies ; to be served stir-fried vegetables and noodles , fresh orange juice and perrier ; to be treated to a private exposition of what were becoming the most famous teeth in the record industry — to [get] these was a sign that a group was truly regarded as important .

‘ 1 . the existence of a duty to take care , which is owed by the defendant to the complainant ; 2. the failure to attain that standard of care , prescribed by the law , thereby committing a breach of such duty ; and 3. damage , which is both causally connected with such breach and recognised by the law , has been occasioned to the complainant : ’
‘ 1 . the existence of a duty to take care , which is owed by the defendant to the complainant ; 2. the failure to [get] that standard of care , prescribed by the law , thereby committing a breach of such duty ; and 3. damage , which is both causally connected with such breach and recognised by the law , has been occasioned to the complainant : ’

Following the success of Tracy Edwards and her Maiden crew in the Whitbread Round the World Race , women involved in yachting are realising that they have a great chance to attain their sailing goals .
following the success of tracy edwards and her maiden crew in the whitbread round the world race , women involved in yachting are realising that they have a great chance to [get] their sailing goals .

Although a well-designed sports shoe should absorb the impact on the 28 bones in each foot , claims about miracle technology , making your feet feel fantastic while helping you to attain Olympic standards , should be taken with a pinch of salt .
although a well-designed sports shoe should absorb the impact on the 28 bones in each foot , claims about miracle technology , making your feet feel fantastic while helping you to [get] olympic standards , should be taken with a pinch of salt .

But as he grew older , and felt the signs of decay in his mortal body , he rejoiced to think that his inner man was being renewed every day , until he should attain that ‘ being at home with the Lord ’ to which his whole Christian life was directed and of which he had been given the Holy Spirit as a guarantee ( 2 Cor .
but as he grew older , and felt the signs of decay in his mortal body , he rejoiced to think that his inner man was being renewed every day , until he should [get] that ‘ being at home with the lord ’ to which his whole christian life was directed and of which he had been given the holy spirit as a guarantee ( 2 cor .

In Britain , the political system is grounded in a fundamental consensus as to the desired ends of public policy and the means to attain them , and so the rules of the interest group game are set by society to ensure `` fair play `` and free access for all legitimate interests that want the ear of government .
in britain , the political system is grounded in a fundamental consensus as to the desired ends of public policy and the means to [get] them , and so the rules of the interest group game are set by society to ensure `` fair play `` and free access for all legitimate interests that want the ear of government .

Of course , the rival may fight back , but the point is not that this type of calculation ensures a successful barrier to entry , but that it provides a way of assessing what it will cost the rival to surmount the barrier to attain cost leadership .
of course , the rival may fight back , but the point is not that this type of calculation ensures a successful barrier to entry , but that it provides a way of assessing what it will cost the rival to surmount the barrier to [get] cost leadership .

Gleizes and Metzinger stressed that Cubist painting had no specifically decorative function , and that it did not attain its full meaning only when hung on the wall at eye level .
gleizes and metzinger stressed that cubist painting had no specifically decorative function , and that it did not [get] its full meaning only when hung on the wall at eye level .

Procedural rights perform an instrumental role in the sense of helping to attain an accurate decision on the substance of the case .
procedural rights perform an instrumental role in the sense of helping to [get] an accurate decision on the substance of the case .

Process rights can however , as we shall see , be fashioned in other ways which may be both better suited to the needs of particular areas , and ago better attain the instrumental and non-instrumental values which process rights are designed to serve .
process rights can however , as we shall see , be fashioned in other ways which may be both better suited to the needs of particular areas , and ago better [get] the instrumental and non-instrumental values which process rights are designed to serve .

to attain ( a ) and ( b ) within agreed levels of inspection costs .
to [get] ( a ) and ( b ) within agreed levels of inspection costs .

The simple ‘ proportional ’ or ‘ rollback ’ model assumes linearity in the relationship between emission rates and resulting pollution concentrations such that , for example , a region with sulphur dioxide levels at twice the air quality standard will attain the standard if total sulphur dioxide emissions in the region are halved .
the simple ‘ proportional ’ or ‘ rollback ’ model assumes linearity in the relationship between emission rates and resulting pollution concentrations such that , for example , a region with sulphur dioxide levels at twice the air quality standard will [get] the standard if total sulphur dioxide emissions in the region are halved .

However , not enough was known of the biology of stocks to make control measures credible or effective , and whalers in international competition for declining stocks had no alternative but to press for the largest allowable quota , and hunt at maximum efficiency to attain the largest share .
however , not enough was known of the biology of stocks to make control measures credible or effective , and whalers in international competition for declining stocks had no alternative but to press for the largest allowable quota , and hunt at maximum efficiency to [get] the largest share .

The gout writer had recommended addressing the ailment with good humour , ‘ as if , ’ says Boswell , ‘ it were quite in our power to attain it .
the gout writer had recommended addressing the ailment with good humour , ‘ as if , ’ says boswell , ‘ it were quite in our power to [get] it .

Encouraging women to first express and then try to ‘ let go ’ of their previously suppressed fears and anxieties — usually through visualisation techniques and helping them to attain very deep states of relaxation — can , she maintains , eventually eliminate phobias , depression , psycho-sexual and reproductive disorders , as well as more general tiredness and tension .
encouraging women to first express and then try to ‘ let go ’ of their previously suppressed fears and anxieties — usually through visualisation techniques and helping them to [get] very deep states of relaxation — can , she maintains , eventually eliminate phobias , depression , psycho-sexual and reproductive disorders , as well as more general tiredness and tension .

The central belief is that by being immersed in , and contributing to , the life of reason , one can attain a truer level of understanding and perspective on the world than is ordinarily available through personal experience .
the central belief is that by being immersed in , and contributing to , the life of reason , one can [get] a truer level of understanding and perspective on the world than is ordinarily available through personal experience .

But we saw in Chapter 5 that , as key institutions in the modern state , institutions of higher education can not attain a position of pure autonomy .
but we saw in chapter 5 that , as key institutions in the modern state , institutions of higher education can not [get] a position of pure autonomy .

There is here a progressive intellectual maturity , whereby the student gains but breaks through relativism and critical thinking , to attain a position of creative independence .
there is here a progressive intellectual maturity , whereby the student gains but breaks through relativism and critical thinking , to [get] a position of creative independence .

Every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them attain their objectives , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .
every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them [get] their objectives , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .

Every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them attain their objectives , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .
every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them [get] their objectives , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .

In many ways the part of a horseman 's job calling for most of his skill was that concerned with working the land , and using a standard of craftsmanship set immeasurably high both by the tradition of his craft and by the immediate needs of cultivation ; and a horseman served a long and disciplined apprenticeship before he could attain to the standard demanded .
in many ways the part of a horseman 's job calling for most of his skill was that concerned with working the land , and using a standard of craftsmanship set immeasurably high both by the tradition of his craft and by the immediate needs of cultivation ; and a horseman served a long and disciplined apprenticeship before he could [get] to the standard demanded .

Potting of growing plants should be continuous until they attain a size where they can be transferred to the outdoor pool without hazard .
potting of growing plants should be continuous until they [get] a size where they can be transferred to the outdoor pool without hazard .

The swash and break point bars described by King and Williams are very small features compared with true offshore bars , which attain lengths of dozens of kilometres on the east coast of the United States .
the swash and break point bars described by king and williams are very small features compared with true offshore bars , which [get] lengths of dozens of kilometres on the east coast of the united states .

It is suggested that they have been deposited either from silica mobilised in solution or from colloids and attain their maximum development in areas of pervious quartzose rocks .
it is suggested that they have been deposited either from silica mobilised in solution or from colloids and [get] their maximum development in areas of pervious quartzose rocks .

Seif dunes are larger : in the Egyptian Sand Sea they attain a height of loo metres ( 330 ft ) and dunes twice this height have been reported from southern Iran .
seif dunes are larger : in the egyptian sand sea they [get] a height of loo metres ( 330 ft ) and dunes twice this height have been reported from southern iran .

In addition , it seems reasonable to assume that the development will attain an occupancy rate much higher than that at present .
in addition , it seems reasonable to assume that the development will [get] an occupancy rate much higher than that at present .

Accordingly , it is reasonable that pupils be given the opportunity to attain such certification where it is deemed appropriate .
accordingly , it is reasonable that pupils be given the opportunity to [get] such certification where it is deemed appropriate .

In older horses the adult lungworms rarely attain sexual maturity .
in older horses the adult lungworms rarely [get] sexual maturity .

The problems to be added to this list of desiderata , making this theoretical model almost impossible to attain , include the problem of all year-round warmth , so that there is no respite from pests and diseases , a rapid breakdown of litter and subsequently enhanced leaching after the harvest of the crop .
the problems to be added to this list of desiderata , making this theoretical model almost impossible to [get] , include the problem of all year-round warmth , so that there is no respite from pests and diseases , a rapid breakdown of litter and subsequently enhanced leaching after the harvest of the crop .

From these figures , it was calculated that it would take some 100 years for the cut and cut-and-burnt sites to attain biomass levels of the original forest , while for the bulldozed forests , it is estimated that 1000 years would be needed .
from these figures , it was calculated that it would take some 100 years for the cut and cut-and-burnt sites to [get] biomass levels of the original forest , while for the bulldozed forests , it is estimated that 1000 years would be needed .

‘ What job is it you have here that makes you so much more likely than the rest of your family to attain a Mercedes ?
‘ what job is it you have here that makes you so much more likely than the rest of your family to [get] a mercedes ?

To attain hydrostatic equilibrium the position of the lithosphere adjusts vertically in accordance with its density and thickness .
to [get] hydrostatic equilibrium the position of the lithosphere adjusts vertically in accordance with its density and thickness .

When corrections are made to take account of these differences in crustal density the magnitude of gravity anomalies is significantly reduced . Remaining discrepancies are termed isostatic anomalies , but why should such anomalies exist when the lithosphere is apparently free to attain isostatic equilibrium with respect to the asthenosphere ?
when corrections are made to take account of these differences in crustal density the magnitude of gravity anomalies is significantly reduced . remaining discrepancies are termed isostatic anomalies , but why should such anomalies exist when the lithosphere is apparently free to [get] isostatic equilibrium with respect to the asthenosphere ?

Alternatively , it seems possible that old , cold and thick oceanic lithosphere can attain a density sufficient for it to subside spontaneously into the asthenosphere .
alternatively , it seems possible that old , cold and thick oceanic lithosphere can [get] a density sufficient for it to subside spontaneously into the asthenosphere .

Mud volcanoes are rather more impressive features which may attain elevations of up to 100 m , eruptions of mud arising from the heating of shallow ground water .
mud volcanoes are rather more impressive features which may [get] elevations of up to 100 m , eruptions of mud arising from the heating of shallow ground water .

For instance , cinder cones , which are composed entirely of tephra , are structurally too weak to attain a large size ( Fig .
for instance , cinder cones , which are composed entirely of tephra , are structurally too weak to [get] a large size ( fig .

Such intrusions , which rarely attain the dimensions of batholiths , are known as lopoliths and their layered structure tends to lead to the formation of series of outward-facing scarps as they are exposed by erosion .
such intrusions , which rarely [get] the dimensions of batholiths , are known as lopoliths and their layered structure tends to lead to the formation of series of outward-facing scarps as they are exposed by erosion .

In arid and semi-arid regions leaching may be minimal and solutions in the weathering mantle can attain high concentrations of dissolved constituents .
in arid and semi-arid regions leaching may be minimal and solutions in the weathering mantle can [get] high concentrations of dissolved constituents .

An increase in the real money supply can be brought about by the far more direct route of central bank intervention to increase the nominal stock of money by an amount sufficient to attain full employment .
an increase in the real money supply can be brought about by the far more direct route of central bank intervention to increase the nominal stock of money by an amount sufficient to [get] full employment .

Thus shared use of computer , library and training facilities can be organised regionally or nationwide to a level which individual firms could never hope to attain on their own .
thus shared use of computer , library and training facilities can be organised regionally or nationwide to a level which individual firms could never hope to [get] on their own .

The head of the household is required by law to complete it and to list all those who are resident in the dwelling on October 10 of that year and are eligible for inclusion , including those who will attain the age of 18 years during the period that the new register comes into effect .
the head of the household is required by law to complete it and to list all those who are resident in the dwelling on october 10 of that year and are eligible for inclusion , including those who will [get] the age of 18 years during the period that the new register comes into effect .

The handsome summer plumage of chocolate-brown head and neck may be coming through on some adults already , but birds which are not in good condition may not attain full breeding plumage until late spring — if at all .
the handsome summer plumage of chocolate-brown head and neck may be coming through on some adults already , but birds which are not in good condition may not [get] full breeding plumage until late spring — if at all .

It was a question of how he believed he could best attain his major political purposes .
it was a question of how he believed he could best [get] his major political purposes .

Despite the insistence of romantic and pornographic fiction , very few people attain orgasm each time coitus takes place and ejaculation is not invariable .
despite the insistence of romantic and pornographic fiction , very few people [get] orgasm each time coitus takes place and ejaculation is not invariable .

Some men appear to be able to attain `` minor `` or `` major `` orgasm , the former allowing continuation of intercourse for longer periods .
some men appear to be able to [get] `` minor `` or `` major `` orgasm , the former allowing continuation of intercourse for longer periods .

No reasonable doubt can exist that the School will attain under his supervision a much higher rank in the estimation of the Inhabitants of Stockport and that it will prove of very great importance and advantage to its community .
no reasonable doubt can exist that the school will [get] under his supervision a much higher rank in the estimation of the inhabitants of stockport and that it will prove of very great importance and advantage to its community .

Without it he can not attain to full powers either of learning or of teaching in any .
without it he can not [get] to full powers either of learning or of teaching in any .

The new organisation would aim to promote younger Spanish artists such as Gordillo , Valdès , Barcelon and Guerrero who he felt could attain the international status of the top rank names such as Tàpies and Chillida .
the new organisation would aim to promote younger spanish artists such as gordillo , valdès , barcelon and guerrero who he felt could [get] the international status of the top rank names such as tàpies and chillida .

Although glamorous , the interiors do not attain to the splendour of the famous German Embassy in Paris , but contain some outstanding ( and intriguing ) works of art .
although glamorous , the interiors do not [get] to the splendour of the famous german embassy in paris , but contain some outstanding ( and intriguing ) works of art .

Hence , it was believed , the economy would attain maximum growth , to the benefit of all : hard work , self-reliance and respectability — which were in theory demanded of all , including employers — would benefit both rich and poor , morally and materially .
hence , it was believed , the economy would [get] maximum growth , to the benefit of all : hard work , self-reliance and respectability — which were in theory demanded of all , including employers — would benefit both rich and poor , morally and materially .

Its prime aim was to consolidate its own power , but it also hoped to centralise and unify the nation and attain to Western standards required for a revision of the unequal treaties .
its prime aim was to consolidate its own power , but it also hoped to centralise and unify the nation and [get] to western standards required for a revision of the unequal treaties .

Francesco Lana , a pupil of the renowned Athanasius Kircher , confessed that he would use many models to express the truth to which the science of natural things could attain .
francesco lana , a pupil of the renowned athanasius kircher , confessed that he would use many models to express the truth to which the science of natural things could [get] .

The farm minister also went on to say that the fundamental flaw in the package was the attempt to halt the drift from the land by people whose main reason for leaving farming was that they could attain a higher standard of living elsewhere .
the farm minister also went on to say that the fundamental flaw in the package was the attempt to halt the drift from the land by people whose main reason for leaving farming was that they could [get] a higher standard of living elsewhere .

The distinction may , though , be conceptualised in different ways than those familiar to English academic usage , and the means employed to attain ‘ objectivity ’ may be different .
the distinction may , though , be conceptualised in different ways than those familiar to english academic usage , and the means employed to [get] ‘ objectivity ’ may be different .

In Chapters 1 and 2 we looked at how individuals relate to the world to release energy , to satisfy goals and to attain rewards .
in chapters 1 and 2 we looked at how individuals relate to the world to release energy , to satisfy goals and to [get] rewards .

Eta is 440 light-years away , and can attain a luminosity well over 5000 times that of the Sun .
eta is 440 light-years away , and can [get] a luminosity well over 5000 times that of the sun .

This is yet another example of how the business most dealers attain is a tribute to their capacity for sounding convincing .
this is yet another example of how the business most dealers [get] is a tribute to their capacity for sounding convincing .

There will be an objective for Samson to attain before the game is won .
there will be an objective for samson to [get] before the game is won .

When the imago emerges , the wings appear as small wrinkled sacs which gradually become distended by blood-pressure , and attain their full development usually several hours afterwards .
when the imago emerges , the wings appear as small wrinkled sacs which gradually become distended by blood-pressure , and [get] their full development usually several hours afterwards .

Internally , the mushroom bodies attain great size and complexity in Hymenoptera with elaborate behaviour .
internally , the mushroom bodies [get] great size and complexity in hymenoptera with elaborate behaviour .

To attain the life after death the individual required a tomb , `` the house for eternity `` , the preservations of his body or some suitable substitute as his unique identity and material needs of food , drink and so on to ensure continued existence .
to [get] the life after death the individual required a tomb , `` the house for eternity `` , the preservations of his body or some suitable substitute as his unique identity and material needs of food , drink and so on to ensure continued existence .

Pool pairs of cells that have divided within a chosen time interval and culture until they attain the appropriate age .
pool pairs of cells that have divided within a chosen time interval and culture until they [get] the appropriate age .

But male compositors made it easier for them to do this , and justified the division of labour , when they agreed that women could not attain all the skills of the trade .
but male compositors made it easier for them to do this , and justified the division of labour , when they agreed that women could not [get] all the skills of the trade .

So as you can see , it is imperative for us to attain a constant turnover to maximize profitability .
so as you can see , it is imperative for us to [get] a constant turnover to maximize profitability .

To attain any particular setting you watch the flap position indicator which is just below the manifold pressure gauge , depress the lever , then return it to neutral when the required degrees are shown .
to [get] any particular setting you watch the flap position indicator which is just below the manifold pressure gauge , depress the lever , then return it to neutral when the required degrees are shown .

In the case of psychoanalytic theory , there needs to be an understanding , first , of an undistorted version of the theory as stated by Freud , and then various changes in the theory can be seen as either having been made to attain greater rational consistency , or to incorporate new ‘ findings ’ which refute some of the previous assumptions , or to have been made as a result of social pressures on theory-makers eager to find a role for their theories in the society .
in the case of psychoanalytic theory , there needs to be an understanding , first , of an undistorted version of the theory as stated by freud , and then various changes in the theory can be seen as either having been made to [get] greater rational consistency , or to incorporate new ‘ findings ’ which refute some of the previous assumptions , or to have been made as a result of social pressures on theory-makers eager to find a role for their theories in the society .

As we have seen , Wilhelm Reich was the first to develop these implications , in terms of practical , political action , by pursuing sexual liberation in order to attain economic and political changes without producing a new form of authoritarianism .
as we have seen , wilhelm reich was the first to develop these implications , in terms of practical , political action , by pursuing sexual liberation in order to [get] economic and political changes without producing a new form of authoritarianism .

Adult women can attain the aim of possessing a penis through giving birth — a child is a substitute for a penis , also confused with faeces .
adult women can [get] the aim of possessing a penis through giving birth — a child is a substitute for a penis , also confused with faeces .

… then there will be the same intolerance towards outsiders as in the age of the Wars of Religion ; and if differences between scientific opinions could ever attain a similar significance for groups , the same result would again be repeated with this new motivation .
… then there will be the same intolerance towards outsiders as in the age of the wars of religion ; and if differences between scientific opinions could ever [get] a similar significance for groups , the same result would again be repeated with this new motivation .

The speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate : ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm : ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .
the speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate : ( ii ) [get] a speed of not less than 30 wpm : ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .

The speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate ; ( ii ) attain a speed of not less than 30 wpm ; ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .
the speed and accuracy achieved will be endorsed on the certificate , provided candidates : ( i ) gain the proficiency certificate ; ( ii ) [get] a speed of not less than 30 wpm ; ( iii ) achieve not less than 98 % accuracy .

There are a number of candidates who will be able to attain this qualification retrospectively , having already achieved the required modules .
there are a number of candidates who will be able to [get] this qualification retrospectively , having already achieved the required modules .

However , to attain the required completions , the capacity of the overall available land supply should be in excess of a minimum five years supply at all times , or at least future supplies should be assured to reduce uncertainties .
however , to [get] the required completions , the capacity of the overall available land supply should be in excess of a minimum five years supply at all times , or at least future supplies should be assured to reduce uncertainties .

This apparently concrete and absolute approach involved , once the poverty measure was defined , the distinction between those in primary poverty and those in secondary poverty.2 The primary poor could not attain the standard whatever they did , while the secondary poor could if they reallocated their income to a different consumption pattern , i.e .
this apparently concrete and absolute approach involved , once the poverty measure was defined , the distinction between those in primary poverty and those in secondary poverty.2 the primary poor could not [get] the standard whatever they did , while the secondary poor could if they reallocated their income to a different consumption pattern , i.e .

‘ International yardsticks ’ means that each country must attain as equal a distribution as that achieved by all other countries at the same development stage .
‘ international yardsticks ’ means that each country must [get] as equal a distribution as that achieved by all other countries at the same development stage .

However , when there are externalities even costless mobility may not be sufficient to attain this result .
however , when there are externalities even costless mobility may not be sufficient to [get] this result .

Whether central government chooses to remove this is , however , dependent on value judgements and a decision to attain horizontal equity ( Grewal , Buchanan and Matthews 1980 ) .
whether central government chooses to remove this is , however , dependent on value judgements and a decision to [get] horizontal equity ( grewal , buchanan and matthews 1980 ) .

To attain efficiency , it would be expected that factors of production would be allocated so that their marginal products would be equal .
to [get] efficiency , it would be expected that factors of production would be allocated so that their marginal products would be equal .

The main themes of this reform were to reduce the power of PACs , which were using election money to attain legislative influence .
the main themes of this reform were to reduce the power of pacs , which were using election money to [get] legislative influence .

The system was seen to benefit the Soviet Union , whose oil and gas exports to Eastern Europe would attain high market prices .
the system was seen to benefit the soviet union , whose oil and gas exports to eastern europe would [get] high market prices .

The relative lack of entry barriers and large number of firms appear to lead firms to believe that growth maximisation is a feasible objective , although the barriers to growth outlined above mean that , in practice , the objective is difficult to attain .
the relative lack of entry barriers and large number of firms appear to lead firms to believe that growth maximisation is a feasible objective , although the barriers to growth outlined above mean that , in practice , the objective is difficult to [get] .

If few could attain the peculiar sanctity of St Francis who united contemplative consciousness of God 's love with a life of exemplary action , such integrity was seen as a desideratum .
if few could [get] the peculiar sanctity of st francis who united contemplative consciousness of god 's love with a life of exemplary action , such integrity was seen as a desideratum .

As the Cloud-author might say , contemplative understanding comes from nowhere and is experienced as a gift : We must not be surprised if a man does not attain the heights of contemplation or experience its sweetness at the beginning of his Christian life .
as the cloud-author might say , contemplative understanding comes from nowhere and is experienced as a gift : we must not be surprised if a man does not [get] the heights of contemplation or experience its sweetness at the beginning of his christian life .

Hast is a British citizen , a status Sheard hopes she will attain .
hast is a british citizen , a status sheard hopes she will [get] .

People will back you 101pc now so any venture or enterprise you put into practice will give you all a chance to pull together to attain an aim .
people will back you 101pc now so any venture or enterprise you put into practice will give you all a chance to pull together to [get] an aim .

The 15-year-old Boat Club player has been selected to represent Ireland in the prestigious Federation Cup tournament , the youngest ever player to attain such recognition .
the 15-year-old boat club player has been selected to represent ireland in the prestigious federation cup tournament , the youngest ever player to [get] such recognition .

For a small screw pitch the effective inertia of the load is reduced and the motor can accelerate rapidly , but must attain a high stepping rate to compensate for the small increments of linear movement produced by each motor step .
for a small screw pitch the effective inertia of the load is reduced and the motor can accelerate rapidly , but must [get] a high stepping rate to compensate for the small increments of linear movement produced by each motor step .

Although large switching angles must be used to attain high pull-out rates , these angles are inappropriate for low-speed operation .
although large switching angles must be used to [get] high pull-out rates , these angles are inappropriate for low-speed operation .

The system can be set up experimentally by measuring the time taken to attain each speed level and minimising this time by adjusting the previous speed level ; the time taken to reach stepping rate f2 is measured and the value off , adjusted until this time is a minimum , then continue by adjusting f1 while measuring the time to reach f3 etc .
the system can be set up experimentally by measuring the time taken to [get] each speed level and minimising this time by adjusting the previous speed level ; the time taken to reach stepping rate f2 is measured and the value off , adjusted until this time is a minimum , then continue by adjusting f1 while measuring the time to reach f3 etc .

It has been shown above that , on the basis of the careers of a number of Muftis in the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries , one might tentatively conclude that by that time it was as a practical matter desirable , if not absolutely necessary , to have taught on at least two levels of medreses beyond the Sahn in order to have a chance to attain the highest office in the learned profession .
it has been shown above that , on the basis of the careers of a number of muftis in the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries , one might tentatively conclude that by that time it was as a practical matter desirable , if not absolutely necessary , to have taught on at least two levels of medreses beyond the sahn in order to have a chance to [get] the highest office in the learned profession .

The burden of Mustakimzade 's argument , then , is that Molla Yegan was a mufti but not the Mufti , that he , like any other had the power of and might give fetvas when the need arose , but that he did not attain the office of Mufti .
the burden of mustakimzade 's argument , then , is that molla yegan was a mufti but not the mufti , that he , like any other had the power of and might give fetvas when the need arose , but that he did not [get] the office of mufti .

She might even attain that future .
she might even [get] that future .

On a groan and a sigh as men are supposed to attain their pleasure and then — as she remembered from her one other experience — there came his reluctance to move away from her , her panic urgency to be free of him while there might still be a chance that no damage had been done .
on a groan and a sigh as men are supposed to [get] their pleasure and then — as she remembered from her one other experience — there came his reluctance to move away from her , her panic urgency to be free of him while there might still be a chance that no damage had been done .

Banks have managed to attain this share by offering attractive packages .
banks have managed to [get] this share by offering attractive packages .

to attain the highest achievable standards of occupational health and safety ;
to [get] the highest achievable standards of occupational health and safety ;

‘ We aim to attain the highest practically achievable standards of occupational health and safety and the highest levels of performance in protecting the environment . ’
‘ we aim to [get] the highest practically achievable standards of occupational health and safety and the highest levels of performance in protecting the environment . ’

The team seeks a device that never tires of long and repetitious work , poised in awkward positions , that can cope automatically and speedily with any variation in a complex working environment , that can be kept , if anything , more sterile than any human , and that can operate with an accuracy and steadiness that are impossible for a living hand to attain .
the team seeks a device that never tires of long and repetitious work , poised in awkward positions , that can cope automatically and speedily with any variation in a complex working environment , that can be kept , if anything , more sterile than any human , and that can operate with an accuracy and steadiness that are impossible for a living hand to [get] .

Initially , the chemical potential µ 1 , of the solvent in the solution , is lower than that of the pure solvent , µ 1 ° and solvent molecules tend to pass through the membrane into the solution in order to attain equilibrium .
initially , the chemical potential µ 1 , of the solvent in the solution , is lower than that of the pure solvent , µ 1 ° and solvent molecules tend to pass through the membrane into the solution in order to [get] equilibrium .

In the melt , polymers normally attain a state of maximum entropy consistent with a stable state of minimum free energy .
in the melt , polymers normally [get] a state of maximum entropy consistent with a stable state of minimum free energy .

For high values of the viscosity , the retardation time is long and this represents the length of time the model takes to attain or 0.632 of the equilibrium elongation .
for high values of the viscosity , the retardation time is long and this represents the length of time the model takes to [get] or 0.632 of the equilibrium elongation .

Ethel Walker ( 1861–1951 ) is a little known artist today but she managed to attain the respect of the art establishment of her time .
ethel walker ( 1861–1951 ) is a little known artist today but she managed to [get] the respect of the art establishment of her time .

The pair are the first in Shropshire to attain the certification .
the pair are the first in shropshire to [get] the certification .

Ideally , we should like the government to ensure that the economy is on the Pareto-efficient frontier , shown in Figure 15–2 , but take responsibility for making the value judgement about which point on this frontier the economy should attain .
ideally , we should like the government to ensure that the economy is on the pareto-efficient frontier , shown in figure 15–2 , but take responsibility for making the value judgement about which point on this frontier the economy should [get] .

Remember that economists mean two things by efficiency : first , that firms are on the lowest possible cost curve ( absence of slack and waste ) ; and , second , that the balance of activities in the economy is Pareto-efficient : resource reallocation would not increase social welfare . If , and some would say it is quite a big if , other policies can be used to get the right balance of activities in the economy , we can confine our attention to the narrower questions : are firms more likely to attain the lowest possible cost curve in the public or the private sector ?
remember that economists mean two things by efficiency : first , that firms are on the lowest possible cost curve ( absence of slack and waste ) ; and , second , that the balance of activities in the economy is pareto-efficient : resource reallocation would not increase social welfare . if , and some would say it is quite a big if , other policies can be used to get the right balance of activities in the economy , we can confine our attention to the narrower questions : are firms more likely to [get] the lowest possible cost curve in the public or the private sector ?

Debt , or the ability to attain it , has now come to be associated with power .
debt , or the ability to [get] it , has now come to be associated with power .

Politicians , accountants , television producers , newspaper editors and all such mandarins who have set themselves up as authorities with power to say yea or nay to us , to sift right from wrong , good from bad , lawful from criminal , and to decide what the rest of us may know and what we may not ( ‘ All the News that 's Fit to Print ’ ) exploit this wondrous paradoxical nature of language with uncanny skill to attain and retain their hegemony over others .
politicians , accountants , television producers , newspaper editors and all such mandarins who have set themselves up as authorities with power to say yea or nay to us , to sift right from wrong , good from bad , lawful from criminal , and to decide what the rest of us may know and what we may not ( ‘ all the news that 's fit to print ’ ) exploit this wondrous paradoxical nature of language with uncanny skill to [get] and retain their hegemony over others .

Under the registration of inspectors advocated by the Bill , local government inspection will be universally up to the standard which at the moment only the very best attain .
under the registration of inspectors advocated by the bill , local government inspection will be universally up to the standard which at the moment only the very best [get] .

In that time , its geography had changed little , the only difference being that more and more houses had squeezed themselves on to the mound of detritus that had built up over generations to form the hill on which the city squatted , above the highest level of flood the river could attain .
in that time , its geography had changed little , the only difference being that more and more houses had squeezed themselves on to the mound of detritus that had built up over generations to form the hill on which the city squatted , above the highest level of flood the river could [get] .

It was possible , however , for a member of the House of Orange ( the descendants of William the Silent , the leader of the struggle for independence against Spain in the later sixteenth century ) to be elected Stadtholder of all or most of the provinces and thus attain the position of General Stadtholder of the federation .
it was possible , however , for a member of the house of orange ( the descendants of william the silent , the leader of the struggle for independence against spain in the later sixteenth century ) to be elected stadtholder of all or most of the provinces and thus [get] the position of general stadtholder of the federation .

Completely ‘ enlightened ’ government was a goal which , even had they wished to attain it , the internal complexities of their own countries and the external pressure of others placed beyond their reach .
completely ‘ enlightened ’ government was a goal which , even had they wished to [get] it , the internal complexities of their own countries and the external pressure of others placed beyond their reach .

Contraction leads to a compression of the magnetic field which can then attain very high values ( ) .
contraction leads to a compression of the magnetic field which can then [get] very high values ( ) .

From the above brief outline of work attempting to get to grips with the character of aesthetic response it can be seen that it is both complex and ‘ multi-layered ’ , a term used by Greger ( 1972 ) to describe how multiple meanings come to attain a feeling of significance by being grasped at the threshold of consciousness .
from the above brief outline of work attempting to get to grips with the character of aesthetic response it can be seen that it is both complex and ‘ multi-layered ’ , a term used by greger ( 1972 ) to describe how multiple meanings come to [get] a feeling of significance by being grasped at the threshold of consciousness .

Our aim is to encourage as many as possible to attain various levels within the award scheme .
our aim is to encourage as many as possible to [get] various levels within the award scheme .

It was the bridge between democracy and dictatorship ; the road along which Franco walked , in the rearguard of his armies , to attain total power .
it was the bridge between democracy and dictatorship ; the road along which franco walked , in the rearguard of his armies , to [get] total power .

Perceptions of the quality of their own early work tend to decline as they attain seniority and experience , and they may well attach less significance to the value of other theses to their own work .
perceptions of the quality of their own early work tend to decline as they [get] seniority and experience , and they may well attach less significance to the value of other theses to their own work .

There is a recognition in the notion of scale types that any effort to measure human attributes , be they psychological traits , attitudes or social properties , is unlikely to attain the standards of measurement typical of the natural sciences ; indeed , they are seldom used in their most developed form .
there is a recognition in the notion of scale types that any effort to measure human attributes , be they psychological traits , attitudes or social properties , is unlikely to [get] the standards of measurement typical of the natural sciences ; indeed , they are seldom used in their most developed form .

Whilst this situation has changed in recent years , it will only be when local female populations attain the same educational standard as their male counter-parts and take a key role in management decisions that substantial progress will be made .
whilst this situation has changed in recent years , it will only be when local female populations [get] the same educational standard as their male counter-parts and take a key role in management decisions that substantial progress will be made .

Thus in ( 36 ) , a typical example of the infinitive of result , managed evokes all the efforts which the subject had to make in order to attain the result and so situates the third-person support in time before — and all the way up to — the point at which `` getting free `` is actualized .
thus in ( 36 ) , a typical example of the infinitive of result , managed evokes all the efforts which the subject had to make in order to [get] the result and so situates the third-person support in time before — and all the way up to — the point at which `` getting free `` is actualized .

If the teacher explains the aims and objectives of the foreign-language course and the methods to be employed to attain them , he may transform this attitude into a readiness to learn by a certain method .
if the teacher explains the aims and objectives of the foreign-language course and the methods to be employed to [get] them , he may transform this attitude into a readiness to learn by a certain method .

Different individuals work at different speeds — you are more likely to achieve most if you can work at a speed which challenges you but which is not beyond your capacity to attain .
different individuals work at different speeds — you are more likely to achieve most if you can work at a speed which challenges you but which is not beyond your capacity to [get] .

Although this did not attain statistical significance in individual groups , the proportion of γ-interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes in untreated coeliacs was only 25 % of the value found in normal mucosa and a similar reduction was found in other groups with mucosal pathology ( Fig 3 ) .
although this did not [get] statistical significance in individual groups , the proportion of γ-interferon expressing intra epithelial lymphocytes in untreated coeliacs was only 25 % of the value found in normal mucosa and a similar reduction was found in other groups with mucosal pathology ( fig 3 ) .

‘ We aim to attain the highest practically achievable standards of occupational health and safety and the highest levels of performance in protecting the environment ’
‘ we aim to [get] the highest practically achievable standards of occupational health and safety and the highest levels of performance in protecting the environment ’

They turned to judge one another , speculating which of their number was most likely to attain a place in the Book .
they turned to judge one another , speculating which of their number was most likely to [get] a place in the book .

When the movement began they were attracted by a desire to attain certain goals .
when the movement began they were attracted by a desire to [get] certain goals .

To attain this end , it is important that the horse in training is not out-galloped by the other horses ; or out-fenced by too large a jump .
to [get] this end , it is important that the horse in training is not out-galloped by the other horses ; or out-fenced by too large a jump .

In a society where we spend so much money , time and effort in trying to attain immortality , by constantly eradicating the diseases from which a human being can die , it may be said that we find it more and more difficult to face mortality either in ourselves or in those close to us .
in a society where we spend so much money , time and effort in trying to [get] immortality , by constantly eradicating the diseases from which a human being can die , it may be said that we find it more and more difficult to face mortality either in ourselves or in those close to us .

The tone of the festivities was set by Göring 's public eulogy , stating : ‘ We … look back to an unbroken chain of glorious victories such as only one man could attain in a single year of his life , one who is not only a statesman and military commander , but at the same time also Leader and man of the people : our Führer … ’ Ten-year-olds being sworn into the Deutsches Jungvolk and Deutsche Jungmädelschaft on that day had to pledge an almost religious vow : ‘ You , Führer , are for us our command !
the tone of the festivities was set by göring 's public eulogy , stating : ‘ we … look back to an unbroken chain of glorious victories such as only one man could [get] in a single year of his life , one who is not only a statesman and military commander , but at the same time also leader and man of the people : our führer … ’ ten-year-olds being sworn into the deutsches jungvolk and deutsche jungmädelschaft on that day had to pledge an almost religious vow : ‘ you , führer , are for us our command !

The conclusion can be drawn that Roman Britain did not attain the same degree of monetisation as the Mediterranean cities .
the conclusion can be drawn that roman britain did not [get] the same degree of monetisation as the mediterranean cities .

If you carefully plan a new health regime that slowly introduces slight modifications to your usual meals , perhaps to try different ways of cooking food , to have slightly larger portions of vegetables and fruit , you will eventually find that your food preferences change slightly , enough to tip the balance from an unhealthy diet ( too high in fat and sugar , too low in fibre ) , to a healthy one that will help you attain and then maintain a slim figure .
if you carefully plan a new health regime that slowly introduces slight modifications to your usual meals , perhaps to try different ways of cooking food , to have slightly larger portions of vegetables and fruit , you will eventually find that your food preferences change slightly , enough to tip the balance from an unhealthy diet ( too high in fat and sugar , too low in fibre ) , to a healthy one that will help you [get] and then maintain a slim figure .

If you are trying to lose weight limit yourself to the amounts necessary to attain your goal weight for the week ( we explain this in detail in Part Two ) .
if you are trying to lose weight limit yourself to the amounts necessary to [get] your goal weight for the week ( we explain this in detail in part two ) .

And people with weight problems can learn to control their food intake and adjust their energy expenditure by appropriate exercise , in order to attain physical fitness and a slim shape .
and people with weight problems can learn to control their food intake and adjust their energy expenditure by appropriate exercise , in order to [get] physical fitness and a slim shape .

Goals are much easier to attain if they are broken down into small steps .
goals are much easier to [get] if they are broken down into small steps .

Make specific the goals you need to attain in order to earn each reward .
make specific the goals you need to [get] in order to earn each reward .

The methods we have outlined will ensure that your will-power is strong enough for you to attain your goals .
the methods we have outlined will ensure that your will-power is strong enough for you to [get] your goals .

The health of the industry in the longer term , and hence the degree of independence Britain would attain in military aircraft production , would depend on the outcome .
the health of the industry in the longer term , and hence the degree of independence britain would [get] in military aircraft production , would depend on the outcome .

You will require much more to attain a good flavour and will therefore be raising your fat consumption for no good reason .
you will require much more to [get] a good flavour and will therefore be raising your fat consumption for no good reason .

On the one hand , he rejects the idea that we can attain knowledge in the form of demonstrative understanding that certain things must be so , an understanding based on knowledge of the real natures or essences of things .
on the one hand , he rejects the idea that we can [get] knowledge in the form of demonstrative understanding that certain things must be so , an understanding based on knowledge of the real natures or essences of things .

‘ The proper objects of vision constitute an universal language of the Author of Nature , whereby we are instructed how to regulate our actions in order to attain those things that are necessary to the preservation and well-being of our bodies .
‘ the proper objects of vision constitute an universal language of the author of nature , whereby we are instructed how to regulate our actions in order to [get] those things that are necessary to the preservation and well-being of our bodies .

Of course , she was often questioned , but had no intention of intruding on privacy — a commodity which she herself prized so highly , and which she knew was difficult to attain .
of course , she was often questioned , but had no intention of intruding on privacy — a commodity which she herself prized so highly , and which she knew was difficult to [get] .

This is a race ; in Europe it will have taken 35 years from the signing of the Treaty of Rome to attain the European Community 's planned single market in 1992 .
this is a race ; in europe it will have taken 35 years from the signing of the treaty of rome to [get] the european community 's planned single market in 1992 .

Mr Pearson 's Shotover has exactly the right air of a rapt scientific experimenter trying to attain power through means of mind .
mr pearson 's shotover has exactly the right air of a rapt scientific experimenter trying to [get] power through means of mind .

The series of fossils shown here demonstrate the different sizes gastropods of one species attain .
the series of fossils shown here demonstrate the different sizes gastropods of one species [get] .

This specimen is 15 cm long , but roots have been found which attain a length of 14 metres !
this specimen is 15 cm long , but roots have been found which [get] a length of 14 metres !

the process of deciding on objectives of the organisation , on changes in these objectives , on the resources used to attain these objectives and on the policies that are to govern the acquisition , use and disposition of these resources . Anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24
the process of deciding on objectives of the organisation , on changes in these objectives , on the resources used to [get] these objectives and on the policies that are to govern the acquisition , use and disposition of these resources . anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24

Hobhouse saw the end-point of this direction in ‘ a co-ordination of thought and conduct … in which the whole experience of the species would be used in furtherance of one end that can embrace all human action , the development of the human species towards whatever perfection it may be within its power to attain .
hobhouse saw the end-point of this direction in ‘ a co-ordination of thought and conduct … in which the whole experience of the species would be used in furtherance of one end that can embrace all human action , the development of the human species towards whatever perfection it may be within its power to [get] .

TECs play an important role in helping companies attain it .
tecs play an important role in helping companies [get] it .

But if , as Longinus thinks , the sublime , being the highest excellence that human composition can attain to , abundantly compensates the absence of every other beauty , and atones for all other deficiencies , then Michelangelo demands the preference .
but if , as longinus thinks , the sublime , being the highest excellence that human composition can [get] to , abundantly compensates the absence of every other beauty , and atones for all other deficiencies , then michelangelo demands the preference .

He was solid , scientific , conscious in all his creating , learning his art from masters who were still in the youth of artistic development , his whole work shows a progress towards an ideal which the trammels of Gothic tradition never left him free to attain without a struggle .
he was solid , scientific , conscious in all his creating , learning his art from masters who were still in the youth of artistic development , his whole work shows a progress towards an ideal which the trammels of gothic tradition never left him free to [get] without a struggle .

Hath rotted ere his youth attain 'd a beard ;
hath rotted ere his youth [get] 'd a beard ;

The length of time spent stretching depends on the sport you are training for and the degree of flexibility you wish to attain .
the length of time spent stretching depends on the sport you are training for and the degree of flexibility you wish to [get] .

Many skills such as ploughing , using a scythe , working with horses , or developing an eye for livestock may take years to attain ; the later in life you come to it , the slower the progress .
many skills such as ploughing , using a scythe , working with horses , or developing an eye for livestock may take years to [get] ; the later in life you come to it , the slower the progress .

To attain champion status , the dog or bitch must win a total of fifteen points under at least three different judges .
to [get] champion status , the dog or bitch must win a total of fifteen points under at least three different judges .

The Calibra range starts at a shade under £15,000 but , to attain the level of performance suggested by the aerodynamic styling , the 16-valve 2-litre engine is a must .
the calibra range starts at a shade under £15,000 but , to [get] the level of performance suggested by the aerodynamic styling , the 16-valve 2-litre engine is a must .

The perception that a cruel savage cycle of fertility underlay all the trappings of modem life only served to emphasize for Eliot that there was a higher life , though one infinitely difficult to attain .
the perception that a cruel savage cycle of fertility underlay all the trappings of modem life only served to emphasize for eliot that there was a higher life , though one infinitely difficult to [get] .

the highest ideal in The Balcony is for characters to attain that point of social definition at which others desire to impersonate them .
the highest ideal in the balcony is for characters to [get] that point of social definition at which others desire to impersonate them .

To this end , the analytical department is designing on-line analysers , eg on-line gas chromatography , which can analyse products and intermediates in ‘ real time ’ , and if part of the process does not attain the quality required the computer will work out the modifications needed before the process can continue .
to this end , the analytical department is designing on-line analysers , eg on-line gas chromatography , which can analyse products and intermediates in ‘ real time ’ , and if part of the process does not [get] the quality required the computer will work out the modifications needed before the process can continue .

At the age of nine , Joseph was instructed by a holy man on how to attain his own guardian spirit or Wyakin .
at the age of nine , joseph was instructed by a holy man on how to [get] his own guardian spirit or wyakin .

There is a hard , gritty side to his character that was absolutely essential for his band to attain any degree of success .
there is a hard , gritty side to his character that was absolutely essential for his band to [get] any degree of success .

( 'You have to attain a high degree of musical stupidity in order to find watching the beat , or the conductor 's inane face for that matter , easier for the purpose of knowing how or when to play than simply listening to the music , ’ he argued . )
( 'you have to [get] a high degree of musical stupidity in order to find watching the beat , or the conductor 's inane face for that matter , easier for the purpose of knowing how or when to play than simply listening to the music , ’ he argued . )

‘ Employers look not simply for participation in social societies , but for those who attain officer status ’ read a framed commendation on their stand , typed on the headed notepaper of a firm of City solicitors .
‘ employers look not simply for participation in social societies , but for those who [get] officer status ’ read a framed commendation on their stand , typed on the headed notepaper of a firm of city solicitors .

Nowhere is the balance between the natural and the contrived so hard to attain as in the making of a ‘ domesticated ’ meadow .
nowhere is the balance between the natural and the contrived so hard to [get] as in the making of a ‘ domesticated ’ meadow .

By 1848 Judith Holt , the diarist , had already followed her sister into the grave , at the age of forty-three ; she had failed by only one year to attain the average life span of the gentry and professional class , to which her husband belonged .
by 1848 judith holt , the diarist , had already followed her sister into the grave , at the age of forty-three ; she had failed by only one year to [get] the average life span of the gentry and professional class , to which her husband belonged .

She has the potential for fulfilling all that a man hopes to attain in his life .
she has the potential for fulfilling all that a man hopes to [get] in his life .

At another building in Pest — for those children who never manage to attain the standards of mainstream schools .
at another building in pest — for those children who never manage to [get] the standards of mainstream schools .

It is perfectly true that there is nothing conclusively in the poem to make us identify the first stair with Dante 's Inferno , the second with his Purgatorio , the third with Paradiso ; as there is not ( a more piercing uncertainty ) anything to determine for us whether ‘ the broadbacked figure drest in blue and green ’ , with his ‘ music of the flute ’ , is an image of what must be renounced in order to achieve Paradise , or else an image of how terrestrial life can most nearly attain the paradisal .
it is perfectly true that there is nothing conclusively in the poem to make us identify the first stair with dante 's inferno , the second with his purgatorio , the third with paradiso ; as there is not ( a more piercing uncertainty ) anything to determine for us whether ‘ the broadbacked figure drest in blue and green ’ , with his ‘ music of the flute ’ , is an image of what must be renounced in order to achieve paradise , or else an image of how terrestrial life can most nearly [get] the paradisal .

Despite these important advancements , however , the problem of what happens to mentally handicapped people when they reach the later school-leaving age of nineteen remains , and what happens when they may face the prospects of a lifetime of unfulfilment which could quickly undermine the considerable efforts made by teachers , houseparents , parents and guardians to help the mentally handicapped child attain his or her full potential .
despite these important advancements , however , the problem of what happens to mentally handicapped people when they reach the later school-leaving age of nineteen remains , and what happens when they may face the prospects of a lifetime of unfulfilment which could quickly undermine the considerable efforts made by teachers , houseparents , parents and guardians to help the mentally handicapped child [get] his or her full potential .

Although it will never attain real equality , a democratic society will seek to ensure that there is a redistribution in wealth through taxation which funds the services which provide help to those that need it .
although it will never [get] real equality , a democratic society will seek to ensure that there is a redistribution in wealth through taxation which funds the services which provide help to those that need it .

The latter , through mass media and education , are made aware of the ‘ new ’ but are unable to attain this .
the latter , through mass media and education , are made aware of the ‘ new ’ but are unable to [get] this .

Only with the end of capitalism , the domination of the world market , would it be possible to attain national independence :
only with the end of capitalism , the domination of the world market , would it be possible to [get] national independence :

The Western peoples — with the exception of the Ukraine — did attain independence .
the western peoples — with the exception of the ukraine — did [get] independence .

So the path must be abandoned here while you strike down to cross the Allt a ' Mhuilinn and start a relentless slog to attain the ridge of Carn Mor Dearg .
so the path must be abandoned here while you strike down to cross the allt a ' mhuilinn and start a relentless slog to [get] the ridge of carn mor dearg .

On the one hand , it was simply the period required for the sun , moon , and planets to attain the same positions in relation to each other as they had at a given time .
on the one hand , it was simply the period required for the sun , moon , and planets to [get] the same positions in relation to each other as they had at a given time .

For anyone in northern Europe to attain a proper understanding of Islamic science it was necessary to go abroad .
for anyone in northern europe to [get] a proper understanding of islamic science it was necessary to go abroad .

Her father had expected excessively high standards of her as a child — better deportment , better table manners and better school reports — all of which she felt she could never attain .
her father had expected excessively high standards of her as a child — better deportment , better table manners and better school reports — all of which she felt she could never [get] .

June , too , had wanted to be noticed for herself and not just for fading to attain impossibly high standards .
june , too , had wanted to be noticed for herself and not just for fading to [get] impossibly high standards .

For example , the firm may wish to attain profits of at least £140,000 and sales of at least £480,000 .
for example , the firm may wish to [get] profits of at least £140,000 and sales of at least £480,000 .

Equally interesting is the inclusion of some informative footage showing how a Concorde captain is type-converted . Did you know that they do 64 hours on the Filtonbased simulator ? Or that one must approach at an angle of attack of precisely 10 degrees , and attain exactly 18 degrees on take-off ? Or that on their first-ever real takeoff during base checks at Prestwick , most pilots have as much difficulty keeping at 1,500 feet circuit height as does a low-hour student in a Cessna 152 ? Some even overshoot up to 4,000 feet !
equally interesting is the inclusion of some informative footage showing how a concorde captain is type-converted . did you know that they do 64 hours on the filtonbased simulator ? or that one must approach at an angle of attack of precisely 10 degrees , and [get] exactly 18 degrees on take-off ? or that on their first-ever real takeoff during base checks at prestwick , most pilots have as much difficulty keeping at 1,500 feet circuit height as does a low-hour student in a cessna 152 ? some even overshoot up to 4,000 feet !

Engineers from Tarbes went to Texas , flew the 301 , and rejected it : there was no way to attain such performance even with an updated 301 , even though the basic idea had been sound .
engineers from tarbes went to texas , flew the 301 , and rejected it : there was no way to [get] such performance even with an updated 301 , even though the basic idea had been sound .

Then , possibly , you will be able to develop some goals that will assure you attain those purposes .
then , possibly , you will be able to develop some goals that will assure you [get] those purposes .

The continuation of farming is not so much the objective of the Directive but the means to attain its objectives .
the continuation of farming is not so much the objective of the directive but the means to [get] its objectives .

One reason is that there is often a well-established understanding that all jobs come to an end when their holders attain a certain age .
one reason is that there is often a well-established understanding that all jobs come to an end when their holders [get] a certain age .

Because pulsed electron beams can attain peak powers of tens of megawatts — equivalent to average powers of several kilowatts — even modest electron-to-photon conversion efficiencies produce enormous photon fluxes .
because pulsed electron beams can [get] peak powers of tens of megawatts — equivalent to average powers of several kilowatts — even modest electron-to-photon conversion efficiencies produce enormous photon fluxes .

The patient must understand the achievable range of blood glucose and have the knowledge and confidence to attain that range consistently by balancing the dose of insulin with diet , exercise and inter-current illness .
the patient must understand the achievable range of blood glucose and have the knowledge and confidence to [get] that range consistently by balancing the dose of insulin with diet , exercise and inter-current illness .

’ This could refer to the New Age spiritual ‘ high ’ that some athletes attain through exercise .
’ this could refer to the new age spiritual ‘ high ’ that some athletes [get] through exercise .

In trying to attain this goal , science and technology have come to assume an unprecedented significance as tools for development .
in trying to [get] this goal , science and technology have come to assume an unprecedented significance as tools for development .

In the time-reversed case , the object emerges from the space-time singularity to come out through the horizon and attain an extended form ( Figure 1b ) .
in the time-reversed case , the object emerges from the space-time singularity to come out through the horizon and [get] an extended form ( figure 1b ) .

Thus , concludes Popper , although we can never attain to Ultimate Truth , we can and do continually get nearer to it …
thus , concludes popper , although we can never [get] to ultimate truth , we can and do continually get nearer to it …

Some of the shrewder politicians of the period realized this ; they saw how inconclusive wars generally were , and attempted to attain their ends by more sensible means .
some of the shrewder politicians of the period realized this ; they saw how inconclusive wars generally were , and attempted to [get] their ends by more sensible means .

However , it may be unfair to accuse the candidates of failing to attain the unattainable .
however , it may be unfair to accuse the candidates of failing to [get] the unattainable .

Every man , woman and child holds the possibility of physical perfection ; it rests with each one of us to attain it by personal understanding and effort .
every man , woman and child holds the possibility of physical perfection ; it rests with each one of us to [get] it by personal understanding and effort .

As man 's direct dependence on his body to attain subsistence has decreased , his instinct has become increasingly unreliable ; it has become necessary , through the use of inhibition , to employ his conscious powers to fill the gap that has been left behind by its deterioration .
as man 's direct dependence on his body to [get] subsistence has decreased , his instinct has become increasingly unreliable ; it has become necessary , through the use of inhibition , to employ his conscious powers to fill the gap that has been left behind by its deterioration .

Students may complete the course at diploma level , and if they attain a satisfactory standard in the diploma examinations , they may proceed to the masters ' course .
students may complete the course at diploma level , and if they [get] a satisfactory standard in the diploma examinations , they may proceed to the masters ' course .

Prepare flow guide for tutors who will support learners through the process of problem-solving in order to attain the expected outcomes .
prepare flow guide for tutors who will support learners through the process of problem-solving in order to [get] the expected outcomes .

Diploma holders who attain a satisfactory standard may register with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland , and will be exempt from the first level examinations .
diploma holders who [get] a satisfactory standard may register with the institute of chartered accountants in ireland , and will be exempt from the first level examinations .

This stage of the course develops an effective knowledge of subjects specific to Hospitality Management , supported by a mix of carefully selected general business studies subjects which are necessary to attain a basic operational grounding and competence in supervisory and first-line management .
this stage of the course develops an effective knowledge of subjects specific to hospitality management , supported by a mix of carefully selected general business studies subjects which are necessary to [get] a basic operational grounding and competence in supervisory and first-line management .

It had that rustic look which only many years of weathering can attain .
it had that rustic look which only many years of weathering can [get] .

It is therefore important for UDCs to attain appropriate working relations with the relevant public bodies .
it is therefore important for udcs to [get] appropriate working relations with the relevant public bodies .

Nature allows some persons to pass through all the successive levels of biological growth and thereby attain their biological needs .
nature allows some persons to pass through all the successive levels of biological growth and thereby [get] their biological needs .

Throughout the school years , girls attain higher scores on reading and writing achievement tests and account for a lower percentage of children referred for remedial reading instruction.65 Part of the reason for girls ’ advantage in literacy development is that they undergo a faster rate of physical maturation , believed to promote slightly earlier development of the left hemisphere of the cerebral cortex , where language functions are housed for most people.66 In addition , many types of developmental problems are more common among boys , including speech and language disorders , reading disabilities , and inattention and hyperactivity .
throughout the school years , girls [get] higher scores on reading and writing achievement tests and account for a lower percentage of children referred for remedial reading instruction.65 part of the reason for girls ’ advantage in literacy development is that they undergo a faster rate of physical maturation , believed to promote slightly earlier development of the left hemisphere of the cerebral cortex , where language functions are housed for most people.66 in addition , many types of developmental problems are more common among boys , including speech and language disorders , reading disabilities , and inattention and hyperactivity .

Children most often attain it with parents , other family members , teachers , and eventually in friendships with peers .
children most often [get] it with parents , other family members , teachers , and eventually in friendships with peers .

Of course , partners in teaching and learning do not need to attain the intersubjective heights of lovers to accomplish their goals .
of course , partners in teaching and learning do not need to [get] the intersubjective heights of lovers to accomplish their goals .

As the excerpts we have considered illustrate , participants in a dialogue may not attain intersubjectivity on a ﬁrst try , and interaction between most people , whether adults or children , is not perfectly “ in sync. ” 35 By the preschool years , children can take a more active role in helping a partner reach a state of shared thinking and in correcting “ misses ” when they do occur .
as the excerpts we have considered illustrate , participants in a dialogue may not [get] intersubjectivity on a ﬁrst try , and interaction between most people , whether adults or children , is not perfectly “ in sync. ” 35 by the preschool years , children can take a more active role in helping a partner reach a state of shared thinking and in correcting “ misses ” when they do occur .

Adults can also assist young children as they become interested in writing by responding positively to their writing-like creations and helping them attain their writing goals in daily activities and play—printing their name or a message , making a storybook , or adding items to a shopping list .
adults can also assist young children as they become interested in writing by responding positively to their writing-like creations and helping them [get] their writing goals in daily activities and play—printing their name or a message , making a storybook , or adding items to a shopping list .

A provocative question is whether a craving for connection with family and community is at the heart of the ﬂoundering of many of today ’ s youth , manifested in academic problems , poor peer relationships , low self-esteem , depression , angry , acting-out behavior , and—with the arrival of young adulthood—inability to make vocational commitments , attain ﬁnancial independence , and forge healthy intimate relationships .
a provocative question is whether a craving for connection with family and community is at the heart of the ﬂoundering of many of today ’ s youth , manifested in academic problems , poor peer relationships , low self-esteem , depression , angry , acting-out behavior , and—with the arrival of young adulthood—inability to make vocational commitments , [get] ﬁnancial independence , and forge healthy intimate relationships .

Law .On a coevolutionary timescale , coevolving autonomous agents as a community attain a self-organized critical state by tuning landscape structure ( ways of making a living ) and coupling between landscapes , yielding a global power law distribution of extinction and speciation events and a power law distribution of species lifetimes .
law .on a coevolutionary timescale , coevolving autonomous agents as a community [get] a self-organized critical state by tuning landscape structure ( ways of making a living ) and coupling between landscapes , yielding a global power law distribution of extinction and speciation events and a power law distribution of species lifetimes .

By contrast , in the eight- and sixteen-species ecosystems , Figures .b and c , fitnesses continue to jostle up and down as species evolve in a chaotic regime , each species chasing the adaptive peaks on its landscape that retreat due to adaptive moves of other species faster than each species can attain the peaks on its own landscape .
by contrast , in the eight- and sixteen-species ecosystems , figures .b and c , fitnesses continue to jostle up and down as species evolve in a chaotic regime , each species chasing the adaptive peaks on its landscape that retreat due to adaptive moves of other species faster than each species can [get] the peaks on its own landscape .

In contrast , if we have not yet attained the contract curve , there are further advantages of trade that we can attain .
in contrast , if we have not yet attained the contract curve , there are further advantages of trade that we can [get] .

Evidently , if we attain one of the points on the contract curve , that corresponds to some exchange ratio and is the price of apples for pears .
evidently , if we [get] one of the points on the contract curve , that corresponds to some exchange ratio and is the price of apples for pears .

Haggling with dapper Gujaratis and the bright-eyed Kashmiris can attain the level of high art .
haggling with dapper gujaratis and the bright-eyed kashmiris can [get] the level of high art .

To attain such concrete notoriety , you must be nominated to the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and then , if selected , come up with $ 15,000 to pay for your star .
to [get] such concrete notoriety , you must be nominated to the hollywood chamber of commerce and then , if selected , come up with $ 15,000 to pay for your star .

In the final hall ( Wo Fo Dian ) there is a 5-m ( 16-ft ) lacquered statue of the reclining Buddha ( dated 1321 ) about to attain nirvana .
in the final hall ( wo fo dian ) there is a 5-m ( 16-ft ) lacquered statue of the reclining buddha ( dated 1321 ) about to [get] nirvana .

Specifically , the senior executive in the Nashville regional office had a target in fiscal year 2001 to attain 85 percent in overall satisfaction in a national survey of customers using vocational rehabilitation and employment services and support .
specifically , the senior executive in the nashville regional office had a target in fiscal year 2001 to [get] 85 percent in overall satisfaction in a national survey of customers using vocational rehabilitation and employment services and support .

In addition , other parties such as the major stock exchanges play a role by imposing various requirements for companies to attain and maintain their listings .
in addition , other parties such as the major stock exchanges play a role by imposing various requirements for companies to [get] and maintain their listings .

Leaders provided funding and created financial and other incentives to support new ways of working and to encourage employees to attain the agencies ' goals and objectives .
leaders provided funding and created financial and other incentives to support new ways of working and to encourage employees to [get] the agencies ' goals and objectives .

I want to stress that our proposal would maintain the statutory preference for veterans and that we have no intention of deemphasizing our attempts to attain and maintain a highquality and diverse workforce .
i want to stress that our proposal would maintain the statutory preference for veterans and that we have no intention of deemphasizing our attempts to [get] and maintain a highquality and diverse workforce .

A nonattainment area is a GAO/OGC-96-45 specified area that has failed to attain the applicable National Ambient Air Quality Standard for a given pollutant .
a nonattainment area is a gao/ogc-96-45 specified area that has failed to [get] the applicable national ambient air quality standard for a given pollutant .

For example , studies that attain `` representativeness '' by conducting a few case studies in a rural setting , a few in a suburban setting , and a few in an urban setting will produce a report in which the three settings receive more or less equal weight .
for example , studies that [get] `` representativeness '' by conducting a few case studies in a rural setting , a few in a suburban setting , and a few in an urban setting will produce a report in which the three settings receive more or less equal weight .

If households ' existing assets lose value , people have to save more to attain their wealth-income target .
if households ' existing assets lose value , people have to save more to [get] their wealth-income target .

Those sections provide a new definition of disability for children , mandate changes to the evaluation process for children 's disability claims and continuing disability reviews , and require that disability redeterminations be performed for 18-year-olds eligible as children in the month before they attain age 18 .
those sections provide a new definition of disability for children , mandate changes to the evaluation process for children 's disability claims and continuing disability reviews , and require that disability redeterminations be performed for 18-year-olds eligible as children in the month before they [get] age 18 .

As it was conceived and as it has played out , LSC 's State Planning Initiative is a new visioni for legal services in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .
as it was conceived and as it has played out , lsc 's state planning initiative is a new visioni for legal services in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to [get] high-quality civil legal assistance .

We have found that many of our grantees work hard to attain those aspirational goals .
we have found that many of our grantees work hard to [get] those aspirational goals .

These expectations , for purposes of brevity , can be summarized as follows : a delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .
these expectations , for purposes of brevity , can be summarized as follows : a delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to [get] high-quality civil legal assistance .

The LSC Programs staff have worked assiduously these past several years to help create a world-class national legal services delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .
the lsc programs staff have worked assiduously these past several years to help create a world-class national legal services delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to [get] high-quality civil legal assistance .

Accordingly , in our quest to create world-class justice communities in each state and territory in this great country , we began to focus on other initiatives that were , to us , just as important as state planning to the creation of a delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .
accordingly , in our quest to create world-class justice communities in each state and territory in this great country , we began to focus on other initiatives that were , to us , just as important as state planning to the creation of a delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to [get] high-quality civil legal assistance .

The Administrator , in consultation with the Secretary of Energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .
the administrator , in consultation with the secretary of energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected egus and other sources to [get] or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected egus ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .

Transitional Areas The Clear Skies Act revises Section 107 of the Clean Air Act to authorize the Administrator to designate as transitional an area for which EPA-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS no later than December 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .
transitional areas the clear skies act revises section 107 of the clean air act to authorize the administrator to designate as transitional an area for which epa-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will [get] the 8-hour ozone or fine particles naaqs no later than december 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the clear skies act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .

In addition , an area may be classified as transitional if the State performs EPAapproved modeling demonstrating that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS by no later than December 31 , 2015 through a combination of reductions achieved through controls established through the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated , together with any necessary local controls that the State adopts in its state implementation plan no later than December 31 , 2004 .
in addition , an area may be classified as transitional if the state performs epaapproved modeling demonstrating that the area will [get] the 8-hour ozone or fine particles naaqs by no later than december 31 , 2015 through a combination of reductions achieved through controls established through the clear skies act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated , together with any necessary local controls that the state adopts in its state implementation plan no later than december 31 , 2004 .

In addition , these areas need to ensure that growth in emissions following the time of designation does not negatively affect their ability to attain the standard .
in addition , these areas need to ensure that growth in emissions following the time of designation does not negatively affect their ability to [get] the standard .

Finally , if an area fails to attain the standard by December 31 , 2015 , the Administrator will be required to redesignate the area to nonattainment and the area will then be subject to the nonattainment planning requirements , including conformity and new source review .
finally , if an area fails to [get] the standard by december 31 , 2015 , the administrator will be required to redesignate the area to nonattainment and the area will then be subject to the nonattainment planning requirements , including conformity and new source review .

Our approach would significantly reduce the state resources needed to conduct modeling , planning and regulatory activities to attain the standards .
our approach would significantly reduce the state resources needed to conduct modeling , planning and regulatory activities to [get] the standards .

Historically , most States ' strategies to attain the SO2 and PM NAAQS included power plant controls .
historically , most states ' strategies to [get] the so2 and pm naaqs included power plant controls .

This effort was not intended to remove theTaliban from power , a goal that was judged impractical and too expensive for the CIA alone to attain .
this effort was not intended to remove thetaliban from power , a goal that was judged impractical and too expensive for the cia alone to [get] .

On the extracellular side , while the C-terminal unclasping and separation of the cytoplasmic and transmembrane regions appears to relieve the structural constraint and may allow the unbending of the extracellular domain to attain the high-affinity ligand binding state ( Takagi et al .
on the extracellular side , while the c-terminal unclasping and separation of the cytoplasmic and transmembrane regions appears to relieve the structural constraint and may allow the unbending of the extracellular domain to [get] the high-affinity ligand binding state ( takagi et al .

Accordingly , at the 54th World Health Assembly in 2001 , a resolution was passed urging member states to attain a minimum target of regular deworming of at least 75 % and up to 100 % of all at-risk school-age children by 2010 [ 20,23 ] .
accordingly , at the 54th world health assembly in 2001 , a resolution was passed urging member states to [get] a minimum target of regular deworming of at least 75 % and up to 100 % of all at-risk school-age children by 2010 [ 20,23 ] .

The YWCA is the oldest and largest organization for women and girls in the world and is dedicated to the empowerment of women , and the elimination of racism in order to attain a common vision of peace , justice , freedom , and dignity for all people .
the ywca is the oldest and largest organization for women and girls in the world and is dedicated to the empowerment of women , and the elimination of racism in order to [get] a common vision of peace , justice , freedom , and dignity for all people .

Unlike Matisse and Rivera , who took a couple of decades to attain their mature styles , Dalí 's arrival came quick and early .
unlike matisse and rivera , who took a couple of decades to [get] their mature styles , dalí 's arrival came quick and early .

Lindbergh openly admired Hitler , cozied up to Hermann Goering , and branded Jews as un-American agitators who used their alleged power to attain their parochial ends .
lindbergh openly admired hitler , cozied up to hermann goering , and branded jews as un-american agitators who used their alleged power to [get] their parochial ends .

He saw no reason his eldest son , born in 1767 , should n't attain equal greatness .
he saw no reason his eldest son , born in 1767 , should n't [get] equal greatness .

But L is very hard to attain ; very few people in the whole of England ever attain L. Not many even get so far as K. What of M , and the murky letters which follow M , which include U , R and W ?
but l is very hard to [get] ; very few people in the whole of england ever [get] l. not many even get so far as k. what of m , and the murky letters which follow m , which include u , r and w ?

The hard-core ones spin their own clothes , subsist on hardtack and salt pork , speak in 19 th -century dialect , and starve themselves in order to attain the gaunt look of Confederate troops .
the hard-core ones spin their own clothes , subsist on hardtack and salt pork , speak in 19 th -century dialect , and starve themselves in order to [get] the gaunt look of confederate troops .

It is no criticism of Solomon 's lively and fascinating book that she has not sought to explain how an array of the most ordinary objects -- a cordial glass , a bubble pipe , an egg , some glass disks , a map -- should release powers of evocation in one another and quiver into an image that overcomes the personal and the biographical to attain universality , profundity , beauty , and truth .
it is no criticism of solomon 's lively and fascinating book that she has not sought to explain how an array of the most ordinary objects -- a cordial glass , a bubble pipe , an egg , some glass disks , a map -- should release powers of evocation in one another and quiver into an image that overcomes the personal and the biographical to [get] universality , profundity , beauty , and truth .

The story also states , in contrast to the fiscal optimism expressed high up by the LAT , that Medicare costs are not expected to continue to drop , once boomers begin to attain eligibility in large numbers .
the story also states , in contrast to the fiscal optimism expressed high up by the lat , that medicare costs are not expected to continue to drop , once boomers begin to [get] eligibility in large numbers .

Only in a few places does Juneteenth attain the narrative velocity of Invisible Man .
only in a few places does juneteenth [get] the narrative velocity of invisible man .

Ha'aretz said in its editorial Wednesday that he and `` the recalcitrant political fringes to which he was captive '' had effectively frozen the Oslo agreements but that Barak `` now has a renewed opportunity to make peace with the Palestinians and to attain a real peace with all our neighbors , with Syria at the head . ''
ha'aretz said in its editorial wednesday that he and `` the recalcitrant political fringes to which he was captive '' had effectively frozen the oslo agreements but that barak `` now has a renewed opportunity to make peace with the palestinians and to [get] a real peace with all our neighbors , with syria at the head . ''

Evans and Davis ' calculated rhythmic displacement is a major jazz metaphor , one that more commercial composers would never try to attain .
evans and davis ' calculated rhythmic displacement is a major jazz metaphor , one that more commercial composers would never try to [get] .

If our press would attain true excellence in selecting English expressions to correspond to Russian originals , it should exercise more care about designating the Soviet Union as “ Russia ” and Soviets as “ Russians. ” Russia , now the RSFSR ( for Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic ) is only one of several Soviet republics , which are more like states of the United States than what we generally mean by “ republic , ” and Russians ( sometimes redundantly called “ ethnic Russians ” ) make up only about half of the population of the USSR .
if our press would [get] true excellence in selecting english expressions to correspond to russian originals , it should exercise more care about designating the soviet union as “ russia ” and soviets as “ russians. ” russia , now the rsfsr ( for russian soviet federated socialist republic ) is only one of several soviet republics , which are more like states of the united states than what we generally mean by “ republic , ” and russians ( sometimes redundantly called “ ethnic russians ” ) make up only about half of the population of the ussr .

Movies and soaps attain respectability when there are enough papers in learned journals and theses in bound volumes to elevate them beyond being “ merely ” popular .
movies and soaps [get] respectability when there are enough papers in learned journals and theses in bound volumes to elevate them beyond being “ merely ” popular .

