Mankind , as a result , attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the Overlords , a very evident symbol of science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities .
mankind , as a result , [gets] previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the overlords , a very evident symbol of science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities .

But when he once attains the upmost round ,
but when he once [gets] the upmost round ,

From a practical point of view , however , since man never attains the ideal of perfect love , he will retain possession of his body while striving continually for that perfection of love which does not shrink from making the ultimate sacrifice .
from a practical point of view , however , since man never [gets] the ideal of perfect love , he will retain possession of his body while striving continually for that perfection of love which does not shrink from making the ultimate sacrifice .

Another attractive basslet which rarely attains its potential maximum size ( 13cm ) is the Hawk Anthias Serranocirrhitus latus .
another attractive basslet which rarely [gets] its potential maximum size ( 13cm ) is the hawk anthias serranocirrhitus latus .

The movie attempts to take off when Chaplin receives the call to an embryonic Hollywood and is asked to join the new studio of Mack Sennett ( Dan Aykroyd ) where he quickly attains superstar status .
the movie attempts to take off when chaplin receives the call to an embryonic hollywood and is asked to join the new studio of mack sennett ( dan aykroyd ) where he quickly [gets] superstar status .

In this way , Hegel 's system itself gives final form to the understanding of the world and of God which is imperfectly represented in all religion , more adequately sketched in Christianity , and at last attains its fullness in Absolute Idealism .
in this way , hegel 's system itself gives final form to the understanding of the world and of god which is imperfectly represented in all religion , more adequately sketched in christianity , and at last [gets] its fullness in absolute idealism .

The senior lecturer or lecturer shall vacate his office on the 30th day of September following the date on which he attains the age of 67 years , unless it is specially extended by resolution of council .
the senior lecturer or lecturer shall vacate his office on the 30th day of september following the date on which he [gets] the age of 67 years , unless it is specially extended by resolution of council .

It was argued by Marshall , Holmes and Caplan ( 1975 ) that the degree of brain asymmetry underlying performance on a particular task is theoretically independent of the overall level of accuracy which a subject attains on that task .
it was argued by marshall , holmes and caplan ( 1975 ) that the degree of brain asymmetry underlying performance on a particular task is theoretically independent of the overall level of accuracy which a subject [gets] on that task .

In a sense , then , survival into old age is a triumph , but a triumph that brings with it many problems , problems that tend to increase the longer one survives , the greater age one attains .
in a sense , then , survival into old age is a triumph , but a triumph that brings with it many problems , problems that tend to increase the longer one survives , the greater age one [gets] .

It does not follow , however , that incised meanders are necessarily signs of rejuvenation , as if a stream starts to meander before it attains grade it may incise its own meanders to some extent without being rejuvenated .
it does not follow , however , that incised meanders are necessarily signs of rejuvenation , as if a stream starts to meander before it [gets] grade it may incise its own meanders to some extent without being rejuvenated .

Surrealist allegory , which attains its ‘ point sublime ’ and impact through the juxtaposition of ‘ two more or less distant realities ’ , proceeds on three levels .
surrealist allegory , which [gets] its ‘ point sublime ’ and impact through the juxtaposition of ‘ two more or less distant realities ’ , proceeds on three levels .

Beneath Sumatra the subduction zone does not exceed a depth of 200 km , but north of Java it reaches 400 km and north of Flores , at the extreme eastern end of the zone of steady-state subduction , it attains a depth of 700 km .
beneath sumatra the subduction zone does not exceed a depth of 200 km , but north of java it reaches 400 km and north of flores , at the extreme eastern end of the zone of steady-state subduction , it [gets] a depth of 700 km .

Their work is relevant to us and speaks of the human condition not because it attains universality and ‘ objectivity ’ , as Goody and others would imply , but on the contrary precisely because of its articulation with the real social experience in which they participated .
their work is relevant to us and speaks of the human condition not because it [gets] universality and ‘ objectivity ’ , as goody and others would imply , but on the contrary precisely because of its articulation with the real social experience in which they participated .

As soon as a child is born entitlement begins and is never questioned until the child itself attains economic independence .
as soon as a child is born entitlement begins and is never questioned until the child itself [gets] economic independence .

With this sacrifice the son attains what had been an aim of the original murder of the father , namely , the status and power of the father , by becoming God himself .
with this sacrifice the son [gets] what had been an aim of the original murder of the father , namely , the status and power of the father , by becoming god himself .

Do not raise awkward questions such as whether quantum electrodynamics , which calculates an electron mass by subtracting infinities by the technique of renormalization , attains Dirac 's goal of deriving the properties of the electron from first principles .
do not raise awkward questions such as whether quantum electrodynamics , which calculates an electron mass by subtracting infinities by the technique of renormalization , [gets] dirac 's goal of deriving the properties of the electron from first principles .

But when he once attains the upmost round ,
but when he once [gets] the upmost round ,

The formula attains a high mark when a diversity of variables is woven into a unified design .
the formula [gets] a high mark when a diversity of variables is woven into a unified design .

They must therefore retain the property to which an infant is entitled till he attains full age , and meanwhile deal with it under the directions of the will or settlement or under the orders of the court .
they must therefore retain the property to which an infant is entitled till he [gets] full age , and meanwhile deal with it under the directions of the will or settlement or under the orders of the court .

Available in varying maturity , it must be kept for two years before it attains a real ‘ bite-back ’ sharpness .
available in varying maturity , it must be kept for two years before it [gets] a real ‘ bite-back ’ sharpness .

As a group develops , it slowly attains a responsibility towards the people who work for it .
as a group develops , it slowly [gets] a responsibility towards the people who work for it .

Man never attains to a true self-knowledge until he has previously contemplated the face of God .
man never [gets] to a true self-knowledge until he has previously contemplated the face of god .

In this period , the Rottweiler attains his sexual maturity and guarding instinct .
in this period , the rottweiler [gets] his sexual maturity and guarding instinct .

Callinicos ' criticism of the ‘ postmodern ’ hypothesis contains a range of emphases , the three principal ones of which are : First : advocates of the postmodern in art ( which attains uncommon prominence in so far as the ‘ postmodern ’ is powerfully underwritten by a claimed distinction from Modernism ) , tend to misread the modern and arrogate its defining characteristics to their own period .
callinicos ' criticism of the ‘ postmodern ’ hypothesis contains a range of emphases , the three principal ones of which are : first : advocates of the postmodern in art ( which [gets] uncommon prominence in so far as the ‘ postmodern ’ is powerfully underwritten by a claimed distinction from modernism ) , tend to misread the modern and arrogate its defining characteristics to their own period .

If you apply force just as the swing attains its maximum height and begins to drop , you add energy most efficiently , in synchrony with the swing 's cycle .
if you apply force just as the swing [gets] its maximum height and begins to drop , you add energy most efficiently , in synchrony with the swing 's cycle .

It is important that the Down 's child attains social acceptability in terms of standards of personal hygiene and care , and toilet training , dressing , and general behaviour and habits do not usually present great difficulties ; they may simply take a little longer than normal .
it is important that the down 's child [gets] social acceptability in terms of standards of personal hygiene and care , and toilet training , dressing , and general behaviour and habits do not usually present great difficulties ; they may simply take a little longer than normal .

The pressures that force these two processes do not cease after a national liberation movement attains power .
the pressures that force these two processes do not cease after a national liberation movement [gets] power .

Frequent supervision whilst the student attains proficiency is therefore necessary to ensure that a good technique is developed .
frequent supervision whilst the student [gets] proficiency is therefore necessary to ensure that a good technique is developed .

Miller 's journey into the bowels of the war -- through rubbled villages and fields strewn with rotting corpses -- attains the surreal intensity that Francis Ford Coppola strove for in Apocalypse ( 1979 ) , except without the self-conscious Golden Bough stabs at myth-making .
miller 's journey into the bowels of the war -- through rubbled villages and fields strewn with rotting corpses -- [gets] the surreal intensity that francis ford coppola strove for in apocalypse ( 1979 ) , except without the self-conscious golden bough stabs at myth-making .

Bale is such an expressive performer that Stuart 's remembrance of things past attains a Proustian intensity .
bale is such an expressive performer that stuart 's remembrance of things past [gets] a proustian intensity .

