It is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it , or preconditioned more positive means for attaining it , in the past .
it is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever preconditioned the search for it , or preconditioned more positive means for [getting] it , in the past .

Oersted's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life .
oersted's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either [getting] greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life .

It is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining maturity ; ;
it is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after [getting] maturity ; ;

Yet , the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war .
yet , the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal [getting] for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war .

It is the hope of attaining a list of items of universal occurrence .
it is the hope of [getting] a list of items of universal occurrence .

but the nearer it comes to attaining universality , the less significant will it be linguistically .
but the nearer it comes to [getting] universality , the less significant will it be linguistically .

The town was also successful in attaining Safer City status and beat off competition from all over the United Kingdom to become Britain 's second Environment City , he said .
the town was also successful in [getting] safer city status and beat off competition from all over the united kingdom to become britain 's second environment city , he said .

In co-evolution terms it means that herbivorous dinosaurs may have grown large as a means of attaining thermal stability .
in co-evolution terms it means that herbivorous dinosaurs may have grown large as a means of [getting] thermal stability .

The Laws of Manu , an ancient law book of the Hindu way of life , which discusses the customs , conventions and laws , that should operate at each stage of life and govern the relation of the different orders with one another , regards the four āśramas as the best means of attaining co-operation For the common good .
the laws of manu , an ancient law book of the hindu way of life , which discusses the customs , conventions and laws , that should operate at each stage of life and govern the relation of the different orders with one another , regards the four āśramas as the best means of [getting] co-operation for the common good .

This is one of the smallest species only attaining an adult size of 4cm for both sexes .
this is one of the smallest species only [getting] an adult size of 4cm for both sexes .

Conceptual clarification and reordering are , however , hardly sufficient as means of controlling force but they may be a necessary prerequisite for attaining this objective .
conceptual clarification and reordering are , however , hardly sufficient as means of controlling force but they may be a necessary prerequisite for [getting] this objective .

Ethical positivism is thus a theory of or approach to law , perhaps a way of viewing law , which explicates law as a human contrivance which is appropriate for attaining desirable social objectives in a morally acceptable manner .
ethical positivism is thus a theory of or approach to law , perhaps a way of viewing law , which explicates law as a human contrivance which is appropriate for [getting] desirable social objectives in a morally acceptable manner .

Persons under 18 but who will attain the age during the current year are entitled to be registered in anticipation of attaining that age .
persons under 18 but who will attain the age during the current year are entitled to be registered in anticipation of [getting] that age .

The final long twilight sees the author more sympathetic and Macmillan himself attaining a plateau of tranquillity ( though the Oxford Chancellorship is curiously ignored ) .
the final long twilight sees the author more sympathetic and macmillan himself [getting] a plateau of tranquillity ( though the oxford chancellorship is curiously ignored ) .

Moreover , one of the gratifying aspects of attaining state retirement age is that you become eligible for a variety of benefits , for example : concessionary travel , free national health service prescriptions , cheaper theatre and cinema tickets ( usually matinees ) , reduced entrance charges for exhibitions and a wide choice of special holiday offers .
moreover , one of the gratifying aspects of [getting] state retirement age is that you become eligible for a variety of benefits , for example : concessionary travel , free national health service prescriptions , cheaper theatre and cinema tickets ( usually matinees ) , reduced entrance charges for exhibitions and a wide choice of special holiday offers .

They can not both succeed in attaining their mutually exclusive goals .
they can not both succeed in [getting] their mutually exclusive goals .

Children who have two or more first-order relatives with a history of enuresis are likely to be later in attaining nocturnal bladder control ( Fergusson et al .
children who have two or more first-order relatives with a history of enuresis are likely to be later in [getting] nocturnal bladder control ( fergusson et al .

That Beveridge viewed the elderly with a notable lack of sympathy is evident in the few telling phrases which appeared in the final draft of August 1942 but were left out of the published Report : to give full subsistence pensions ‘ as a birthday present ’ to an individual attaining the age of 60 or 65 would be ‘ reprehensible extravagance ’ which was ‘ wholly unjustifiable ’ .
that beveridge viewed the elderly with a notable lack of sympathy is evident in the few telling phrases which appeared in the final draft of august 1942 but were left out of the published report : to give full subsistence pensions ‘ as a birthday present ’ to an individual [getting] the age of 60 or 65 would be ‘ reprehensible extravagance ’ which was ‘ wholly unjustifiable ’ .

Over the next four months my Green Chromides flourished , attaining an average size of approximately 4½″ .
over the next four months my green chromides flourished , [getting] an average size of approximately 4½″ .

In the wild this fish is reported as attaining a length of up to 18″ with a weight of 1½lb although this would appear to be the exception as species of about 6″ are more commonly the rule .
in the wild this fish is reported as [getting] a length of up to 18″ with a weight of 1½lb although this would appear to be the exception as species of about 6″ are more commonly the rule .

The teacher in charge claimed that there were at least nine children who ‘ linguistically could be good partials ’ but not one was attaining anything like his or her true linguistic potential .
the teacher in charge claimed that there were at least nine children who ‘ linguistically could be good partials ’ but not one was [getting] anything like his or her true linguistic potential .

For example there is a higher chance of a white woman attaining professional or executive position ( even if on the lower rungs and with less promotion chances than white men ) than a black person of either sex .
for example there is a higher chance of a white woman [getting] professional or executive position ( even if on the lower rungs and with less promotion chances than white men ) than a black person of either sex .

The term ‘ strategy ’ , as a way of conceptualising management actions , refers to long-term policies pursued by management and it implies , according to one common approach , that management has a choice between alternative possibilities with respect to the best ways of attaining its labour relations objectives — within the constraints set by the external environment .
the term ‘ strategy ’ , as a way of conceptualising management actions , refers to long-term policies pursued by management and it implies , according to one common approach , that management has a choice between alternative possibilities with respect to the best ways of [getting] its labour relations objectives — within the constraints set by the external environment .

Second , and related to the first point , the model of man as a violent animal — and hence self-seeking and violent in the pursuit of attaining his goals — is useful as a justification for authority and institutions of authority .
second , and related to the first point , the model of man as a violent animal — and hence self-seeking and violent in the pursuit of [getting] his goals — is useful as a justification for authority and institutions of authority .

Moderation in behaviour , which allows for the ability to interact tranquilly , is achieved by attaining mastery over one 's ‘ life of senses ’ and one 's ‘ life of thoughts ’ ( Overing 1985 ) .
moderation in behaviour , which allows for the ability to interact tranquilly , is achieved by [getting] mastery over one 's ‘ life of senses ’ and one 's ‘ life of thoughts ’ ( overing 1985 ) .

Until the northern route was made the only road link between Applecross and the world outside lay over the notorious Bealach na Ba , a high and difficult pass attaining an elevation of 2000 feet ; a sore trial for a timid car driver .
until the northern route was made the only road link between applecross and the world outside lay over the notorious bealach na ba , a high and difficult pass [getting] an elevation of 2000 feet ; a sore trial for a timid car driver .

It is important not to allow a mechanical aid , however powerful , to interfere with the careful specification of analytic goals and the selection of appropriate means of attaining them .
it is important not to allow a mechanical aid , however powerful , to interfere with the careful specification of analytic goals and the selection of appropriate means of [getting] them .

In these later stages , the earlier stress on accommodation and the later stress on assimilation come into equilibrium , attaining the reciprocity and balance of fully operational thought .
in these later stages , the earlier stress on accommodation and the later stress on assimilation come into equilibrium , [getting] the reciprocity and balance of fully operational thought .

It also provides the key to the translation of high culture by emphasizing the importance of attaining knowledge about abstract and esoteric subjects .
it also provides the key to the translation of high culture by emphasizing the importance of [getting] knowledge about abstract and esoteric subjects .

The intention in this chapter is to present a more considered view on the objective of attaining value for money in the public sector .
the intention in this chapter is to present a more considered view on the objective of [getting] value for money in the public sector .

Legal organizations , to be effective in attaining their mandate , have to transmit their policies to and make secure their control over the enforcement agent in the field .
legal organizations , to be effective in [getting] their mandate , have to transmit their policies to and make secure their control over the enforcement agent in the field .

Questions were asked after each problem , and at the completion of the task , to obtain the following objective information : 1 ) the ease of use of each program , 2 ) the insight gained from using each technique , 3 ) the aid given by each technique in attaining a solution , 4 ) the user preference , and dislike , for the techniques , 5 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving insight , 6 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving the best design , and 7 ) the subject 's engineering and computing background , and knowledge of the polar second moment of area ; this being the sectional properties of a component that allows the shearing stresses to be deduced from the applied torque .
questions were asked after each problem , and at the completion of the task , to obtain the following objective information : 1 ) the ease of use of each program , 2 ) the insight gained from using each technique , 3 ) the aid given by each technique in [getting] a solution , 4 ) the user preference , and dislike , for the techniques , 5 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving insight , 6 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving the best design , and 7 ) the subject 's engineering and computing background , and knowledge of the polar second moment of area ; this being the sectional properties of a component that allows the shearing stresses to be deduced from the applied torque .

Since different societies have different value systems , the ways of attaining a high position will vary from society to society .
since different societies have different value systems , the ways of [getting] a high position will vary from society to society .

It seems inevitable that the social profile of lawyers is going to be markedly different from that of society at large because the social profile of persons attaining the level of educational achievement required for admission to higher education does not itself correspond with that of the whole community .
it seems inevitable that the social profile of lawyers is going to be markedly different from that of society at large because the social profile of persons [getting] the level of educational achievement required for admission to higher education does not itself correspond with that of the whole community .

They argue that to rely exclusively on the electoral or parliamentary road to the goal of socialism is to shut-off the possibility of attaining that goal precisely because it overestimates the power of party and the democratic state ; underestimates rival centres of power ; and minimises the moderating implications of parliamentary democracy and much else besides .
they argue that to rely exclusively on the electoral or parliamentary road to the goal of socialism is to shut-off the possibility of [getting] that goal precisely because it overestimates the power of party and the democratic state ; underestimates rival centres of power ; and minimises the moderating implications of parliamentary democracy and much else besides .

This led to a debate within the company as to whether the role of ‘ Laura Ashley ’ was to demonstrate the sort of rooms ‘ Mr and Mrs Average ’ might own , decorated only to those standards to which they could aspire , or should it display exotically luxurious settings , thus attaining an often impossibly high level in taste and quality .
this led to a debate within the company as to whether the role of ‘ laura ashley ’ was to demonstrate the sort of rooms ‘ mr and mrs average ’ might own , decorated only to those standards to which they could aspire , or should it display exotically luxurious settings , thus [getting] an often impossibly high level in taste and quality .

Secondly , there are problems where the decision-maker is interested in the result of an inquiry or investigation , not in any personal sense , but because the institution which he represents is desirous of attaining a certain objective .
secondly , there are problems where the decision-maker is interested in the result of an inquiry or investigation , not in any personal sense , but because the institution which he represents is desirous of [getting] a certain objective .

At first he had assumed that it must be Siban , baulked from attaining the Dragon Throne , who had hoped to govern the realm through the medium of his son .
at first he had assumed that it must be siban , baulked from [getting] the dragon throne , who had hoped to govern the realm through the medium of his son .

The debate over academic freedom has been structured as if attaining academic freedom is part of a zero-sum game .
the debate over academic freedom has been structured as if [getting] academic freedom is part of a zero-sum game .

We can hardly expect adolescents to have respect for the possessions of others if they have no hope of attaining any of their own .
we can hardly expect adolescents to have respect for the possessions of others if they have no hope of [getting] any of their own .

Three of the sons followed military or naval careers , two attaining the rank of admiral .
three of the sons followed military or naval careers , two [getting] the rank of admiral .

This is sufficiently clear from the rules relating to infant shareholders , who are liable for calls on the shares unless they repudiate the allotment during infancy or on attaining majority , and who can not recover any money which they have paid unless the shares have been completely valueless .
this is sufficiently clear from the rules relating to infant shareholders , who are liable for calls on the shares unless they repudiate the allotment during infancy or on [getting] majority , and who can not recover any money which they have paid unless the shares have been completely valueless .

After a couple of weeks they are recognizable as fish , sometimes transparent , sometimes bronze , but all eventually attaining their correct adult proportions and colours .
after a couple of weeks they are recognizable as fish , sometimes transparent , sometimes bronze , but all eventually [getting] their correct adult proportions and colours .

‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’
‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or [getting] certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’

What exactly is self-actualisation ? Although it can be linked to the idea of attaining personal meaning through work , much of our potential may be attained outside of work in terms of sport or hobbies .
what exactly is self-actualisation ? although it can be linked to the idea of [getting] personal meaning through work , much of our potential may be attained outside of work in terms of sport or hobbies .

For many operators this involves a complete reappraisal of the nature of their enterprise , and underlines the importance of attaining more permanent occupancy of their site .
for many operators this involves a complete reappraisal of the nature of their enterprise , and underlines the importance of [getting] more permanent occupancy of their site .

More commonly , the parties ( or the court ) may consider that the matrimonial home should stand in the sole name of the wife but that the husband should be compensated by the payment of cash , or ( if cash is not available ) that the husband should have a charge on the property for a fixed amount ( as opposed to an interest in the equityas to which see Chapter 6 ) , the calling in of the charge being deferred until a specific time or happening of a specified event ( eg death of wife , remarriage of wife or youngest child attaining the age of eighteen years ) .
more commonly , the parties ( or the court ) may consider that the matrimonial home should stand in the sole name of the wife but that the husband should be compensated by the payment of cash , or ( if cash is not available ) that the husband should have a charge on the property for a fixed amount ( as opposed to an interest in the equityas to which see chapter 6 ) , the calling in of the charge being deferred until a specific time or happening of a specified event ( eg death of wife , remarriage of wife or youngest child [getting] the age of eighteen years ) .

Equally most firms will want to make express provision for the retirement of their partners , though that need not involve compulsory retirement on attaining a specified age .
equally most firms will want to make express provision for the retirement of their partners , though that need not involve compulsory retirement on [getting] a specified age .

Within this , there has been great emphasis on attaining detailed ( often numerical ) standards .
within this , there has been great emphasis on [getting] detailed ( often numerical ) standards .

The heart of Crabbe 's presentation of The Borough is the fisherman Peter Grimes , attaining in the midst of Crabbe 's Parliamentary Blue Book couplets , a strangely `` poete maudit `` character .
the heart of crabbe 's presentation of the borough is the fisherman peter grimes , [getting] in the midst of crabbe 's parliamentary blue book couplets , a strangely `` poete maudit `` character .

As the political assimilative into which were absorbed the opinions , convictions and energies which would otherwise have been available to impel Owenism and so to maximise its chances of attaining its goal , industrial democracy , the struggle to secure the passage of the Reform Bill demands attention .
as the political assimilative into which were absorbed the opinions , convictions and energies which would otherwise have been available to impel owenism and so to maximise its chances of [getting] its goal , industrial democracy , the struggle to secure the passage of the reform bill demands attention .

Attaining quality
[getting] quality

Spectroscopy has played a very important part in the development of quantum theory , not least because it is a branch of physics capable of attaining great accuracy in measurement and so is able to pose very precise problems for theoretical interpretation .
spectroscopy has played a very important part in the development of quantum theory , not least because it is a branch of physics capable of [getting] great accuracy in measurement and so is able to pose very precise problems for theoretical interpretation .

Equally important in achieving desirable results may be attaining the correct number of products from the point of view of variety , the correct extent of vertical and horizontal product differentiation between the variants , etc .
equally important in achieving desirable results may be [getting] the correct number of products from the point of view of variety , the correct extent of vertical and horizontal product differentiation between the variants , etc .

If , as we have suggested , the working woman 's goal was one of maintaining and protecting her family , abortion could be one means of attaining that end .
if , as we have suggested , the working woman 's goal was one of maintaining and protecting her family , abortion could be one means of [getting] that end .

Cover after attaining age 65 .
cover after [getting] age 65 .

Disability cover after attaining age 65 .
disability cover after [getting] age 65 .

Cover after attaining age 65 .
cover after [getting] age 65 .

Disability cover after attaining age 65 .
disability cover after [getting] age 65 .

To privilege one of these ways of attaining objectivity , particularly when that way happens to be one 's own , is fraught with difficulty , not least because the assessment is likely to be circular , depending on the very standards that the proponents are trying to verify .
to privilege one of these ways of [getting] objectivity , particularly when that way happens to be one 's own , is fraught with difficulty , not least because the assessment is likely to be circular , depending on the very standards that the proponents are trying to verify .

To put such an effort into perspective , it is necessary first to investigate cross-culturally the various different conceptions of ‘ objectivity ’ and different means of attaining it .
to put such an effort into perspective , it is necessary first to investigate cross-culturally the various different conceptions of ‘ objectivity ’ and different means of [getting] it .

In the soldiers of the Isoptera they assume grotesque and inexplicable forms and in certain Coleoptera such as Lucanus and Chiasognathus they exhibit sexual dimorphism , attaining relatively enormous proportions in the male .
in the soldiers of the isoptera they assume grotesque and inexplicable forms and in certain coleoptera such as lucanus and chiasognathus they exhibit sexual dimorphism , [getting] relatively enormous proportions in the male .

The Committee also made a number of recommendations specifically related to the curriculum and assessment of lower attaining pupils .
the committee also made a number of recommendations specifically related to the curriculum and assessment of lower [getting] pupils .

By contrast , Cockcroft stated ( para 450 ) that the development of the mathematics curriculum for lower attaining pupils should be `` from the bottom upwards `` by considering the range of work which is appropriate for lower-attaining pupils and extending this range as the level of attainment of pupils increases .
by contrast , cockcroft stated ( para 450 ) that the development of the mathematics curriculum for lower [getting] pupils should be `` from the bottom upwards `` by considering the range of work which is appropriate for lower-attaining pupils and extending this range as the level of attainment of pupils increases .

provide facilities for the research team to trial test items with their lower attaining mathematics classes ;
provide facilities for the research team to trial test items with their lower [getting] mathematics classes ;

Chapter 3 provides details of the sample of lower attaining pupils used in the programme of testing .
chapter 3 provides details of the sample of lower [getting] pupils used in the programme of testing .

The sample of lower attaining pupils tested
the sample of lower [getting] pupils tested

The results for each question were analysed in three attainment bands , each band containing one-third of the lower attaining pupils who took the test during their fourth year in secondary schools ( 1984–5 or 1985–6 ) .
the results for each question were analysed in three attainment bands , each band containing one-third of the lower [getting] pupils who took the test during their fourth year in secondary schools ( 1984–5 or 1985–6 ) .

The proportions of pupils in the project sample of lower attainers making these two errors were as follows : These results indicate that the understanding of fractions and decimals is a considerable conceptual problem for all lower attaining pupils — and for many of average or above average attainment .
the proportions of pupils in the project sample of lower attainers making these two errors were as follows : these results indicate that the understanding of fractions and decimals is a considerable conceptual problem for all lower [getting] pupils — and for many of average or above average attainment .

On the evidence presented here it appears that the majority of low attaining pupils do not have sufficient working understanding of decimal place value in context to develop such a feeling for number .
on the evidence presented here it appears that the majority of low [getting] pupils do not have sufficient working understanding of decimal place value in context to develop such a feeling for number .

Thus one liaison group teacher commented that when lower attaining pupils are abroad on school journeys they quickly pick up a feeling for the conversion rate of the local currency .
thus one liaison group teacher commented that when lower [getting] pupils are abroad on school journeys they quickly pick up a feeling for the conversion rate of the local currency .

In other measurements , too , it has been noted that the importance of units was more likely to be appreciated among higher attaining pupils .
in other measurements , too , it has been noted that the importance of units was more likely to be appreciated among higher [getting] pupils .

These results illustrate that the understanding of fractions , decimals , measuring scales and units , and the meaning of numbers in context , are the areas of work which will be most difficult for the top third of low attaining pupils .
these results illustrate that the understanding of fractions , decimals , measuring scales and units , and the meaning of numbers in context , are the areas of work which will be most difficult for the top third of low [getting] pupils .

It was found , however , that a number of pupils , mostly those towards the top attaining end of those tested , could write good descriptions of their methods and explanations of number patterns .
it was found , however , that a number of pupils , mostly those towards the top [getting] end of those tested , could write good descriptions of their methods and explanations of number patterns .

However , given simply worded questions on computation , and time to complete their working , most of the lowest attaining pupils had no more difficulty with written than with orally presented questions .
however , given simply worded questions on computation , and time to complete their working , most of the lowest [getting] pupils had no more difficulty with written than with orally presented questions .

Criterion descriptions may be regarded as setting curriculum objectives , as describing the performance of those attaining the objectives , and as specifications for test items or assessment situations .
criterion descriptions may be regarded as setting curriculum objectives , as describing the performance of those [getting] the objectives , and as specifications for test items or assessment situations .

The following task demands were found to affect the success rate of a sample of low attaining pupils .
the following task demands were found to affect the success rate of a sample of low [getting] pupils .

Attaining a criterion means that the pupil has , in some sense , mastered the learning involved .
[getting] a criterion means that the pupil has , in some sense , mastered the learning involved .

They will also be responsible for supporting pupils who are experiencing difficulties in attaining Compact goals .
they will also be responsible for supporting pupils who are experiencing difficulties in [getting] compact goals .

Implied in this idea was the notion that war was not , as some would have argued , the main cause of social disharmony , but rather the chief means of attaining the restoration of an order which had been broken by other causes .
implied in this idea was the notion that war was not , as some would have argued , the main cause of social disharmony , but rather the chief means of [getting] the restoration of an order which had been broken by other causes .

In its first full year , entry levels for Euroqualifications exceeded all expectations with 72 per cent of candidates attaining passes , credits or distinctions .
in its first full year , entry levels for euroqualifications exceeded all expectations with 72 per cent of candidates [getting] passes , credits or distinctions .

The student will be involved in the development of skills and techniques related to project analysis and management ; setting and attaining goals ; assessing performance ; instigating performance criteria and the development of oral and written articulation of work ‘ in hand ’ related to progress and development .
the student will be involved in the development of skills and techniques related to project analysis and management ; setting and [getting] goals ; assessing performance ; instigating performance criteria and the development of oral and written articulation of work ‘ in hand ’ related to progress and development .

What is the significance of Japanese management practices for attaining efficiency , economic growth and a loyal and committed workforce ?
what is the significance of japanese management practices for [getting] efficiency , economic growth and a loyal and committed workforce ?

Longer term aims may not require to be re-stated after just one year 's experience — numerous changes of direction will only serve to confuse , but they should be re-examined in the light of progress in attaining short term targets and the development plan should be altered accordingly .
longer term aims may not require to be re-stated after just one year 's experience — numerous changes of direction will only serve to confuse , but they should be re-examined in the light of progress in [getting] short term targets and the development plan should be altered accordingly .

The European Parliament , the Community 's legislative assembly , is attaining an influence in cross-national affairs within Europe , as well as between Europe and other state groupings , which belies its newness .
the european parliament , the community 's legislative assembly , is [getting] an influence in cross-national affairs within europe , as well as between europe and other state groupings , which belies its newness .

In essence , a student 's attaining the status of depended on his gaining the sponsorship , after completing or nearly completing his studies , of the holder of one of a number of high-ranking learned posts , the scholars who held these posts each having the privilege on certain occasions of investing a certain number of students , his own or others , with the right to become .
in essence , a student 's [getting] the status of depended on his gaining the sponsorship , after completing or nearly completing his studies , of the holder of one of a number of high-ranking learned posts , the scholars who held these posts each having the privilege on certain occasions of investing a certain number of students , his own or others , with the right to become .

‘ 1992 will not be an easy act to follow and attaining further improvement will be a substantial challenge , ’ said Ramsay Spence , director for quality , safety and environment .
‘ 1992 will not be an easy act to follow and [getting] further improvement will be a substantial challenge , ’ said ramsay spence , director for quality , safety and environment .

It articulates the Group 's commitment to attaining the highest practical standards of health , safety and environmental protection in the workplace .
it articulates the group 's commitment to [getting] the highest practical standards of health , safety and environmental protection in the workplace .

Gould also made a considerable name for himself at home , finally attaining the scientific status he had yearned for as an ornithologist , on or off the field .
gould also made a considerable name for himself at home , finally [getting] the scientific status he had yearned for as an ornithologist , on or off the field .

The Banking Certificate , launched in 1986 , continues the long-established Institute tradition of providing every bank recruit with the means of attaining the highest professional status , regardless of entry qualifications .
the banking certificate , launched in 1986 , continues the long-established institute tradition of providing every bank recruit with the means of [getting] the highest professional status , regardless of entry qualifications .

The cash limits were intended to reduce the social cost of distortionary taxes elsewhere , to impose ‘ financial discipline ’ in the hope of attaining a performance that was closer to that which was cost-minimizing for any output , and to increase the bargaining power of management in wage negotiations .
the cash limits were intended to reduce the social cost of distortionary taxes elsewhere , to impose ‘ financial discipline ’ in the hope of [getting] a performance that was closer to that which was cost-minimizing for any output , and to increase the bargaining power of management in wage negotiations .

The doctrine , which may be concerned with national liberation , the emancipation of a class , the emancipation of women or some other general aim which is felt to be important by large numbers of people , has also to include or be founded upon a social theory which can elucidate the principal issues , clarify the objectives and ways of attaining them , and outline alternative forms of society .
the doctrine , which may be concerned with national liberation , the emancipation of a class , the emancipation of women or some other general aim which is felt to be important by large numbers of people , has also to include or be founded upon a social theory which can elucidate the principal issues , clarify the objectives and ways of [getting] them , and outline alternative forms of society .

How far debt finance reduces the capital stock inherited by future generations depends on the choice of taxes ; and the use of terms such as the ‘ burden of the debt ’ obscures the fact that debt policy is only one of a package of instruments for attaining a desirable intertemporal distribution .
how far debt finance reduces the capital stock inherited by future generations depends on the choice of taxes ; and the use of terms such as the ‘ burden of the debt ’ obscures the fact that debt policy is only one of a package of instruments for [getting] a desirable intertemporal distribution .

Using only a small sample of children , we ( Denvir and Brown , 1986 ) developed an oral and practical diagnostic assessment to assess ‘ low attaining ’ 7–9 year olds ' understanding of number .
using only a small sample of children , we ( denvir and brown , 1986 ) developed an oral and practical diagnostic assessment to assess ‘ low [getting] ’ 7–9 year olds ' understanding of number .

Deliberate ambiguity , paradox and complexity are all techniques used by artists to prevent discrimination attaining complete clarity , thereby stimulating a prolonged and engrossing period of heightened activity .
deliberate ambiguity , paradox and complexity are all techniques used by artists to prevent discrimination [getting] complete clarity , thereby stimulating a prolonged and engrossing period of heightened activity .

Architecture and art are areas in which disorder may be deliberately generated by creating forms and relationships that have no precedent for the express purpose of attaining a new , higher level of orderliness .
architecture and art are areas in which disorder may be deliberately generated by creating forms and relationships that have no precedent for the express purpose of [getting] a new , higher level of orderliness .

Consequently the two uses of the to infinitive arise from representing the extra-verbal support either as separated from the actualization of what the verb denotes by a lapse of time or as attaining the place in time where this actualization takes place .
consequently the two uses of the to infinitive arise from representing the extra-verbal support either as separated from the actualization of what the verb denotes by a lapse of time or as [getting] the place in time where this actualization takes place .

After studying the option , or take-note , Roe replied on the 19th July , from Liverpool , pointing out that only the moderate Royalty and the advanced price of copper ( this was around £80 per ton for metal ) could have reconciled him to such an " unprecedented manner of attaining a Mineral lease . "
after studying the option , or take-note , roe replied on the 19th july , from liverpool , pointing out that only the moderate royalty and the advanced price of copper ( this was around £80 per ton for metal ) could have reconciled him to such an " unprecedented manner of [getting] a mineral lease . "

It may be that you are not giving yourself enough challenge in the learning goals you set yourself , and that you are attaining them without any stretching of your ability .
it may be that you are not giving yourself enough challenge in the learning goals you set yourself , and that you are [getting] them without any stretching of your ability .

Most , however , had reached and even overshot their maturity ; they had become the elder statesmen of their breeds : exceptional , memorable examples of the extremes nature is capable of attaining .
most , however , had reached and even overshot their maturity ; they had become the elder statesmen of their breeds : exceptional , memorable examples of the extremes nature is capable of [getting] .

Keeping the organizational structure going becomes more important than attaining the initial goals of the movement .
keeping the organizational structure going becomes more important than [getting] the initial goals of the movement .

As it settles down and the chances of ever attaining the radical goals become ever more remote , members begin to shift their attention to the routine satisfactions of just ‘ being a member ’ .
as it settles down and the chances of ever [getting] the radical goals become ever more remote , members begin to shift their attention to the routine satisfactions of just ‘ being a member ’ .

Hitler was able to offer them a new mass base for the apparent consolidation of their leadership positions within the framework of an authoritarian system , together with the prospect of Germany attaining a position of hegemony within Europe and even world power status .
hitler was able to offer them a new mass base for the apparent consolidation of their leadership positions within the framework of an authoritarian system , together with the prospect of germany [getting] a position of hegemony within europe and even world power status .

Only when your approach to good health can be adapted to all your own requirements ( and your family 's requirements too if this is relevant ) , will you really succeed in attaining your goals .
only when your approach to good health can be adapted to all your own requirements ( and your family 's requirements too if this is relevant ) , will you really succeed in [getting] your goals .

Attaining maximum health involves much more than aiming for a low weight .
[getting] maximum health involves much more than aiming for a low weight .

In the case of contracts creating continuing or recurrent liabilities incident to the disposition or holding of property , such as a settlement or a leasehold tenancy , the infant , on attaining full age , becomes bound unless within a reasonable time he takes steps to repudiate liability .
in the case of contracts creating continuing or recurrent liabilities incident to the disposition or holding of property , such as a settlement or a leasehold tenancy , the infant , on [getting] full age , becomes bound unless within a reasonable time he takes steps to repudiate liability .

In all other cases — as , for instance , a sale of goods or a contract for services or a loan of money — the contract was voidable in the sense that the infant would not , on attaining full age , become liable unless he took steps to ratify it .
in all other cases — as , for instance , a sale of goods or a contract for services or a loan of money — the contract was voidable in the sense that the infant would not , on [getting] full age , become liable unless he took steps to ratify it .

Contracts for the loan of money and supply of goods to infants and ‘ accounts stated ’ with infants were made altogether void , while the possibility of ratification was taken away from all those contracts which required ratification to make them binding upon him after attaining full age ; and even a new promise to perform the contract , whether made upon a fresh consideration or not , could not be enforced by action .
contracts for the loan of money and supply of goods to infants and ‘ accounts stated ’ with infants were made altogether void , while the possibility of ratification was taken away from all those contracts which required ratification to make them binding upon him after [getting] full age ; and even a new promise to perform the contract , whether made upon a fresh consideration or not , could not be enforced by action .

On attaining majority , or within a reasonable time thereafter , an infant may ratify a contract which is otherwise unenforceable against him or voidable at his option , and he can do this by unilateral act .
on [getting] majority , or within a reasonable time thereafter , an infant may ratify a contract which is otherwise unenforceable against him or voidable at his option , and he can do this by unilateral act .

This was done upon the eldest son attaining the age of 21 years .
this was done upon the eldest son [getting] the age of 21 years .

Should a child die before attaining an absolutely vested interest , his interest passes on to those next entitled , that is to say , other children , a parent , brothers and sisters of the whole blood , a surviving spouse , or remoter relatives if there is no surviving spouse .
should a child die before [getting] an absolutely vested interest , his interest passes on to those next entitled , that is to say , other children , a parent , brothers and sisters of the whole blood , a surviving spouse , or remoter relatives if there is no surviving spouse .

This has not only created severe problems for the national parliaments , who are finding the huge quantity of legislation difficult to scrutinise , it also represents a seepage of power to Brussels , since the best way of attaining power is simply to grab it , whether or not you have a mandate .
this has not only created severe problems for the national parliaments , who are finding the huge quantity of legislation difficult to scrutinise , it also represents a seepage of power to brussels , since the best way of [getting] power is simply to grab it , whether or not you have a mandate .

Task achievement : attaining objectives , planning the work , allocating resources and monitoring progress .
task achievement : [getting] objectives , planning the work , allocating resources and monitoring progress .

Philosophy , at 70 per cent , was significant ; but he barely squeezed by in Latin , taking a refusal at his second attempt and attaining a mere ‘ pass ’ at the repeat stage ( thanks , no doubt , to his past opting out , which necessitated his taking Latin from scratch at university ) .
philosophy , at 70 per cent , was significant ; but he barely squeezed by in latin , taking a refusal at his second attempt and [getting] a mere ‘ pass ’ at the repeat stage ( thanks , no doubt , to his past opting out , which necessitated his taking latin from scratch at university ) .

On attaining manhood this was formally exchanged for the toga virilis or pura , a white garment .
on [getting] manhood this was formally exchanged for the toga virilis or pura , a white garment .

Moreover , many of the more able pupils were leaking out of the system : even of the most able 10 per cent , two out of five had left before attaining their sixteenth birthday .
moreover , many of the more able pupils were leaking out of the system : even of the most able 10 per cent , two out of five had left before [getting] their sixteenth birthday .

They were disliked by those whose ideal was a more flexible school , even if they were unclear about the means of attaining it , and that dislike extended to arrangements which classified children by ability , placing he more and the less able in separate streams .
they were disliked by those whose ideal was a more flexible school , even if they were unclear about the means of [getting] it , and that dislike extended to arrangements which classified children by ability , placing he more and the less able in separate streams .

Indeed , for many the very idea of attaining a political focus has been discarded in favour of a celebration of fragmentation .
indeed , for many the very idea of [getting] a political focus has been discarded in favour of a celebration of fragmentation .

The All Blacks are searching for perfection on the pitch and the physical strength and skill of their forwards leaves you with the sense that they are not far from attaining that dream .
the all blacks are searching for perfection on the pitch and the physical strength and skill of their forwards leaves you with the sense that they are not far from [getting] that dream .

He was the man who had started the race for thermonuclear superiority or , if you looked at it another way , prevented America from attaining such superiority .
he was the man who had started the race for thermonuclear superiority or , if you looked at it another way , prevented america from [getting] such superiority .

Perinatal statistics were equally lamentable : out of every 1,000 live births in 1840 , 154 infants died before attaining their first year .
perinatal statistics were equally lamentable : out of every 1,000 live births in 1840 , 154 infants died before [getting] their first year .

One aspect of this fear was the way in which the new notion of female impurity rapidly made inroads into the popular imagination , with the result that women came to be seen as a constant stumbling block to man 's improvement , a blight on the possibility of his attaining the now required ( i.e .
one aspect of this fear was the way in which the new notion of female impurity rapidly made inroads into the popular imagination , with the result that women came to be seen as a constant stumbling block to man 's improvement , a blight on the possibility of his [getting] the now required ( i.e .

Accordingly , he predicts the ‘ ideal postmodernist novel will somehow rise above the quarrel between realism and irrealism ’ , attaining a new synthesis which might no longer need much commentary ( Barth 1984 : 129 , 203 ) .
accordingly , he predicts the ‘ ideal postmodernist novel will somehow rise above the quarrel between realism and irrealism ’ , [getting] a new synthesis which might no longer need much commentary ( barth 1984 : 129 , 203 ) .

This must be the sort of writing that Crane had in mind when he applauded Williams ( still rather grudgingly , however ) for sometimes attaining ‘ the classic manner of the old Chinese poets ’ .
this must be the sort of writing that crane had in mind when he applauded williams ( still rather grudgingly , however ) for sometimes [getting] ‘ the classic manner of the old chinese poets ’ .

On attaining the summit , it 's a bit of a shock to see how far down the ridge drops round the lip of the corrie before climbing back up to Aonach Beag , but it snakes invitingly away to the east , presenting an irresistible walkway into untamed terrain .
on [getting] the summit , it 's a bit of a shock to see how far down the ridge drops round the lip of the corrie before climbing back up to aonach beag , but it snakes invitingly away to the east , presenting an irresistible walkway into untamed terrain .

Goals that really help in attaining our purposes are :
goals that really help in [getting] our purposes are :

Because everyone realises that all research is flawed , not attaining a quota of bon mots might be construed as a sign of inexpertise or even worse , weakness , Then , too , there are those who believe that catcalls truly pass for constructive criticism .
because everyone realises that all research is flawed , not [getting] a quota of bon mots might be construed as a sign of inexpertise or even worse , weakness , then , too , there are those who believe that catcalls truly pass for constructive criticism .

These crises he showed to be caused by a general lack of planning ( ‘ anarchy ’ ) of the capitalist methods of production , by the impossibility of attaining correct proportions between the various elements of the process of reproduction under capitalism , especially between production and consumption .
these crises he showed to be caused by a general lack of planning ( ‘ anarchy ’ ) of the capitalist methods of production , by the impossibility of [getting] correct proportions between the various elements of the process of reproduction under capitalism , especially between production and consumption .

These crises he showed to be caused by a general lack of planning ( anarchy ) of the capitalist methods of production , by the impossibility of attaining correct proportions between elements of the process of reproduction under capitalism , especially between production and consumption … he showed the cause to be the incapability of capitalism to maintain an equilibrium among the various elements of production .
these crises he showed to be caused by a general lack of planning ( anarchy ) of the capitalist methods of production , by the impossibility of [getting] correct proportions between elements of the process of reproduction under capitalism , especially between production and consumption … he showed the cause to be the incapability of capitalism to maintain an equilibrium among the various elements of production .

In order to achieve the First Five-Year Plan , figures worked out at that moment estimated that the manpower necessary for attaining the production goals at 4.1 million workers and employees ( i.e .
in order to achieve the first five-year plan , figures worked out at that moment estimated that the manpower necessary for [getting] the production goals at 4.1 million workers and employees ( i.e .

The manufacturer producing fewer than 5000 cars a year whose efforts have been most impressive in attaining new or on-going progress
the manufacturer producing fewer than 5000 cars a year whose efforts have been most impressive in [getting] new or on-going progress

The maker producing 5000 to 600,000 cars a year whose efforts have been the most impressive in attaining new or maintaining ongoing success
the maker producing 5000 to 600,000 cars a year whose efforts have been the most impressive in [getting] new or maintaining ongoing success

The manufacturer producing more than 600,000 cars a year whose efforts have been the most impressive in attaining new or maintaining on-going success
the manufacturer producing more than 600,000 cars a year whose efforts have been the most impressive in [getting] new or maintaining on-going success

Scott Cunningham has developed the practice of magical aromatherapy , where he uses these natural aromas for effects such as stimulation of the mind , protection , purification and psychic awareness , thereby attaining what might be called magical states of consciousness .
scott cunningham has developed the practice of magical aromatherapy , where he uses these natural aromas for effects such as stimulation of the mind , protection , purification and psychic awareness , thereby [getting] what might be called magical states of consciousness .

It is then up to the clinical teacher to check the effectiveness of her own work by watching the students ' progress in attaining a high standard of nursing care .
it is then up to the clinical teacher to check the effectiveness of her own work by watching the students ' progress in [getting] a high standard of nursing care .

Donald retired first at the age of 56 , after attaining the maximum pensionable service with an insurance company , but then took another job , with less responsibility , as book-keeper for a local garage .
donald retired first at the age of 56 , after [getting] the maximum pensionable service with an insurance company , but then took another job , with less responsibility , as book-keeper for a local garage .

The therapist helps to set goals and suggests means of attaining them , but tries whenever possible to put responsibility on the patient .
the therapist helps to set goals and suggests means of [getting] them , but tries whenever possible to put responsibility on the patient .

Overall , parents of only children are quite successful in attaining these child-rearing goals .
overall , parents of only children are quite successful in [getting] these child-rearing goals .

As I noted in Chapter 4 , pleasurable , rewarding play depends on attaining intersubjectivity , or shared understanding .
as i noted in chapter 4 , pleasurable , rewarding play depends on [getting] intersubjectivity , or shared understanding .

They must desire genuine communication and work toward attaining it .
they must desire genuine communication and work toward [getting] it .

Gradually , the child takes increasing responsibility for attaining intersubjectivity , until both parties make similar contributions to the shared mental state that fuels children ’ s learning in the “ zone. ” 19 Let ’ s see how , with adult support , the child ’ s intersubjective competence increases .
gradually , the child takes increasing responsibility for [getting] intersubjectivity , until both parties make similar contributions to the shared mental state that fuels children ’ s learning in the “ zone. ” 19 let ’ s see how , with adult support , the child ’ s intersubjective competence increases .

Spoken language brings vastly expanded potential for attaining intersubjectivity because it allows much greater clariﬁcation of purpose between participants in a dialogue .
spoken language brings vastly expanded potential for [getting] intersubjectivity because it allows much greater clariﬁcation of purpose between participants in a dialogue .

For example , in the following conversation , notice how 4-year-old Sammy assists his friend , Leah , in attaining intersubjectivity :
for example , in the following conversation , notice how 4-year-old sammy assists his friend , leah , in [getting] intersubjectivity :

Children who are good listeners , persistent in the face of diculty , socially skilled , and therefore adept at attaining intersubjectivity need less adult vigilance and direction .
children who are good listeners , persistent in the face of diculty , socially skilled , and therefore adept at [getting] intersubjectivity need less adult vigilance and direction .

Attaining a Subtle Grasp of Mental Life .
[getting] a subtle grasp of mental life .

Children who spent the waiting period in a wish-fulﬁllment mode , thinking about what it would be like to eat those tasty marshmallows , were far less likely to wait patiently and successfully than children who turned their attention away from the treats and thought about other things.7 In this situation and others , being caught up in fantasized wish fulﬁllment interferes with attaining larger , more rewarding outcomes in real life—ones that would have been realized had the child been able to exercise imaginative self-restraint .
children who spent the waiting period in a wish-fulﬁllment mode , thinking about what it would be like to eat those tasty marshmallows , were far less likely to wait patiently and successfully than children who turned their attention away from the treats and thought about other things.7 in this situation and others , being caught up in fantasized wish fulﬁllment interferes with [getting] larger , more rewarding outcomes in real life—ones that would have been realized had the child been able to exercise imaginative self-restraint .

Attaining those goals requires more intermediate steps and greater knowledge , skill , and coordination of play actions with those of others—in T-ball and kickball , scoring more runs than the other team while adhering to fair procedures for batting , pitching , and ﬁelding ; in chess , moving each type of piece according to its special rule in an effort to checkmate the opposing king .
[getting] those goals requires more intermediate steps and greater knowledge , skill , and coordination of play actions with those of others—in t-ball and kickball , scoring more runs than the other team while adhering to fair procedures for batting , pitching , and ﬁelding ; in chess , moving each type of piece according to its special rule in an effort to checkmate the opposing king .

Joint make-believe can be an effective strategy for attaining a social goal .
joint make-believe can be an effective strategy for [getting] a social goal .

The 15th is also Coming-of-Age Day nationwide , a milestone event for 20-year-olds attaining the age of majority .
the 15th is also coming-of-age day nationwide , a milestone event for 20-year-olds [getting] the age of majority .

Construction on the mosque was begun in 786 , but it was enlarged three times before attaining its present size in 987 .
construction on the mosque was begun in 786 , but it was enlarged three times before [getting] its present size in 987 .

They have recognized that without clear , hierarchically linked performance measures , managers and staff throughout the organization will lack straightforward roadmaps showing how their daily activities can contribute to attaining organizationwide strategic goals and mission .
they have recognized that without clear , hierarchically linked performance measures , managers and staff throughout the organization will lack straightforward roadmaps showing how their daily activities can contribute to [getting] organizationwide strategic goals and mission .

Through strategic planning , NOAA evaluated how best to accomplish its mission and then put into place those performance measures essential to demonstrating the extent to which it was attaining its desired outcomes .
through strategic planning , noaa evaluated how best to accomplish its mission and then put into place those performance measures essential to demonstrating the extent to which it was [getting] its desired outcomes .

Under the life-cycle model , people save to accumulate assets to finance future consumption , and attaining their wealth-to-income target depends in part on the rate of return anticipated .
under the life-cycle model , people save to accumulate assets to finance future consumption , and [getting] their wealth-to-income target depends in part on the rate of return anticipated .

Funding allocations reflect the high priority that programs place on aggressive discrimination-based advocacy and attaining diversity goals .
funding allocations reflect the high priority that programs place on aggressive discrimination-based advocacy and [getting] diversity goals .

The following identifies some of the lessons that can be gleaned from observing states that have made significant progress toward building state justice communities and attaining the goal of equal justice .
the following identifies some of the lessons that can be gleaned from observing states that have made significant progress toward building state justice communities and [getting] the goal of equal justice .

The Administrator , in consultation with the Secretary of Energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .
the administrator , in consultation with the secretary of energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected egus and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected egus ; and the feasibility of [getting] the limitations and any alternative limitations .

Based on these findings , EPA and others estimate that attaining the fine particle standards would avoid thousands , and up to tens of thousands , of premature deaths annually .
based on these findings , epa and others estimate that [getting] the fine particle standards would avoid thousands , and up to tens of thousands , of premature deaths annually .

Evidence that they and nonmigrant minorities experience inequities in attaining quality health care is abundant [ 5 ] .
evidence that they and nonmigrant minorities experience inequities in [getting] quality health care is abundant [ 5 ] .

Ethnic diversity is only one element in a range of factors a university properly may consider in attaining the goal of a heterogeneous student body .
ethnic diversity is only one element in a range of factors a university properly may consider in [getting] the goal of a heterogeneous student body .

The first thing a fellow notices after attaining vendor status is that it is harder to get paid in a timely fashion .
the first thing a fellow notices after [getting] vendor status is that it is harder to get paid in a timely fashion .

I imagine that only after attaining the level of being fully known can one then reach for the low rung of underhyped .
i imagine that only after [getting] the level of being fully known can one then reach for the low rung of underhyped .

