However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced .
however , biblical scholars frequently [confirmed] to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced .

On the contrary , even in the heart of `` the Bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world .
on the contrary , even in the heart of `` the bible belt '' itself , as can be [confirmed] by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world .

Impressive as this enumeration is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews , collectively or individually , that have been attested by their Gentile environment .
impressive as this enumeration is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of jews , collectively or individually , that have been [confirmed] by their gentile environment .

The flowers on his grave attested to the fact that he as well was somebody's hero .
the flowers on his grave [confirmed] to the fact that he as well was somebody's hero .

( locally attested )
( locally [confirmed] )

It has been observed that in Berkshire , topographical names , particularly those referring to water are the most common Old English names in areas where early Anglo-Saxon settlement has been attested archaeologically .
it has been observed that in berkshire , topographical names , particularly those referring to water are the most common old english names in areas where early anglo-saxon settlement has been [confirmed] archaeologically .

Both the tools used in its manufacture , such as combs , beaters and loom-weights , and the finished products are well attested from both cemeteries and settlements .
both the tools used in its manufacture , such as combs , beaters and loom-weights , and the finished products are well [confirmed] from both cemeteries and settlements .

What does emerge beyond dispute is the primacy of large-scale cloth making as the great national industry and by far the most important export , leaving the rest more or less nowhere , as attested by the massive wealth of many clothiers and the prosperity — albeit a brittle one — of the workers in the major textile districts : high earnings in Suffolk and Gloucestershire at least resulting in a disposable surplus of income which not infrequently enabled artificers to accumulate sufficient goods for assessment , in contrast to agricultural labourers , who seldom had anything but their wages to be taxed on .
what does emerge beyond dispute is the primacy of large-scale cloth making as the great national industry and by far the most important export , leaving the rest more or less nowhere , as [confirmed] by the massive wealth of many clothiers and the prosperity — albeit a brittle one — of the workers in the major textile districts : high earnings in suffolk and gloucestershire at least resulting in a disposable surplus of income which not infrequently enabled artificers to accumulate sufficient goods for assessment , in contrast to agricultural labourers , who seldom had anything but their wages to be taxed on .

Its economic importance is attested by the provision in the subsidy act for the assessment of income from customary land , conceivably in the light of knowledge gleaned from the preceding survey .
its economic importance is [confirmed] by the provision in the subsidy act for the assessment of income from customary land , conceivably in the light of knowledge gleaned from the preceding survey .

An indication that the acceptability of the concept of headhunting has made great progress among employers in Britain is the fact that many of the respondents attested to search consultants ' knowledge of the executive market place , gained over a number of years , and their expertise in certain specialised sectors .
an indication that the acceptability of the concept of headhunting has made great progress among employers in britain is the fact that many of the respondents [confirmed] to search consultants ' knowledge of the executive market place , gained over a number of years , and their expertise in certain specialised sectors .

The persuasiveness of this judgment is widely attested ; but before we can gauge its force , we must consider the grounds for standing by this form of individualism .
the persuasiveness of this judgment is widely [confirmed] ; but before we can gauge its force , we must consider the grounds for standing by this form of individualism .

The Institute 's response concedes that in some matters compliance will be easily attested , but on others it may be difficult , if not impossible , for the auditor to form an opinion .
the institute 's response concedes that in some matters compliance will be easily [confirmed] , but on others it may be difficult , if not impossible , for the auditor to form an opinion .

Surrounded as we are by solutions of all kinds , each one supported by persuasive evidence of attested success , we can not but be tempted into the belief that somewhere among them there will be one which matches our particular teaching problem and which can therefore be slotted into our situation like a cassette or a computer programme .
surrounded as we are by solutions of all kinds , each one supported by persuasive evidence of [confirmed] success , we can not but be tempted into the belief that somewhere among them there will be one which matches our particular teaching problem and which can therefore be slotted into our situation like a cassette or a computer programme .

Examples have been widely attested of learners who exhibit correct performance on certain forms , and then lapse into deviance later on .
examples have been widely [confirmed] of learners who exhibit correct performance on certain forms , and then lapse into deviance later on .

The dangers of disregarding , by ignorance or design , the essentially conditional nature of abstract models and of making data fit into preconceived categories are well attested in the theoretical domain .
the dangers of disregarding , by ignorance or design , the essentially conditional nature of abstract models and of making data fit into preconceived categories are well [confirmed] in the theoretical domain .

The dangers are no less apparent in the practical domain : they are attested in countless classrooms where teaching is confined to the transmission of textbook material rather than its exploitation for the negotiation of appropriate activities for learning .
the dangers are no less apparent in the practical domain : they are [confirmed] in countless classrooms where teaching is confined to the transmission of textbook material rather than its exploitation for the negotiation of appropriate activities for learning .

Moreover , the specification of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently attested .
moreover , the specification of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently [confirmed] .

What Sinclair is saying is that type descriptions of language knowledge based on intuitive impression and not grounded in actually attested data do not provide an adequate source of reference for language teaching .
what sinclair is saying is that type descriptions of language knowledge based on intuitive impression and not grounded in actually [confirmed] data do not provide an adequate source of reference for language teaching .

It may be that this relexicalized version has not been actually attested and , may never occur in the future but it acquires normality because it is relatively easy to conceive of a context for it .
it may be that this relexicalized version has not been actually [confirmed] and , may never occur in the future but it acquires normality because it is relatively easy to conceive of a context for it .

For the moment we need to notice that if normality is to be defined not in terms of contextual plausibility but in terms of frequency of attested occurrence , then in principle the teacher , selecting language by this criterion , would be confined to a presentation of expressions which realized a particular combination of syntactic elements with particular lexical items .
for the moment we need to notice that if normality is to be defined not in terms of contextual plausibility but in terms of frequency of [confirmed] occurrence , then in principle the teacher , selecting language by this criterion , would be confined to a presentation of expressions which realized a particular combination of syntactic elements with particular lexical items .

And the fact that addiction remains after withdrawal has ended — a fact attested to at Alcoholics Anonymous every day — suggests there is a more general problem to look at .
and the fact that addiction remains after withdrawal has ended — a fact [confirmed] to at alcoholics anonymous every day — suggests there is a more general problem to look at .

Viars ' record 24-point haul attested to their domination and the wing 's superb form .
viars ' record 24-point haul [confirmed] to their domination and the wing 's superb form .

He was convinced that , in the words of the Barmen Declaration which he with others drafted in May 1934 in opposition to the German Christians , ‘ Jesus Christ as he is attested to us in Holy Scripture is the one Word of God , which we have to hear , and which we have to trust and obey in life and in death .
he was convinced that , in the words of the barmen declaration which he with others drafted in may 1934 in opposition to the german christians , ‘ jesus christ as he is [confirmed] to us in holy scripture is the one word of god , which we have to hear , and which we have to trust and obey in life and in death .

That Johnson had so much social significance as a black man challenging white oppression , albeit in a symbolic way , was attested to by the scenes following his dismissal of Burns and after his defence against the revered bastion of white pride , Jim Jeffries .
that johnson had so much social significance as a black man challenging white oppression , albeit in a symbolic way , was [confirmed] to by the scenes following his dismissal of burns and after his defence against the revered bastion of white pride , jim jeffries .

For example , foot , took , shook , look have all been attested as alternating between [ ? ]
for example , foot , took , shook , look have all been [confirmed] as alternating between [ ? ]

At the Middle English stage , the description of divergence is still very salient ( partly because the states attested in writing are unquestionably divergent states ) , but we also begin to notice attempts to launder the data retrospectively in such a way as to focus on those features that lead to modern ‘ standard ’ English and to ignore , reject or explain away those features that deviate from it .
at the middle english stage , the description of divergence is still very salient ( partly because the states [confirmed] in writing are unquestionably divergent states ) , but we also begin to notice attempts to launder the data retrospectively in such a way as to focus on those features that lead to modern ‘ standard ’ english and to ignore , reject or explain away those features that deviate from it .

The present-day sociolinguist , however , who is observing and exploring a ‘ new ’ language situation is in a close-up position ; he or she can observe the phenomena at successively finer levels of detail and thus reveal fine-grained patterns that are not accessible in historically attested states .
the present-day sociolinguist , however , who is observing and exploring a ‘ new ’ language situation is in a close-up position ; he or she can observe the phenomena at successively finer levels of detail and thus reveal fine-grained patterns that are not accessible in historically [confirmed] states .

The Belfast /a/ system varies considerably in terms of length , height , backness , rounding and diphthongization , and shows variation to a degree not attested in standard accounts of English phonology : if we include pre-velar items ( as in table 4.2 ) , the range ( in place of articulation ) is from mid-front to low-mid back .
the belfast /a/ system varies considerably in terms of length , height , backness , rounding and diphthongization , and shows variation to a degree not [confirmed] in standard accounts of english phonology : if we include pre-velar items ( as in table 4.2 ) , the range ( in place of articulation ) is from mid-front to low-mid back .

Essentially , any attested forms that can be characterized as ‘ vulgar ’ or ‘ dialectal ’ are rejected , much as the apocryphal books of the Bible are rejected .
essentially , any [confirmed] forms that can be characterized as ‘ vulgar ’ or ‘ dialectal ’ are rejected , much as the apocryphal books of the bible are rejected .

In present-day Belfast , however , we have attested no cases of raising after /g/ or before /r/ .
in present-day belfast , however , we have [confirmed] no cases of raising after /g/ or before /r/ .

And if you are ever going to see one of the genuine though attested rarities among the local fauna , a bear , a lynx , or an eagle , the Park is the only place you might do so , though there are thought to be fewer than twenty bears still living in the Pyrenees , and only eight pairs of eagles .
and if you are ever going to see one of the genuine though [confirmed] rarities among the local fauna , a bear , a lynx , or an eagle , the park is the only place you might do so , though there are thought to be fewer than twenty bears still living in the pyrenees , and only eight pairs of eagles .

Over the centuries these Greeks and Karians intermarried with the natives , so that in hellenistic times people called ‘ Karomemphites ’ and ‘ Hellenomemphites ’ , obvious results of miscegenation , are attested in Memphis .
over the centuries these greeks and karians intermarried with the natives , so that in hellenistic times people called ‘ karomemphites ’ and ‘ hellenomemphites ’ , obvious results of miscegenation , are [confirmed] in memphis .

The phrase quoted is hardly attested elsewhere except as a fourth-century and hellenistic Asia Minor formula , used by the cities under the Persian and Seleucid kings and satraps .
the phrase quoted is hardly [confirmed] elsewhere except as a fourth-century and hellenistic asia minor formula , used by the cities under the persian and seleucid kings and satraps .

6000 , not of a male population in 431 of about 40,000 , could he accommodated on the Pnyx , the open-air meeting-place , and that total was regularly reached in the fourth century , as we know from the very many attested grants of citizenship , for which a quorum of 6000 was required .
6000 , not of a male population in 431 of about 40,000 , could he accommodated on the pnyx , the open-air meeting-place , and that total was regularly reached in the fourth century , as we know from the very many [confirmed] grants of citizenship , for which a quorum of 6000 was required .

In the developed democracy there was pay for attending the Council , but ironically it is not attested before Thucydides ' account of how the oligarchs of 411 ( temporarily ) brought it to an end ( viii.69 ) .
in the developed democracy there was pay for attending the council , but ironically it is not [confirmed] before thucydides ' account of how the oligarchs of 411 ( temporarily ) brought it to an end ( viii.69 ) .

Will — Attestation — Testator 's signature — Testator writing name on will before setting out dispositive provisions — Will attested by two witnesses — Whether ‘ signed ’ by testator — Whether will validly executed — Whether testator having testamentary capacity — Wills Act 1837 ( 7 Will . 4 & 1 Vict. c. 26 ) , s. 9(a) ( b ) ( as substituted by Administration of Justice Act 1982 ( c. 53 ) , s. 17 )
will — attestation — testator 's signature — testator writing name on will before setting out dispositive provisions — will [confirmed] by two witnesses — whether ‘ signed ’ by testator — whether will validly executed — whether testator having testamentary capacity — wills act 1837 ( 7 will . 4 & 1 vict. c. 26 ) , s. 9(a) ( b ) ( as substituted by administration of justice act 1982 ( c. 53 ) , s. 17 )

The broad guiding principle , attested by many authorities , is that one looks to see what the taxpayer has done to earn the profit in question .
the broad guiding principle , [confirmed] by many authorities , is that one looks to see what the taxpayer has done to earn the profit in question .

Fath Ali Shah artillery , warriors from the Caspian or the Persian Gulf , the Air Force , the new Women 's contingents of the armed forces … all were there at Persepolis ; all attested to Iran 's glories , past and present .
fath ali shah artillery , warriors from the caspian or the persian gulf , the air force , the new women 's contingents of the armed forces … all were there at persepolis ; all [confirmed] to iran 's glories , past and present .

There is an ancient variant in the Lucan version of the Lord 's Prayer , which is attested as early as Marcion in the second century and reads , ‘ May thy Holy Spirit come upon us and cleanse us , ’ instead of , ‘ Thy kingdom come .
there is an ancient variant in the lucan version of the lord 's prayer , which is [confirmed] as early as marcion in the second century and reads , ‘ may thy holy spirit come upon us and cleanse us , ’ instead of , ‘ thy kingdom come .

The deceased 's solicitor , Eustace Tolby , attested that Newley was on the verge of instituting divorce proceedings against his wife .
the deceased 's solicitor , eustace tolby , [confirmed] that newley was on the verge of instituting divorce proceedings against his wife .

When you have done this you will need to get your application attested ( that is , countersigned ) by a person :
when you have done this you will need to get your application [confirmed] ( that is , countersigned ) by a person :

who has not attested any other application for an absent vote at that election .
who has not [confirmed] any other application for an absent vote at that election .

If your application is made because you are ill or are likely to be ill on polling day you can have your application attested by a doctor , a suitably qualified nurse ( first level nurse trained in general nursing ) or a Christian Science practitioner .
if your application is made because you are ill or are likely to be ill on polling day you can have your application [confirmed] by a doctor , a suitably qualified nurse ( first level nurse trained in general nursing ) or a christian science practitioner .

Baynton 's religious leanings were attested first in 1532 , in a friendly correspondence with Hugh Latimer [ q.v . ]
baynton 's religious leanings were [confirmed] first in 1532 , in a friendly correspondence with hugh latimer [ q.v . ]

Faced by a prosecution concerned primarily with political advancement , confronted by intimidated witnesses who produced no convincing evidence , and his guilt attested by a jury of eleven Campbells and four others , James Stewart was sentenced to hang at Ballachulish ferry on 8 November 1752 .
faced by a prosecution concerned primarily with political advancement , confronted by intimidated witnesses who produced no convincing evidence , and his guilt [confirmed] by a jury of eleven campbells and four others , james stewart was sentenced to hang at ballachulish ferry on 8 november 1752 .

The comparatively recent date at which water flowed in these wadis is attested by the presence in some of the oases of fish from tropical Africa , while Pleistocene beds in the Atlas have a fauna which has been called a Zambezi fauna .
the comparatively recent date at which water flowed in these wadis is [confirmed] by the presence in some of the oases of fish from tropical africa , while pleistocene beds in the atlas have a fauna which has been called a zambezi fauna .

These do require a certain degree of inference , but it is clear that under some conditions such remains can suggest the name of a sponsor , the reason for sponsorship , and the presence of a respected craftsmen or group of craftsmen At Avenches — and probably at Bavay — in France , and at Seriana and Timgad in North Africa , the names of individual craftsmen are attested ( although , as is shown by the inscription from Timgad , even differing ideas of the practice in which the craftsman was involved are apparent ) .
these do require a certain degree of inference , but it is clear that under some conditions such remains can suggest the name of a sponsor , the reason for sponsorship , and the presence of a respected craftsmen or group of craftsmen at avenches — and probably at bavay — in france , and at seriana and timgad in north africa , the names of individual craftsmen are [confirmed] ( although , as is shown by the inscription from timgad , even differing ideas of the practice in which the craftsman was involved are apparent ) .

in Leicester , and also in Verulamium ) , but these were small scale affairs , with at most four attested products and little indication of any more widespread organisational significance .
in leicester , and also in verulamium ) , but these were small scale affairs , with at most four [confirmed] products and little indication of any more widespread organisational significance .

Remember that whenever either a conveyance , lease or transfer defines the land by reference to a plan attached to the document , the plan must be signed ( sealed and attested by director and secretary in the case of a company ) by all parties — except that the conveyancer for buyers can sign on their behalf if they state the capacity in which they sign it : `` solicitor for the transferee . ``
remember that whenever either a conveyance , lease or transfer defines the land by reference to a plan attached to the document , the plan must be signed ( sealed and [confirmed] by director and secretary in the case of a company ) by all parties — except that the conveyancer for buyers can sign on their behalf if they state the capacity in which they sign it : `` solicitor for the transferee . ``

As attested by the now considerable literature on museology , debates concerning strategies of display and the production of history have as much to do with empowerment outside as inside the museum .
as [confirmed] by the now considerable literature on museology , debates concerning strategies of display and the production of history have as much to do with empowerment outside as inside the museum .

The perfection of this design is attested by the fact that species belonging to quite different families of fish have adopted it and thus bear a strong resemblance to one another .
the perfection of this design is [confirmed] by the fact that species belonging to quite different families of fish have adopted it and thus bear a strong resemblance to one another .

Such an ideal , he believed , could be imparted and maintained by a public system of education … Matthew Arnold 's great achievement was that he convinced the younger generation among his readers of the necessity for providing throughout England an abundant supply of public secondary schools for boys and girls , schools which would be intellectually competent , attested by public inspection , and aided both by local authorities and the state .
such an ideal , he believed , could be imparted and maintained by a public system of education … matthew arnold 's great achievement was that he convinced the younger generation among his readers of the necessity for providing throughout england an abundant supply of public secondary schools for boys and girls , schools which would be intellectually competent , [confirmed] by public inspection , and aided both by local authorities and the state .

Royal tombs , complete with carved wooden furniture , embroidered fabrics , precious ornaments , which have survived because they were protected by tumuli , introduce the theme of Viking paganism , attested by amulets , Valkyrie statuettes and a Swedish funerary stela .
royal tombs , complete with carved wooden furniture , embroidered fabrics , precious ornaments , which have survived because they were protected by tumuli , introduce the theme of viking paganism , [confirmed] by amulets , valkyrie statuettes and a swedish funerary stela .

Naturally the creation of any company requires a written contract ( in the case of a limited company : ‘ statutes ’ ) signed by all members and attested by a practising attorney .
naturally the creation of any company requires a written contract ( in the case of a limited company : ‘ statutes ’ ) signed by all members and [confirmed] by a practising attorney .

But the interpenetration of mathematics and magic in the school is well attested ; Dodds , for example , sees Pythagoreanism partly as ‘ a development of shamanism and partly as a development of number mysticism and the speculations about cosmic harmony ’ .
but the interpenetration of mathematics and magic in the school is well [confirmed] ; dodds , for example , sees pythagoreanism partly as ‘ a development of shamanism and partly as a development of number mysticism and the speculations about cosmic harmony ’ .

This is attested to by Moretti , a key Reagan opponent in Californian politics , yet one who came to realize that , despite his failings , the governor also had some strengths .
this is [confirmed] to by moretti , a key reagan opponent in californian politics , yet one who came to realize that , despite his failings , the governor also had some strengths .

Without the protection of a properly sealed and attested charter , their struggles might prove vain , since it was in nobody 's interest but their own that their moment of victory should be prolonged .
without the protection of a properly sealed and [confirmed] charter , their struggles might prove vain , since it was in nobody 's interest but their own that their moment of victory should be prolonged .

Louis had another method of attracting the devotion of those to whom abstract hierarchies were mere nonsense : he touched for scrofula , as Guibert of Nogent attested in a work written before 1124 .
louis had another method of attracting the devotion of those to whom abstract hierarchies were mere nonsense : he touched for scrofula , as guibert of nogent [confirmed] in a work written before 1124 .

In the example above , it is entirely probable that , `` field `` , is a more general term that includes `` vineyard ’ — as is amply attested by Judg 9.27 , `` they went out into the field and harvested their vineyards `` .
in the example above , it is entirely probable that , `` field `` , is a more general term that includes `` vineyard ’ — as is amply [confirmed] by judg 9.27 , `` they went out into the field and harvested their vineyards `` .

The only difference is that fixed pairs are attested more often than non-fixed pairs . ``
the only difference is that fixed pairs are [confirmed] more often than non-fixed pairs . ``

Candidates must be graduates , normally with a good first degree , and having either considerable professional experience of translation or of another relevant professional field , or attested research interests in translation .
candidates must be graduates , normally with a good first degree , and having either considerable professional experience of translation or of another relevant professional field , or [confirmed] research interests in translation .

It was a schizophrenic view , as he was depicted by cartoonists as a buffoon , a cringing halfwit with cap constantly in hand , but the balloons , the sandbags , the innumerable air-raid shelters attested to the underlying fear .
it was a schizophrenic view , as he was depicted by cartoonists as a buffoon , a cringing halfwit with cap constantly in hand , but the balloons , the sandbags , the innumerable air-raid shelters [confirmed] to the underlying fear .

The fact/belief divide is powerfully at work today as for example the debate on the original National Curriculum proposals with regard to the teaching of history and geography has amply attested .
the fact/belief divide is powerfully at work today as for example the debate on the original national curriculum proposals with regard to the teaching of history and geography has amply [confirmed] .

Faramund , who is later said to have been Chlodio 's father , is not attested in any early source .
faramund , who is later said to have been chlodio 's father , is not [confirmed] in any early source .

Its administrative importance is certainly attested for the sixth century , and it probably continued , although evidence is almost non-existent for the later period .
its administrative importance is certainly [confirmed] for the sixth century , and it probably continued , although evidence is almost non-existent for the later period .

The power of the sacrament is attested to not just by stories of miracles in which the devout see Christ himself present in the Host , but in terms of inward experience `` wherof we haue knowynge onely by beleue with ynneforthe `` [ ynneforthe : inwardly ] and the meditation ends with a prayer for the experience of the healing presence of Christ : Such cultivation of an inner experience of the reality of Christ 's being by means of affective meditation on his life is a discipline taken for granted in the writings of all the mystics to be discussed , despite their differences in emphasis .
the power of the sacrament is [confirmed] to not just by stories of miracles in which the devout see christ himself present in the host , but in terms of inward experience `` wherof we haue knowynge onely by beleue with ynneforthe `` [ ynneforthe : inwardly ] and the meditation ends with a prayer for the experience of the healing presence of christ : such cultivation of an inner experience of the reality of christ 's being by means of affective meditation on his life is a discipline taken for granted in the writings of all the mystics to be discussed , despite their differences in emphasis .

The best attested case is the temple complex west of the mansio at Godmanchester , though comparable examples may exist at Chelmsford and Water Newton .
the best [confirmed] case is the temple complex west of the mansio at godmanchester , though comparable examples may exist at chelmsford and water newton .

Both trends are well attested at Water Newton , especially in the Kate 's Cabin suburb , as well as at Ilchester and at Bath , where the appearance of mosaics might indicate some level of intramural concentration of wealth .
both trends are well [confirmed] at water newton , especially in the kate 's cabin suburb , as well as at ilchester and at bath , where the appearance of mosaics might indicate some level of intramural concentration of wealth .

One class of administrator , the magister , is attested from the vicus outside the fort at Old Carlisle , on an altar dedicated by the vikanorum magistri .
one class of administrator , the magister , is [confirmed] from the vicus outside the fort at old carlisle , on an altar dedicated by the vikanorum magistri .

Other communities of vici acting as corporate bodies are attested by inscriptions from Housesteads , Chesterholm and even as far north as Carriden on the Antonine Wall .
other communities of vici acting as corporate bodies are [confirmed] by inscriptions from housesteads , chesterholm and even as far north as carriden on the antonine wall .

Several inscriptions from Gallia Belgica record officials with the title curator , such as the joint curatores attested at Bitburg ( Vicus Beda ) in the civitas Treverorum .
several inscriptions from gallia belgica record officials with the title curator , such as the joint curatores [confirmed] at bitburg ( vicus beda ) in the civitas treverorum .

One can be confidently applied to Middlewich in Cheshire , where early exploitation of the inland brine springs is attested by the excavation of several brine pits and quantities of briquetage .
one can be confidently applied to middlewich in cheshire , where early exploitation of the inland brine springs is [confirmed] by the excavation of several brine pits and quantities of briquetage .

This evidence is echoed at a whole range of other small towns , and it is probably safe to suggest a similar interpretation for those sites where strip buildings are well attested but where either excavation or detailed evidence for trading activities is limited , as for example at Water Newton .
this evidence is echoed at a whole range of other small towns , and it is probably safe to suggest a similar interpretation for those sites where strip buildings are well [confirmed] but where either excavation or detailed evidence for trading activities is limited , as for example at water newton .

The importance of the blacksmith is further attested by three ironwork hoards at Dorchester-on-Thames , Great Chesterford and Sandy .
the importance of the blacksmith is further [confirmed] by three ironwork hoards at dorchester-on-thames , great chesterford and sandy .

Almost all sites probably had one or more resident blacksmith and coppersmith , both repairing old items and manufacturing new ones , whereas plumbers , pewterers and tinsmiths seem to have been rarer ; only one goldsmith is known , while no silversmiths are attested .
almost all sites probably had one or more resident blacksmith and coppersmith , both repairing old items and manufacturing new ones , whereas plumbers , pewterers and tinsmiths seem to have been rarer ; only one goldsmith is known , while no silversmiths are [confirmed] .

The religious observances of the inhabitants of Corbridge are well attested , not only through the structural remains of the six or so temples which lined the south side of the main east-west street near the military compounds but also through the number of dedications and items of religious sculpture which have been recovered from the site ; quite a number , though , of the dedications were made by military personnel or army units .
the religious observances of the inhabitants of corbridge are well [confirmed] , not only through the structural remains of the six or so temples which lined the south side of the main east-west street near the military compounds but also through the number of dedications and items of religious sculpture which have been recovered from the site ; quite a number , though , of the dedications were made by military personnel or army units .

Elsewhere , we depend upon characteristic industrial debris , which includes iron-working in the courtyard south of Building 3 in Kingshams Field and two pottery kilns in the western suburb ; bone-working is also attested by artefactual evidence , while the building trade is well represented .
elsewhere , we depend upon characteristic industrial debris , which includes iron-working in the courtyard south of building 3 in kingshams field and two pottery kilns in the western suburb ; bone-working is also [confirmed] by artefactual evidence , while the building trade is well represented .

Iron-working is also attested in Normangate Field , principally by several probable furnaces in the aisled building alongside Ermine Street .
iron-working is also [confirmed] in normangate field , principally by several probable furnaces in the aisled building alongside ermine street .

Dated to the second half of the second century , it seems to have been a tannery and leather workshop , and is not only one of the few reliable instances yet found for this industry , but is also one of the few industries attested at Alcester .
dated to the second half of the second century , it seems to have been a tannery and leather workshop , and is not only one of the few reliable instances yet found for this industry , but is also one of the few industries [confirmed] at alcester .

His attested work at Stoke Park and Corsham Court is completely different to that one the Royal Fort 's staircase .
his [confirmed] work at stoke park and corsham court is completely different to that one the royal fort 's staircase .

The reality of this picture of vibrant , ‘ grass roots ’ capitalist development in the Third World is attested to by the abundant evidence of rapidly rising commercialisation and the resulting social differentiation ( especially in the rural areas of Asia and Africa ) , coupled with the relative expansion of wage-labour at the expense of family and self-employment , including feudal-type tenurial relationships .
the reality of this picture of vibrant , ‘ grass roots ’ capitalist development in the third world is [confirmed] to by the abundant evidence of rapidly rising commercialisation and the resulting social differentiation ( especially in the rural areas of asia and africa ) , coupled with the relative expansion of wage-labour at the expense of family and self-employment , including feudal-type tenurial relationships .

The market dependence of the latter group is attested by their proclivity for food rioting , as is that of miners , while urban expansion obviously increased the role and reach of the market .
the market dependence of the latter group is [confirmed] by their proclivity for food rioting , as is that of miners , while urban expansion obviously increased the role and reach of the market .

The long range of each force is attested in one case by the operation of the solar system and in the other by the presence of the Van Allen belts of charged particles trapped in the Earth 's magnetic field .
the long range of each force is [confirmed] in one case by the operation of the solar system and in the other by the presence of the van allen belts of charged particles trapped in the earth 's magnetic field .

Why , if Bostock treated her that way she would be inclined to fetch a stick to him , for the vapours ( as Mrs Frere so dismally attested ) would be the sole alternative .
why , if bostock treated her that way she would be inclined to fetch a stick to him , for the vapours ( as mrs frere so dismally [confirmed] ) would be the sole alternative .

She attested in September 1939 that ‘ universally , householders have been shocked at the disgraceful and disgusting conditions in which a certain portion of the population lives ’ , and that ‘ the low slum type form the majority of the mothers , some out for what they can get , most of them dirty , many of them idle and unwilling to work or pull their weight ’ .
she [confirmed] in september 1939 that ‘ universally , householders have been shocked at the disgraceful and disgusting conditions in which a certain portion of the population lives ’ , and that ‘ the low slum type form the majority of the mothers , some out for what they can get , most of them dirty , many of them idle and unwilling to work or pull their weight ’ .

The to infinitive here asserts an occurrence not just as an attested fact but as a significant fact , something which tells one about the character of the subject .
the to infinitive here asserts an occurrence not just as an [confirmed] fact but as a significant fact , something which tells one about the character of the subject .

Although only two attested examples of this usage have been found in modern English , the contrast between the bare and the to infinitive in these contexts confirms the percept/concept distinction observed above : ( 88 ) The smallest pin could be heard drop . ( Literary World , 9 November 1889 : 381 ; in Poutsma 1926 : 432 )
although only two [confirmed] examples of this usage have been found in modern english , the contrast between the bare and the to infinitive in these contexts confirms the percept/concept distinction observed above : ( 88 ) the smallest pin could be heard drop . ( literary world , 9 november 1889 : 381 ; in poutsma 1926 : 432 )

In ( 100b ) however `` it seems that the woman 's intelligence is attested to by an outside source .
in ( 100b ) however `` it seems that the woman 's intelligence is [confirmed] to by an outside source .

In our corpus we have attested need used as a modal in all of Jacobsson 's ten types except ( 7 ) , ( 9 ) and ( 10 ) .
in our corpus we have [confirmed] need used as a modal in all of jacobsson 's ten types except ( 7 ) , ( 9 ) and ( 10 ) .

This makes how + bare infinitive the equivalent of how can or how could , a paraphrase which is applicable to all of the uses attested thus far .
this makes how + bare infinitive the equivalent of how can or how could , a paraphrase which is applicable to all of the uses [confirmed] thus far .

These figures attested to the high reproducibility of this counting method .
these figures [confirmed] to the high reproducibility of this counting method .

For years it was believed that the ‘ fanatic ’ Toscanini conducted everything very fast , though it is an attested fact that his Bayreuth Parsifal was the slowest in the theatre 's history and that his famous Falstaff , not to mention a good deal of his Mozart and Brahms , was unusually broad in its pacing .
for years it was believed that the ‘ fanatic ’ toscanini conducted everything very fast , though it is an [confirmed] fact that his bayreuth parsifal was the slowest in the theatre 's history and that his famous falstaff , not to mention a good deal of his mozart and brahms , was unusually broad in its pacing .

Cross-channel traffic between South Wales and the coast from Weston to Ilfracombe , with settlement of Somerset and Devon families along the Welsh coast , is attested in the parish records that survive from the seventeenth century .
cross-channel traffic between south wales and the coast from weston to ilfracombe , with settlement of somerset and devon families along the welsh coast , is [confirmed] in the parish records that survive from the seventeenth century .

Since even the best attested fact of the history of the past can possess no more than a very high degree of probability and since , by definition , Christian and indeed all religious faith must from the believer 's point of view be absolutely certain and secure , can faith ever be said to depend upon an historical fact , no matter how well established ? Faith must know its object in a way we can not know an historical fact .
since even the best [confirmed] fact of the history of the past can possess no more than a very high degree of probability and since , by definition , christian and indeed all religious faith must from the believer 's point of view be absolutely certain and secure , can faith ever be said to depend upon an historical fact , no matter how well established ? faith must know its object in a way we can not know an historical fact .

In the nineteenth century Queen-Empress worship was attested in the creation of stations called Victoria in London , Manchester , Sheffield , Nottingham , Norwich , Swansea , and Bombay .
in the nineteenth century queen-empress worship was [confirmed] in the creation of stations called victoria in london , manchester , sheffield , nottingham , norwich , swansea , and bombay .

That it was once much greater is attested by the many traces of former lazy-beds to be seen on the grazing land .
that it was once much greater is [confirmed] by the many traces of former lazy-beds to be seen on the grazing land .

You re attested now .
you re [confirmed] now .

Sceptics may baulk at such an idea , but given the attested presence of such equally implausible-sounding objects as a block of portable eighteenth-century soup ( ex Captain Cook ) , Inuit seal-gut underwear , African cobweb hats and other equally exotic objects , the concept of dressed fleas may seem more acceptable .
sceptics may baulk at such an idea , but given the [confirmed] presence of such equally implausible-sounding objects as a block of portable eighteenth-century soup ( ex captain cook ) , inuit seal-gut underwear , african cobweb hats and other equally exotic objects , the concept of dressed fleas may seem more acceptable .

19ff ) ; one of the earliest attested acts of faith centred upon the near sacrifice of a human being ( Isaac , son of Abraham ) , replaced at the last moment by a substitute ram which was given as a burnt-offering ( Gen. 22 ) ; and the first redemption of the embryonic nation Israel involved the smearing of the blood of the Passover lamb on the doorposts and lintels of the Hebrews ' homes in Egypt as a sign to the Angel of Death to leave them in safety ( Exod .
19ff ) ; one of the earliest [confirmed] acts of faith centred upon the near sacrifice of a human being ( isaac , son of abraham ) , replaced at the last moment by a substitute ram which was given as a burnt-offering ( gen. 22 ) ; and the first redemption of the embryonic nation israel involved the smearing of the blood of the passover lamb on the doorposts and lintels of the hebrews ' homes in egypt as a sign to the angel of death to leave them in safety ( exod .

He had paced all the possible routes and timings and , given a small margin of error , had come to the conclusion that Drew could have left his lodging at the witnessed time and appear at the theatre at the attested time seven minutes later .
he had paced all the possible routes and timings and , given a small margin of error , had come to the conclusion that drew could have left his lodging at the witnessed time and appear at the theatre at the [confirmed] time seven minutes later .

‘ History was the space in which the drama of individual and social life unfolded according to the purpose of Yahweh , and cosmic time simply attested to the works of Yahweh and His power over the universe .
‘ history was the space in which the drama of individual and social life unfolded according to the purpose of yahweh , and cosmic time simply [confirmed] to the works of yahweh and his power over the universe .

In a last attempt to avoid this very un-English measure the Liberal Government introduced a scheme , organized by Lord Derby , whereby men ‘ attested ’ their willingness to serve if called upon .
in a last attempt to avoid this very un-english measure the liberal government introduced a scheme , organized by lord derby , whereby men ‘ [confirmed] ’ their willingness to serve if called upon .

In December 1915 Chapman , Connor and most of the City players ‘ attested ’ .
in december 1915 chapman , connor and most of the city players ‘ [confirmed] ’ .

The appalling condition of the highways out of London and in the northern Home Counties is attested to by many travellers of the time , especially Defoe .
the appalling condition of the highways out of london and in the northern home counties is [confirmed] to by many travellers of the time , especially defoe .

In this case it is wrong to speak of the wording of the trust as being free ; the point is instead that it is possible to construe a trust in order to validate a disposition , for their existence or non-existence is not attested purely by the use or non-use of certain forms .
in this case it is wrong to speak of the wording of the trust as being free ; the point is instead that it is possible to construe a trust in order to validate a disposition , for their existence or non-existence is not [confirmed] purely by the use or non-use of certain forms .

This is the position attested in many texts , both classical and post-classical .
this is the position [confirmed] in many texts , both classical and post-classical .

It is also likely that this view is a departure from earlier law , in which it is not attested .
it is also likely that this view is a departure from earlier law , in which it is not [confirmed] .

That this must be the explanation for Kammerer 's disturbing results is attested to by the discovery of a wild midwife toad with rudimentary nuptial pads as much as two years before Kammerer took his own life .
that this must be the explanation for kammerer 's disturbing results is [confirmed] to by the discovery of a wild midwife toad with rudimentary nuptial pads as much as two years before kammerer took his own life .

Any change to previously attested to and approved data must be reviewed by and attested to by the employee whose data was changed .
any change to previously [confirmed] to and approved data must be reviewed by and [confirmed] to by the employee whose data was changed .

Witnesses have attested , however , that their pronouncements reflected ample predisposition toward taking some action against the United States .
witnesses have [confirmed] , however , that their pronouncements reflected ample predisposition toward taking some action against the united states .

Hype in the sense of excessive or false publicity goes back much further than the 1960s ( Collingwood 's suggested decade of origin ) -- to at least the 1920s ( per the Oxford English Dictionary ) , which is the same time that hype is attested to as a verb and noun associated with drug use , and the word is explicitly linked to hypodermic .
hype in the sense of excessive or false publicity goes back much further than the 1960s ( collingwood 's suggested decade of origin ) -- to at least the 1920s ( per the oxford english dictionary ) , which is the same time that hype is [confirmed] to as a verb and noun associated with drug use , and the word is explicitly linked to hypodermic .

McGwire 's homer was a high fly , as Niehaus attested , and as was confirmed by his broadcast partner Rick Rizzs , who marveled at the ball 's hang time .
mcgwire 's homer was a high fly , as niehaus [confirmed] , and as was confirmed by his broadcast partner rick rizzs , who marveled at the ball 's hang time .

Based on the sparse evidence available , linguists theorized about the earlier languages that had given rise to those attested .
based on the sparse evidence available , linguists theorized about the earlier languages that had given rise to those [confirmed] .

Acrostics ( p. 75 ) are already attested in the Near East ( 3rd millennium BCE ) , Egypt ( 14th c. BCE ) and 6th-c. BCE Greece .
acrostics ( p. 75 ) are already [confirmed] in the near east ( 3rd millennium bce ) , egypt ( 14th c. bce ) and 6th-c. bce greece .

The first is attested in the OED from as early as 1400 .
the first is [confirmed] in the oed from as early as 1400 .

It is attested in Babylonian , Egyptian , Greek , and Latin religious and magical texts preserved on clay tablets , papyrus , parchment , gems , and strips of metal thousands of years old .
it is [confirmed] in babylonian , egyptian , greek , and latin religious and magical texts preserved on clay tablets , papyrus , parchment , gems , and strips of metal thousands of years old .

The compound fuck-me intended to invite sexual advances , chiefly exemplified by fuck-me [ shoes ] ( with various specific types of shoes ) , was only attested to 1989 .
the compound fuck-me intended to invite sexual advances , chiefly exemplified by fuck-me [ shoes ] ( with various specific types of shoes ) , was only [confirmed] to 1989 .

The names tribes gave themselves are not always known , sometimes because both tribe and language are extinct , attested to only by the name assigned to them by others .
the names tribes gave themselves are not always known , sometimes because both tribe and language are extinct , [confirmed] to only by the name assigned to them by others .

Barrack , attested as a Northern Irish term for bragging , shifts slightly but not contextually in meaning to the vociferous denigration of a sporting team or a participant in a fight , and admits the converse of this in the intransitive verb barrack for support .
barrack , [confirmed] as a northern irish term for bragging , shifts slightly but not contextually in meaning to the vociferous denigration of a sporting team or a participant in a fight , and admits the converse of this in the intransitive verb barrack for support .

