Fortunately , the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity , as did also Gannett and Chandler Robbins ; ;
fortunately , the honor of the denomination can [confirm] that cyrus bartol defended parker's sincerity , as did also gannett and chandler robbins ; ;

Perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can discover their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest ? ?
perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can discover their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can [confirm] ? ?

One is that , as David Mellor or several members of the royal family might attest , cumulative disclosures acquire momentum .
one is that , as david mellor or several members of the royal family might [confirm] , cumulative disclosures acquire momentum .

‘ On this last record , and Keith will attest to this , we spent ages recording guitars ; we had every guitar available to us and we went all out .
‘ on this last record , and keith will [confirm] to this , we spent ages recording guitars ; we had every guitar available to us and we went all out .

However , the fact that disease incidence continues to rise must surely attest to the inadequacy of such drugs to cope with it .
however , the fact that disease incidence continues to rise must surely [confirm] to the inadequacy of such drugs to cope with it .

This presupposes co-operation between services ( p 15 ) , yet workers in all but a handful of local authorities could attest to resources and personnel not being made available to effect the good working links advocated in official reports .
this presupposes co-operation between services ( p 15 ) , yet workers in all but a handful of local authorities could [confirm] to resources and personnel not being made available to effect the good working links advocated in official reports .

Albert Lubin remarks perceptively that the presence of babies ‘ relieved his sadness , and numerous drawings and paintings of babies attest to his fascination with recreating them .
albert lubin remarks perceptively that the presence of babies ‘ relieved his sadness , and numerous drawings and paintings of babies [confirm] to his fascination with recreating them .

His friends attest it .
his friends [confirm] it .

As Mr Perez will attest , that is no small accomplishment .
as mr perez will [confirm] , that is no small accomplishment .

Stanley William Hayter is broadly acknowledged as one of the most influential figures in twentieth-century printmaking , on three counts : his technical innovations , especially in intaglio colour printing ; the encouragement of artists from Miró to Pollock and beyond to treat printmaking as a means of original expression ( rather than just a way of reproducing images ) ; and a remarkable body of prints produced over six decades , which attest to his broad interests in mythology , the workings of the unconscious , and the new mathematics .
stanley william hayter is broadly acknowledged as one of the most influential figures in twentieth-century printmaking , on three counts : his technical innovations , especially in intaglio colour printing ; the encouragement of artists from miró to pollock and beyond to treat printmaking as a means of original expression ( rather than just a way of reproducing images ) ; and a remarkable body of prints produced over six decades , which [confirm] to his broad interests in mythology , the workings of the unconscious , and the new mathematics .

Numerous studies attest to the validity of this insight within the industrial relations field .
numerous studies [confirm] to the validity of this insight within the industrial relations field .

Ask little Herta , who will defeatedly attest to it .
ask little herta , who will defeatedly [confirm] to it .

( as if to attest to their virtual invisibility , homosexual acts between women had never even been covered by the law that was being repealed . )
( as if to [confirm] to their virtual invisibility , homosexual acts between women had never even been covered by the law that was being repealed . )

It is read by different readers in a bewildering variety of ways , as reviews and readers ' letters attest .
it is read by different readers in a bewildering variety of ways , as reviews and readers ' letters [confirm] .

Episcopal registers amply attest the development of this system .
episcopal registers amply [confirm] the development of this system .

Military expenditure is at a very high level , and there have been numerous reports , both inside and outside government , which attest to the corruption , inefficiency and massive profits being made in defence contracting .
military expenditure is at a very high level , and there have been numerous reports , both inside and outside government , which [confirm] to the corruption , inefficiency and massive profits being made in defence contracting .

There is no restriction on the number of applications that these people may attest .
there is no restriction on the number of applications that these people may [confirm] .

Although numerous entries in the Stationers ' Company register attest to the variety of Herringman 's early trade list , he concentrated on the publication of belles-lettres from the 1660s .
although numerous entries in the stationers ' company register [confirm] to the variety of herringman 's early trade list , he concentrated on the publication of belles-lettres from the 1660s .

Letters published in Mechanics ' Magazine from 1826 to 1856 attest to Cayley 's interest in many technical topics , including a projected caterpillar tractor , the safety of railway travel , projectile design , and an artificial hand made for one of his tenants .
letters published in mechanics ' magazine from 1826 to 1856 [confirm] to cayley 's interest in many technical topics , including a projected caterpillar tractor , the safety of railway travel , projectile design , and an artificial hand made for one of his tenants .

attest .
[confirm] .

Whether or not Hugo was a wall-painter , the records of his activities as carver and manuscript painter attest to his versatility .
whether or not hugo was a wall-painter , the records of his activities as carver and manuscript painter [confirm] to his versatility .

Two further documents attest to public appreciation of Rey 's modernity of approach .
two further documents [confirm] to public appreciation of rey 's modernity of approach .

Two features ancillary to his tonal architecture attest Campra 's ability to reconcile musical unity with dramatic purpose .
two features ancillary to his tonal architecture [confirm] campra 's ability to reconcile musical unity with dramatic purpose .

For as my yellowed boarding passes now attest , to be transparent is , as far as users are concerned , all that corporate identity is really about .
for as my yellowed boarding passes now [confirm] , to be transparent is , as far as users are concerned , all that corporate identity is really about .

Both of these assertions , though questionable , attest to the kind of currency James enjoyed in what is usually regarded as a purely Pauline sphere of influence .
both of these assertions , though questionable , [confirm] to the kind of currency james enjoyed in what is usually regarded as a purely pauline sphere of influence .

While many of the animals around the vanished Olduvai lake resembled those of today , the fossils attest to some bizarre creatures .
while many of the animals around the vanished olduvai lake resembled those of today , the fossils [confirm] to some bizarre creatures .

Although the Office describes her as a recluse at the time of her cure , there is a discrepancy here between the date at which she was enclosed ( 1348 ) and the fact that several years elapsed between the cure and the relapse of her illness when Rolle died , since many manuscripts attest to Rolle 's death in 1348 .
although the office describes her as a recluse at the time of her cure , there is a discrepancy here between the date at which she was enclosed ( 1348 ) and the fact that several years elapsed between the cure and the relapse of her illness when rolle died , since many manuscripts [confirm] to rolle 's death in 1348 .

Some sites were even able to expand as Catterick and Towcester attest .
some sites were even able to expand as catterick and towcester [confirm] .

It is perhaps a mistake , though , to try to identify too many categories of independent craftsmen , even though the sources can attest a surprising level of specialization ; in a small community , a jobbing builder could be his own mason , bricklayer , carpenter , tiler , thatcher , and slater , possibly even burning his own lime and making his own bricks .
it is perhaps a mistake , though , to try to identify too many categories of independent craftsmen , even though the sources can [confirm] a surprising level of specialization ; in a small community , a jobbing builder could be his own mason , bricklayer , carpenter , tiler , thatcher , and slater , possibly even burning his own lime and making his own bricks .

Such impressive fortifications clearly attest Kenchester 's continued importance well into the fourth century , though the sequence did not end here .
such impressive fortifications clearly [confirm] kenchester 's continued importance well into the fourth century , though the sequence did not end here .

All this suggests contraction in this sector , although coins from the house of Theodosius attest casual occupation until the end of the century at least .
all this suggests contraction in this sector , although coins from the house of theodosius [confirm] casual occupation until the end of the century at least .

Before 823 , there is no mention of Judith 's influence : assorted scraps of evidence thereafter attest her efforts to bolster her own position by collaborating closely ( some said , too closely ) with her husband 's chief counsellors .
before 823 , there is no mention of judith 's influence : assorted scraps of evidence thereafter [confirm] her efforts to bolster her own position by collaborating closely ( some said , too closely ) with her husband 's chief counsellors .

( 3 ) An instrument is validly executed as a deed by an individual if , and only if — ( a ) it is signed — ( i ) by him in the presence of a witness who attests the signature ; or ( ii ) at his direction and in his presence and the presence of two witnesses who each attest the signature ; and ( b ) it is delivered as a deed by him or a person authorised to do so on his behalf .
( 3 ) an instrument is validly executed as a deed by an individual if , and only if — ( a ) it is signed — ( i ) by him in the presence of a witness who attests the signature ; or ( ii ) at his direction and in his presence and the presence of two witnesses who each [confirm] the signature ; and ( b ) it is delivered as a deed by him or a person authorised to do so on his behalf .

The scale and perfection of the Apolline manifestations among the Greeks , conversely , attest the powerful hold that the Dionysiac must have had among them .
the scale and perfection of the apolline manifestations among the greeks , conversely , [confirm] the powerful hold that the dionysiac must have had among them .

Available national statistics on late fetal deaths attest robustly to the relative futility of bearing high order births .
available national statistics on late fetal deaths [confirm] robustly to the relative futility of bearing high order births .

Singers like Elisabeth Grümmer who worked with him in Aachen attest to the fact ; it has been elaborately described by Legge ; and Karajan 's younger colleagues remark on it still .
singers like elisabeth grümmer who worked with him in aachen [confirm] to the fact ; it has been elaborately described by legge ; and karajan 's younger colleagues remark on it still .

’ The moral low point comes when a Jew ( played by Von Trier himself ) is forced to attest , falsely , to the Hartmanns ' kindness and help during the war .
’ the moral low point comes when a jew ( played by von trier himself ) is forced to [confirm] , falsely , to the hartmanns ' kindness and help during the war .

The witnesses must attest and sign the will in the testator 's presence , or acknowledge their signatures in his presence .
the witnesses must [confirm] and sign the will in the testator 's presence , or acknowledge their signatures in his presence .

Solitary dolphins have been known to spend long periods around human settlements , encounters which attest to their humour , playfulness , curiosity and gentleness , and their readiness to help humans in distress .
solitary dolphins have been known to spend long periods around human settlements , encounters which [confirm] to their humour , playfulness , curiosity and gentleness , and their readiness to help humans in distress .

On the other , whatever tactical voting takes place will benefit Labour and the Liberal Democrats , and — as any Tory canvasser will attest — many Tory waverers remain deeply unhappy about the Government 's handling of the economy .
on the other , whatever tactical voting takes place will benefit labour and the liberal democrats , and — as any tory canvasser will [confirm] — many tory waverers remain deeply unhappy about the government 's handling of the economy .

Many of his most memorable literary effects attest to this .
many of his most memorable literary effects [confirm] to this .

This suggests that to the criteria for trust wording a further one should be added : that the words be not only ‘ mediate ’ ( in the sense that they do not attribute property directly to the beneficiary ) but that they should also unequivocally attest the testator 's intention that a trustee should be under a legal obligation to a beneficiary .
this suggests that to the criteria for trust wording a further one should be added : that the words be not only ‘ mediate ’ ( in the sense that they do not attribute property directly to the beneficiary ) but that they should also unequivocally [confirm] the testator 's intention that a trustee should be under a legal obligation to a beneficiary .

Both legal literature and the documentary evidence attest the use of what can be called trust clauses , as well as the practice of using for a single disposition the wording of both legacy and trust .
both legal literature and the documentary evidence [confirm] the use of what can be called trust clauses , as well as the practice of using for a single disposition the wording of both legacy and trust .

Priority has been given to the juristic sources so far , since the concern here is with interpretation , and documents clearly do not attest how they were themselves interpreted .
priority has been given to the juristic sources so far , since the concern here is with interpretation , and documents clearly do not [confirm] how they were themselves interpreted .

This however did not mark the end of the consular jurisdiction , for various sources attest that the two jurisdictions coexisted .
this however did not mark the end of the consular jurisdiction , for various sources [confirm] that the two jurisdictions coexisted .

In addition , tonics from plants can be used preventively by healthy people , as our grandparents may attest .
in addition , tonics from plants can be used preventively by healthy people , as our grandparents may [confirm] .

The 15th-century temple ’ s rich carvings attest to the wealth of the Jain merchant who commissioned it .
the 15th-century temple ’ s rich carvings [confirm] to the wealth of the jain merchant who commissioned it .

Place names attest to the Celtic influence at every turn .
place names [confirm] to the celtic influence at every turn .

The gold jewellery and objects attest to the artistry of Villena ’ s early inhabitants .
the gold jewellery and objects [confirm] to the artistry of villena ’ s early inhabitants .

The photos on the walls of Pepe ’ s Piano Bar attest to the fact it has hosted more stars than the Acapulco sky — many of whom have joined in to entertain the audience in this red-velvet enclave of lounge music and martinis .
the photos on the walls of pepe ’ s piano bar [confirm] to the fact it has hosted more stars than the acapulco sky — many of whom have joined in to entertain the audience in this red-velvet enclave of lounge music and martinis .

Many fascinating legacies around the island attest to the complicated web that time has spun here .
many fascinating legacies around the island [confirm] to the complicated web that time has spun here .

Several handsome villas and loggias still attest to their gracious style of living .
several handsome villas and loggias still [confirm] to their gracious style of living .

The Spaniards never bothered to settle in the Bahamas , but the number of shipwrecks attest that their galleons frequently passed through the archipelago en route to and from the Caribbean , Florida , Bermuda , and their home ports .
the spaniards never bothered to settle in the bahamas , but the number of shipwrecks [confirm] that their galleons frequently passed through the archipelago en route to and from the caribbean , florida , bermuda , and their home ports .

The attorneys who appear before Zelon attest to the fact that counsel and clients in her courtroom have faith in her objectiveness .
the attorneys who appear before zelon [confirm] to the fact that counsel and clients in her courtroom have faith in her objectiveness .

Ironically , it was George Shaheen rather than Jim Wadia who publicly stated his support for modernizing the attest and assurance model for the 21st century !
ironically , it was george shaheen rather than jim wadia who publicly stated his support for modernizing the [confirm] and assurance model for the 21st century !

In my view , not enough has been done to manage the current and emerging risks associated with our profession , especially in connection with modernizing the attest and assurance model and related auditing standards , including the independence standard for the 21st century .
in my view , not enough has been done to manage the current and emerging risks associated with our profession , especially in connection with modernizing the [confirm] and assurance model and related auditing standards , including the independence standard for the 21st century .

Although Enron may have violated this 3 percent requirement , the 3-percent level would seem to be way too low in a environment in which we should be focusing on economic substance versus legal form in accounting and reporting as well as attest and assurance matters .
although enron may have violated this 3 percent requirement , the 3-percent level would seem to be way too low in a environment in which we should be focusing on economic substance versus legal form in accounting and reporting as well as [confirm] and assurance matters .

ATTEST AND ASSURANCE STANDARDS : Although the accounting and reporting model needs to be updated , in my view , the current attest and assurance model is also out of date .
[confirm] and assurance standards : although the accounting and reporting model needs to be updated , in my view , the current [confirm] and assurance model is also out of date .

More needs to done to enhance the scope and improve the timeliness of various attest and assurance services and related reporting .
more needs to done to enhance the scope and improve the timeliness of various [confirm] and assurance services and related reporting .

During the past decade the AICPA and many accounting firms put too much emphasis on how they could grow their top line , bottom line , and earnings through pushing non-audit/consulting services and not enough time modernizing attest and assurance services that represent the franchise for CPAs on which the public relies .
during the past decade the aicpa and many accounting firms put too much emphasis on how they could grow their top line , bottom line , and earnings through pushing non-audit/consulting services and not enough time modernizing [confirm] and assurance services that represent the franchise for cpas on which the public relies .

The New York Stock Exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters ; boards and audit committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously ; the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for SPEs and stock options ; the AICPA has issued a new fraud detection audit standard and is beginning to assess the need for other enhanced attest and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace ; the U.S. Congress has passed the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation which included establishment of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) , tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies , and independent funding sources for the PCAOB and the FASB ; the SEC has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the PCAOB ; various U.S .
the new york stock exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters ; boards and audit committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously ; the financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for spes and stock options ; the aicpa has issued a new fraud detection audit standard and is beginning to assess the need for other enhanced [confirm] and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace ; the u.s. congress has passed the sarbanes-oxley legislation which included establishment of the public company accounting oversight board ( pcaob ) , tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies , and independent funding sources for the pcaob and the fasb ; the sec has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the pcaob ; various u.s .

The participants applauded the deterrent put in place by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , which sends a signal that persons who prepare or attest to fraudulent financial statements can go to jail .
the participants applauded the deterrent put in place by the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 , which sends a signal that persons who prepare or [confirm] to fraudulent financial statements can go to jail .

Attestation and Verification by Employees and Timekeepers The employee and timekeeper , if any , are not required to attest or verify T & A reports and related documents .
attestation and verification by employees and timekeepers the employee and timekeeper , if any , are not required to [confirm] or verify t & a reports and related documents .

His door was always open to graduate students , postdoctoral trainees , faculty who wanted to discuss those problems as many others and we can attest .
his door was always open to graduate students , postdoctoral trainees , faculty who wanted to discuss those problems as many others and we can [confirm] .

The vet 's records should attest to the cat 's precarious condition .
the vet 's records should [confirm] to the cat 's precarious condition .

A comment on Jodie T. Allen 's assertion that governments like San Diego 's `` surely regulate [ volleyball net ] placement on beaches '' ( `` Government and Volleyball '' ) : As a devotee of San Diego 's South Mission Beach , I can attest to the growing popularity of beach volleyball .
a comment on jodie t. allen 's assertion that governments like san diego 's `` surely regulate [ volleyball net ] placement on beaches '' ( `` government and volleyball '' ) : as a devotee of san diego 's south mission beach , i can [confirm] to the growing popularity of beach volleyball .

If somebody had to win the Fannie Mae jackpot , it might as well be Johnson , who -- Chatterbox 's friends attest -- is a decent man .
if somebody had to win the fannie mae jackpot , it might as well be johnson , who -- chatterbox 's friends [confirm] -- is a decent man .

Since these movements occurred within the same generation , they now coexist , as President Clinton 's '60s morals and '80s politics attest .
since these movements occurred within the same generation , they now coexist , as president clinton 's '60s morals and '80s politics [confirm] .

The affidavits also attest that he watched friends stab a woman to death and bathe in her blood .
the affidavits also [confirm] that he watched friends stab a woman to death and bathe in her blood .

I know a slew of 'em , and can attest that there 's no `` irony '' in a writer 's being better -- or at least different -- on the page than in person .
i know a slew of 'em , and can [confirm] that there 's no `` irony '' in a writer 's being better -- or at least different -- on the page than in person .

Are they loathsome , or do they attest to the indomitability of the human spirit ?
are they loathsome , or do they [confirm] to the indomitability of the human spirit ?

While other civilisations , with their 'insect origins , ' fumble with such ideas as the timeless and ethereal qualities of a woman 's beauty , our beginnings attest to these ideals from time immemorial .
while other civilisations , with their 'insect origins , ' fumble with such ideas as the timeless and ethereal qualities of a woman 's beauty , our beginnings [confirm] to these ideals from time immemorial .

The father , as I can personally attest , never leaves Z-town .
the father , as i can personally [confirm] , never leaves z-town .

That Nixon had more than a casual attraction to power is a fact to which various convicted felons on his staff can attest .
that nixon had more than a casual attraction to power is a fact to which various convicted felons on his staff can [confirm] .

As listeners to the BBC World Service can attest , the usage has become widespread in the English spoken throughout the British Commonwealth .
as listeners to the bbc world service can [confirm] , the usage has become widespread in the english spoken throughout the british commonwealth .

Dixie in 1945 , I can attest to the common usage of that word in the US Navy in the Pacific during WWII .
dixie in 1945 , i can [confirm] to the common usage of that word in the us navy in the pacific during wwii .

