The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit .
the victim was beaten when he [tried] to stop the bandit .

It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place .
it was when he [tried] to end the relationship that the murder took place .

When Huff attempted to cash another $100 check there Monday , hotel officials called police .
when huff [tried] to cash another $100 check there monday , hotel officials called police .

In 1914 , the Clayton Act attempted to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a commodity .
in 1914 , the clayton act [tried] to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a commodity .

In a tense , closed-door session with Judge Smith , Rayburn attempted to work out a compromise : to add three new members to the Rules Committee ( two Democrats , including one Southerner , and one Republican ) .
in a tense , closed-door session with judge smith , rayburn [tried] to work out a compromise : to add three new members to the rules committee ( two democrats , including one southerner , and one republican ) .

and they attempted a skirmish line of advance against a camouflaged enemy encampment .
and they [tried] a skirmish line of advance against a camouflaged enemy encampment .

In France , novel approaches to the classic French plays are frequently attempted .
in france , novel approaches to the classic french plays are frequently [tried] .

Apparently , Jouvet and Ledoux attempted just these dissimilar approaches in the role of Arnolphe in `` The School For Wives '' .
apparently , jouvet and ledoux [tried] just these dissimilar approaches in the role of arnolphe in `` the school for wives '' .

Here some innovation is attempted .
here some innovation is [tried] .

But , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts .
but , up to now , no one has [tried] to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of old chinese cosmological concepts .

By 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` I have striven for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody .
by 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` i have striven for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time i have by no means [tried] to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody .

and although we have attempted to provide these status symbols , support of the ' dual-ladder ' plan has been half-hearted despite the creation of a salary potential for a research scientist commensurate with that of men in top managerial positions .
and although we have [tried] to provide these status symbols , support of the ' dual-ladder ' plan has been half-hearted despite the creation of a salary potential for a research scientist commensurate with that of men in top managerial positions .

Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians .
perier [tried] to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the indians .

Even today range riders will come upon mummified bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a twenty-mile hike and slowly lost direction , were tortured by the heat , driven mad by the constant and unfulfilled promise of the landscape , and who finally died .
even today range riders will come upon mummified bodies of men who [tried] nothing more difficult than a twenty-mile hike and slowly lost direction , were tortured by the heat , driven mad by the constant and unfulfilled promise of the landscape , and who finally died .

The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it .
the clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of africa was struck out in complaisance to south carolina and georgia , who had never [tried] to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it .

And for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance .
and for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had [tried] to make it a successorship by inheritance .

We attempted to conclude this , and did so by having the papers burned .
we [tried] to conclude this , and did so by having the papers burned .

Having done so , he began to experience all the frustrations of others who attempted to get along with Serenissimus and do a job at the same time .
having done so , he began to experience all the frustrations of others who [tried] to get along with serenissimus and do a job at the same time .

The immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him , and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry , as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry .
the immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him , and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry , as he had previously [tried] the union of graphic art and poetry .

A detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper .
a detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not [tried] in this paper .

We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than 1700 values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center .
we have [tried] to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than 1700 values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center .

Interviews with members of the Brandywine population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population .
interviews with members of the brandywine population were [tried] in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population .

In fact , they went so far as to caution the writer that if he attempted to design a section exclusively for married students there should be , at the beginning , some `` hindsight '' study ; ;
in fact , they went so far as to caution the writer that if he [tried] to design a section exclusively for married students there should be , at the beginning , some `` hindsight '' study ; ;

An attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected .
an [tried] middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected .

The application of these formulae could not please both sides , for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable .
the application of these formulae could not please both sides , for they really [tried] to marry the impossible to the inevitable .

Both Commissions consisted of upper-middle- and upper-class people , who attempted to act in the public interest .
both commissions consisted of upper-middle- and upper-class people , who [tried] to act in the public interest .

She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder .
she started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or [tried] murder .

It was , to Helva , only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music attempted .
it was , to helva , only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music [tried] .

Noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person .
noticing my disappointment he [tried] to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person .

By counting the number of stalls and urinals I attempted to form a loose estimate of how many men the hall would hold at one time .
by counting the number of stalls and urinals i [tried] to form a loose estimate of how many men the hall would hold at one time .

Beaming idiotically , he pooched out his lips and attempted to kiss her .
beaming idiotically , he pooched out his lips and [tried] to kiss her .

He flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront .
he flung off lord's hand and [tried] to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront .

It was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide .
it was reported to welch's office that a thief in the city jail had [tried] suicide .

The judge postponed sentencing for pyschiatric reports but warned the normal punishment for attempted robbery was at least 7 years in prison .
the judge postponed sentencing for pyschiatric reports but warned the normal punishment for [tried] robbery was at least 7 years in prison .

The local police were informed of the whereabouts of the statues , just incase anyone mistakenly reported an attempted break-in .
the local police were informed of the whereabouts of the statues , just incase anyone mistakenly reported an [tried] break-in .

So Norman White , Sheila Stroud and Mark Evans are tonight beginning eighteen year jail sentences for attempted murder .
so norman white , sheila stroud and mark evans are tonight beginning eighteen year jail sentences for [tried] murder .

The man the police want to question was walking through the Greyfriars bus station in Northampton , when he was caught on a security video shortly before the attempted abduction .
the man the police want to question was walking through the greyfriars bus station in northampton , when he was caught on a security video shortly before the [tried] abduction .

What sporting challenge first conquered in 1875 has been attempted by four thousand two hundred people and achieved by just 423 ?
what sporting challenge first conquered in 1875 has been [tried] by four thousand two hundred people and achieved by just 423 ?

It reached its height last September , when riot Police effectively sealed off Blackbird Leys as joy riders attempted and succeeded in outwitting them ; performing in front of the crowds and the media .
it reached its height last september , when riot police effectively sealed off blackbird leys as joy riders [tried] and succeeded in outwitting them ; performing in front of the crowds and the media .

The stunt — which involved jumping out of a hot air balloon attached to a piece of elastic — has never been attempted in Britain before .
the stunt — which involved jumping out of a hot air balloon attached to a piece of elastic — has never been [tried] in britain before .

Five months ago the castle was the subject of a second mortgage application for which Mrs Willies-Williams was sentenced to nine months in jail , suspended for two years , for attempted fraud .
five months ago the castle was the subject of a second mortgage application for which mrs willies-williams was sentenced to nine months in jail , suspended for two years , for [tried] fraud .

The police are linking the attempted rape of an Oxford woman with the rape of a student earlier this year .
the police are linking the [tried] rape of an oxford woman with the rape of a student earlier this year .

Police have been using a helicopter and tracker dogs to search for a man who attempted to grab a young boy .
police have been using a helicopter and tracker dogs to search for a man who [tried] to grab a young boy .

All three have denied attempted murder .
all three have denied [tried] murder .

Father Stephen Owen has been cleared of the attempted murder of the hit and run driver who killed his son .
father stephen owen has been cleared of the [tried] murder of the hit and run driver who killed his son .

One , a twenty five year old woman , appeared before magistrates in Dursley this afternoon charged with attempted grevious bodily harm on a police seargeant .
one , a twenty five year old woman , appeared before magistrates in dursley this afternoon charged with [tried] grevious bodily harm on a police seargeant .

The trip has been attempted twice before by others , and failed , either because of bad weather or poor organisation .
the trip has been [tried] twice before by others , and failed , either because of bad weather or poor organisation .

Eleven people have attempted suicide and three have succeeded .
eleven people have [tried] suicide and three have succeeded .

She also accused of the attempted murder of her baby son .
she also accused of the [tried] murder of her baby son .

At twenty five , it was his second attempted suicide .
at twenty five , it was his second [tried] suicide .

But attempted abductions of much younger children are not uncommon and the police say it 's vital that parents are aware of the dangers .
but [tried] abductions of much younger children are not uncommon and the police say it 's vital that parents are aware of the dangers .

Just before the verdict was announced he told Central South that he never attempted to gas his wife — and that it was all a plot by her to ruin his life .
just before the verdict was announced he told central south that he never [tried] to gas his wife — and that it was all a plot by her to ruin his life .

In the third part of his series on the agency , Nick Clark joined veteran newspaper photographer Monte Fresco as he attempted to pick his favourites from the huge Popperfoto collection .
in the third part of his series on the agency , nick clark joined veteran newspaper photographer monte fresco as he [tried] to pick his favourites from the huge popperfoto collection .

Gon na have you up there for ass attempted assault .
gon na have you up there for ass [tried] assault .

Attempted rape !
[tried] rape !

It 's she never attempted to go she just wandered all round till she met me
it 's she never [tried] to go she just wandered all round till she met me

Cameron , 36 , a father-of-three , of Bingham Broadway , Edinburgh , was initially accused of attempted murder , but the charge was reduced to one of assault to severe injury and to the danger of life .
cameron , 36 , a father-of-three , of bingham broadway , edinburgh , was initially accused of [tried] murder , but the charge was reduced to one of assault to severe injury and to the danger of life .

Provisional statistics obtained by The Scotsman from six of Scotland 's eight main police forces reveal worrying jumps in the numbers of murders , attempted murders , serious assaults , and robberies being committed across the country .
provisional statistics obtained by the scotsman from six of scotland 's eight main police forces reveal worrying jumps in the numbers of murders , [tried] murders , serious assaults , and robberies being committed across the country .

Attempted murders have also risen sharply , by 30 per cent , from 390 in 1991 to 503 last year , and cases of serious assault have increased by 8.5 per cent from 5,827 to 6,320 .
[tried] murders have also risen sharply , by 30 per cent , from 390 in 1991 to 503 last year , and cases of serious assault have increased by 8.5 per cent from 5,827 to 6,320 .

In the Grampian and Northern areas there have been big increases in both murder and attempted murder .
in the grampian and northern areas there have been big increases in both murder and [tried] murder .

Glasgow 's problems are merely a symptom of a wider malaise which has produced a 69 per cent rise in murders across most of the country and a 30 per cent increase in attempted murders .
glasgow 's problems are merely a symptom of a wider malaise which has produced a 69 per cent rise in murders across most of the country and a 30 per cent increase in [tried] murders .

Several forces have also seen very sharp rises in attempted murders .
several forces have also seen very sharp rises in [tried] murders .

Allitt , 24 , of First Avenue , Grantham , denies four charges of murdering children , 11 of attempted murder and 11 alternative charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
allitt , 24 , of first avenue , grantham , denies four charges of murdering children , 11 of [tried] murder and 11 alternative charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent .

Eighteen charges of attempted murder or alternatively causing grievous bodily harm relate to Becky Phillips 's twin sister , Katie and to other children aged between five weeks and six years .
eighteen charges of [tried] murder or alternatively causing grievous bodily harm relate to becky phillips 's twin sister , katie and to other children aged between five weeks and six years .

Four charges of attempted murder or causing grievous bodily harm relate to offences allegedly committed on 4 August last year , while Allitt was on police bail .
four charges of [tried] murder or causing grievous bodily harm relate to offences allegedly committed on 4 august last year , while allitt was on police bail .

The number of illegal border crossings and attempted crossings in Hungary had risen by 400 per cent compared with 1988 , he said .
the number of illegal border crossings and [tried] crossings in hungary had risen by 400 per cent compared with 1988 , he said .

The number of illegal border crossings and attempted crossings in Hungary had risen by 400 per cent compared with 1988 , he said .
the number of illegal border crossings and [tried] crossings in hungary had risen by 400 per cent compared with 1988 , he said .

The charges include the murder of Becky and the attempted murder of Katie in April 1991 .
the charges include the murder of becky and the [tried] murder of katie in april 1991 .

Alexander McLaren , 37 , is alleged to have shot Robert with a rifle , struck him with bottles , attempted to gouge out his eyes and attempted to strangle him .
alexander mclaren , 37 , is alleged to have shot robert with a rifle , struck him with bottles , [tried] to gouge out his eyes and [tried] to strangle him .

Police said last night that they were treating the incident as attempted murder and warned all women motorists to keep doors locked when driving on their own .
police said last night that they were treating the incident as [tried] murder and warned all women motorists to keep doors locked when driving on their own .

Sheriff William Fulton jailed both men , who admitted attempted theft by housebreaking , for four months in view of their previous records which they admitted .
sheriff william fulton jailed both men , who admitted [tried] theft by housebreaking , for four months in view of their previous records which they admitted .

Sentencing Harris , Lord Sutherland , told him that attempted murders involving such lethal weapons were becoming far too prevalent .
sentencing harris , lord sutherland , told him that [tried] murders involving such lethal weapons were becoming far too prevalent .

Her sister , who is still a teenager , was so affected that she attempted to commit suicide two years ago .
her sister , who is still a teenager , was so affected that she [tried] to commit suicide two years ago .

They are accused of the abduction and murder of James and the attempted abduction of a second two-year-old boy .
they are accused of the abduction and murder of james and the [tried] abduction of a second two-year-old boy .

The attempted abduction is understood to relate to an incident in the same Bootle shopping precinct earlier on the afternoon of James 's disappearance , involving another mother shopping with her two children .
the [tried] abduction is understood to relate to an incident in the same bootle shopping precinct earlier on the afternoon of james 's disappearance , involving another mother shopping with her two children .

The boys are also accused of the attempted abduction of another youngster .
the boys are also accused of the [tried] abduction of another youngster .

Gordon Orchard , a 61-year-old former Coldstream guardsman , who admitted abducting the child last summer , had 50 previous convictions , including indecent assault and attempted rape , but was sentenced as if they did not exist .
gordon orchard , a 61-year-old former coldstream guardsman , who admitted abducting the child last summer , had 50 previous convictions , including indecent assault and [tried] rape , but was sentenced as if they did not exist .

Two boys were arrested last Thursday and accused on Saturday night of James 's abduction and murder and the attempted abduction of a second two-year-old boy .
two boys were arrested last thursday and accused on saturday night of james 's abduction and murder and the [tried] abduction of a second two-year-old boy .

John O'Donnell , 25 , was giving evidence at the trial of David McPherson , 30 , of Halkett Crescent , Rosshead , Alexandria , who denies assault and attempted murder .
john o'donnell , 25 , was giving evidence at the trial of david mcpherson , 30 , of halkett crescent , rosshead , alexandria , who denies assault and [tried] murder .

He also denies that on the night of the same day while posing as a taxi driver he attempted to rape a girl aged 18 and later raped a 22-year-old woman .
he also denies that on the night of the same day while posing as a taxi driver he [tried] to rape a girl aged 18 and later raped a 22-year-old woman .

He also denies that on the Saturday night , while posing as a taxi driver , he attacked girls aged 18 and 22 , attempted to rape the first and raped the second .
he also denies that on the saturday night , while posing as a taxi driver , he attacked girls aged 18 and 22 , [tried] to rape the first and raped the second .

Mr O'Donnell was then repeatedly beaten , burned with a cigarette , and had a car driven over his legs before the men attempted to hang him at an Argyll quarry , the court heard .
mr o'donnell was then repeatedly beaten , burned with a cigarette , and had a car driven over his legs before the men [tried] to hang him at an argyll quarry , the court heard .

On a tour of Cleveland Structural Engineering 's Darlington fabrication shed he attempted to placate the workforce , concerned about losing out on a £500m job on Hong Kong 's new airport .
on a tour of cleveland structural engineering 's darlington fabrication shed he [tried] to placate the workforce , concerned about losing out on a £500m job on hong kong 's new airport .

Cook , who has previous convictions for robbery , pleaded guilty to attempted rape and to unlawful wounding .
cook , who has previous convictions for robbery , pleaded guilty to [tried] rape and to unlawful wounding .

Nichol , formerly of Regal Drive , Darlington , has denied the attempted murder of Mrs Chandler on August 29 , 1990 as she walked to Scorton , North Yorkshire .
nichol , formerly of regal drive , darlington , has denied the [tried] murder of mrs chandler on august 29 , 1990 as she walked to scorton , north yorkshire .

He was first spoken to by the police in November before being charged with attempted murder on February 28 .
he was first spoken to by the police in november before being charged with [tried] murder on february 28 .

Despite earlier threats to kill himself , Cpl Turnpenny had never attempted to take his life .
despite earlier threats to kill himself , cpl turnpenny had never [tried] to take his life .

Witnesses said the powerful Nova GSi raced up an alleyway between Corporation Road and Kingston Street , but the driver lost control as he attempted to turn left and ploughed into a brick wall .
witnesses said the powerful nova gsi raced up an alleyway between corporation road and kingston street , but the driver lost control as he [tried] to turn left and ploughed into a brick wall .

He rejected claims that his son Arthur attempted to continue his drugs trade from inside prison and had tried to do so through him .
he rejected claims that his son arthur [tried] to continue his drugs trade from inside prison and had tried to do so through him .

The incident , which happened while several people including children were milling around the van , is being treated by police as attempted murder .
the incident , which happened while several people including children were milling around the van , is being treated by police as [tried] murder .

The incident , which happened while several people including children were milling around the van , is being treated by police as attempted murder .
the incident , which happened while several people including children were milling around the van , is being treated by police as [tried] murder .

Paul Magee , 42 , and Michael O'Brien , 32 , from Belfast , deny murdering Special Constable Goodman and the attempted murder of constables Kelly , Susan Larkin and Mark Whitehouse on 7 June .
paul magee , 42 , and michael o'brien , 32 , from belfast , deny murdering special constable goodman and the [tried] murder of constables kelly , susan larkin and mark whitehouse on 7 june .

The incident , which took place while several people , including children , were milling around the van , is being treated by police as attempted murder .
the incident , which took place while several people , including children , were milling around the van , is being treated by police as [tried] murder .

Mr Lamont has also attempted to set the 20p tax rate as the ‘ norm ’ against which other benefits and allowances are set .
mr lamont has also [tried] to set the 20p tax rate as the ‘ norm ’ against which other benefits and allowances are set .

Allitt , formerly a nurse at Grantham Hospital in Lincolnshire , denies murdering four children , the attempted murder of 10 children and a woman of 79 and alternative charges of grievous bodily harm .
allitt , formerly a nurse at grantham hospital in lincolnshire , denies murdering four children , the [tried] murder of 10 children and a woman of 79 and alternative charges of grievous bodily harm .

It was confirmed on Monday that the former army officer had attempted suicide for a third time .
it was confirmed on monday that the former army officer had [tried] suicide for a third time .

The pickets were dragged away by police but others quickly took their places , and scuffles broke out as strikers attempted to rescue some of those arrested .
the pickets were dragged away by police but others quickly took their places , and scuffles broke out as strikers [tried] to rescue some of those arrested .

The technique has never been used before and , if necessary , will be attempted again tomorrow .
the technique has never been used before and , if necessary , will be [tried] again tomorrow .

He attempted to rape the woman and forced the man to commit sex acts with him .
he [tried] to rape the woman and forced the man to commit sex acts with him .

Labour 's Scottish Executive attempted to dampen down the controversy with a report which imposed new machinery , such as new standing orders , to tackle what executive chair Anne McGuire described as ‘ old-fashioned ’ practices .
labour 's scottish executive [tried] to dampen down the controversy with a report which imposed new machinery , such as new standing orders , to tackle what executive chair anne mcguire described as ‘ old-fashioned ’ practices .

She is also accused of the attempted murder of Jonathan , nine children , and Dorothy Lowe , 79 , at a Leicestershire nursing home .
she is also accused of the [tried] murder of jonathan , nine children , and dorothy lowe , 79 , at a leicestershire nursing home .

John Goold , a research student from the University of North Wales , said there had been a remarkable development when one of the whales broke away from the other five as they attempted to usher them out into the Pentland Firth for the second time .
john goold , a research student from the university of north wales , said there had been a remarkable development when one of the whales broke away from the other five as they [tried] to usher them out into the pentland firth for the second time .

Labour 's Scottish executive attempted to dampen down the controversy with a report which imposed new machinery , such as standing orders , to tackle what the executive chairwoman , Anne McGuire , described as old-fashioned practices .
labour 's scottish executive [tried] to dampen down the controversy with a report which imposed new machinery , such as standing orders , to tackle what the executive chairwoman , anne mcguire , described as old-fashioned practices .

However , employers could find themselves in a tight corner if they attempted to increase employee contributions or reduce benefits .
however , employers could find themselves in a tight corner if they [tried] to increase employee contributions or reduce benefits .

When Bjorn Borg recently made his unsuccessful comeback , he attempted it with his faithful old wooden racket as he had found the new weaponry too difficult to control .
when bjorn borg recently made his unsuccessful comeback , he [tried] it with his faithful old wooden racket as he had found the new weaponry too difficult to control .

After being demolished and outgunned by some indifferent players , he attempted to use the new compounds , but to no avail .
after being demolished and outgunned by some indifferent players , he [tried] to use the new compounds , but to no avail .

The players have now scored 70 goals between them for Rangers in all competitions this season , though McCoist was jocularly chided by his manager as he attempted to reply to the unanswerable question , posed him by a foreign journalist , of how many goals he expected to score tonight .
the players have now scored 70 goals between them for rangers in all competitions this season , though mccoist was jocularly chided by his manager as he [tried] to reply to the unanswerable question , posed him by a foreign journalist , of how many goals he expected to score tonight .

Last month that campaign attempted to interest the Health Minister , Virginia Bottomley , in the rising number of what is known in the jargon as excess winter deaths .
last month that campaign [tried] to interest the health minister , virginia bottomley , in the rising number of what is known in the jargon as excess winter deaths .

The committee must decide if Hateley struck , or attempted to strike , an opponent .
the committee must decide if hateley struck , or [tried] to strike , an opponent .

The strain under which Airdrie are operating began to tell in the second half when Falkirk attempted to mount a fightback .
the strain under which airdrie are operating began to tell in the second half when falkirk [tried] to mount a fightback .

The intention was easier to understand than the attempted execution .
the intention was easier to understand than the [tried] execution .

He denies her attempted murder .
he denies her [tried] murder .

He made his comments after Tory councillors attempted to delay closing Skinnergate and High Row to traffic by asking to reopen the consultations .
he made his comments after tory councillors [tried] to delay closing skinnergate and high row to traffic by asking to reopen the consultations .

Yesterday Floyd , 36 , appeared before Teesside Crown Court and admitred attempted robbery .
yesterday floyd , 36 , appeared before teesside crown court and admitred [tried] robbery .

Tim Roberts , prosecuting , said Floyd had been arrested at the Darlington bus station ten minutes after the attempted robbery and it was obvious to the police he had been drinking .
tim roberts , prosecuting , said floyd had been arrested at the darlington bus station ten minutes after the [tried] robbery and it was obvious to the police he had been drinking .

There were 37 attempted and full burglaries and once more hi-fi and electrical equipment has been top of the burglars ' list .
there were 37 [tried] and full burglaries and once more hi-fi and electrical equipment has been top of the burglars ' list .

He was finally arrested in London as he attempted to cash a cheque .
he was finally arrested in london as he [tried] to cash a cheque .

Ahead 35-20 , Swail attempted a reckless red up the side cushion and paid the penalty .
ahead 35-20 , swail [tried] a reckless red up the side cushion and paid the penalty .

Working on the template agreed with his fellow coaches , McGeechan and Douglas Morgan , Dixon has brought a dynamism to the driving mauls , mostly triggered from clean lineout ball , which had seemed largely beyond the Scottish Exiles — four of whom are in the pack — when they attempted to deploy that tactic during the inter-district championship .
working on the template agreed with his fellow coaches , mcgeechan and douglas morgan , dixon has brought a dynamism to the driving mauls , mostly triggered from clean lineout ball , which had seemed largely beyond the scottish exiles — four of whom are in the pack — when they [tried] to deploy that tactic during the inter-district championship .

The charged alleged that the girl placed her hand over the baby 's mouth , compressed her nose to the danger of her life , and attempted to murder her .
the charged alleged that the girl placed her hand over the baby 's mouth , compressed her nose to the danger of her life , and [tried] to murder her .

She attempted a comeback in 1989 , but lost in the first round of both events she played before being sidelined by a car accident which required surgery on her right knee .
she [tried] a comeback in 1989 , but lost in the first round of both events she played before being sidelined by a car accident which required surgery on her right knee .

She attempted a comeback in 1989 , losing in the first round of both events she played , but it was cut short by a car accident which required knee surgery .
she [tried] a comeback in 1989 , losing in the first round of both events she played , but it was cut short by a car accident which required knee surgery .

Government officials say they aim to reform the economy gradually while shielding the country 's ten million people from the pain of full-blooded ‘ shock therapy ’ as attempted in Russia and elsewhere .
government officials say they aim to reform the economy gradually while shielding the country 's ten million people from the pain of full-blooded ‘ shock therapy ’ as [tried] in russia and elsewhere .

Murder , attempted murder , culpable homicide , rape , child abuse , possession of a deadly weapon with intent to use it , assault which results in permanent serious injury to body or mind , kidnapping , acts of terrorism and drugs ' trafficking .
murder , [tried] murder , culpable homicide , rape , child abuse , possession of a deadly weapon with intent to use it , assault which results in permanent serious injury to body or mind , kidnapping , acts of terrorism and drugs ' trafficking .

Cork , who had dropped back into midfield , dashed to meet Reading full-back Steve Richardson in a race for the ball but he hoisted his attempted back pass over the stranded Prudhoe .
cork , who had dropped back into midfield , dashed to meet reading full-back steve richardson in a race for the ball but he hoisted his [tried] back pass over the stranded prudhoe .

Cork , who had dropped back into midfield , dashed to meet Reading full-back Steve Richardson in a race for the ball and hoisted his attempted back pass over the stranded Prudhoe .
cork , who had dropped back into midfield , dashed to meet reading full-back steve richardson in a race for the ball and hoisted his [tried] back pass over the stranded prudhoe .

Both were involved in the opening goal , Johnrose heading down a corner from the right by Paul Cross and Saville striking a shot Kevan Smith sliced , as he attempted to clear , into the Darlington net .
both were involved in the opening goal , johnrose heading down a corner from the right by paul cross and saville striking a shot kevan smith sliced , as he [tried] to clear , into the darlington net .

Because of the positive work being done Mr Wilson and his colleagues are keen to stress that there is no link between the Corporation Road Baptist Church and Andrew Cook , who was convicted of a violent attempted rape at Teesside Crown Court on Friday .
because of the positive work being done mr wilson and his colleagues are keen to stress that there is no link between the corporation road baptist church and andrew cook , who was convicted of a violent [tried] rape at teesside crown court on friday .

On the contrary , his attempted self-exculpation is breathtaking in its arrogance and sadly disturbing in its implications .
on the contrary , his [tried] self-exculpation is breathtaking in its arrogance and sadly disturbing in its implications .

Mr Slater appears to enjoy the attentions of his doting raven-haired companion , who sees their love as a fixture in a minefield of misfortune ( including a brutal attempted rape ) .
mr slater appears to enjoy the attentions of his doting raven-haired companion , who sees their love as a fixture in a minefield of misfortune ( including a brutal [tried] rape ) .

Moran , O'Neill and Mick Deegan all attempted to curb the in-form Brolly with no success , and his blistering pace will give Cork manager Billy Morgan something to ponder over in the week ahead .
moran , o'neill and mick deegan all [tried] to curb the in-form brolly with no success , and his blistering pace will give cork manager billy morgan something to ponder over in the week ahead .

Magistrates in Bootle heard that library staff had attempted to retrieve some books for more than a year .
magistrates in bootle heard that library staff had [tried] to retrieve some books for more than a year .

The man is also accused of attempted murder and rape .
the man is also accused of [tried] murder and rape .

He said police then surrounded the house and the men got rid of their guns and masks and ‘ attempted to improve their situation by masquerading as robbers ’ .
he said police then surrounded the house and the men got rid of their guns and masks and ‘ [tried] to improve their situation by masquerading as robbers ’ .

McLaughlin denies 31 other counts , including three attempted murders , 10 charges of possession of firearms between December 1990 and August 1991 , conspiracy to murder security forces in July and August 1991 , and hijacking , arson and petrol bombing offences from 1988–1990 .
mclaughlin denies 31 other counts , including three [tried] murders , 10 charges of possession of firearms between december 1990 and august 1991 , conspiracy to murder security forces in july and august 1991 , and hijacking , arson and petrol bombing offences from 1988–1990 .

William Caldwell , unemployed , of Edenvale Avenue , is also accused of an attempted murder .
william caldwell , unemployed , of edenvale avenue , is also accused of an [tried] murder .

‘ For 10 minutes they attempted to engage Anthony in conversation before explicitly asking him to work for and provide information to them .
‘ for 10 minutes they [tried] to engage anthony in conversation before explicitly asking him to work for and provide information to them .

The attempted murder relates to Patricia Agnes Caldwell of Coronation Road in Eden .
the [tried] murder relates to patricia agnes caldwell of coronation road in eden .

Possibly this is part of the reason for Mildred 's attempted suicide near the beginning of the book .
possibly this is part of the reason for mildred 's [tried] suicide near the beginning of the book .

He had not attempted to draw , Harry was aware of that even in the heat of his attack , and it enraged him past measure and gave him strength beyond normal .
he had not [tried] to draw , harry was aware of that even in the heat of his attack , and it enraged him past measure and gave him strength beyond normal .

What did they mean to do with him ? Isambard would make little ado about hanging a marauding boy who had attempted his life , especially one who was no business of the county justices or the crown , and had no one in England to take his part . But if they meant to kill him , why delay ? Why lodge him here thus roughly but not in any great discomfort ? And above all , why should Isambard come down here in person to visit him after supper , splendid and ceremonious in his brown and gold brocade , attended by servants bringing in a gilded chair for him , and a page carrying wine ? And why send all the hangers-on out of the cell ? If he was merely bent on amusing himself with his prisoner , did it matter who heard ?
what did they mean to do with him ? isambard would make little ado about hanging a marauding boy who had [tried] his life , especially one who was no business of the county justices or the crown , and had no one in england to take his part . but if they meant to kill him , why delay ? why lodge him here thus roughly but not in any great discomfort ? and above all , why should isambard come down here in person to visit him after supper , splendid and ceremonious in his brown and gold brocade , attended by servants bringing in a gilded chair for him , and a page carrying wine ? and why send all the hangers-on out of the cell ? if he was merely bent on amusing himself with his prisoner , did it matter who heard ?

He had put it on record firmly that he had attempted a sacrilegious felony , and was justly restrained in consequence .
he had put it on record firmly that he had [tried] a sacrilegious felony , and was justly restrained in consequence .

What you attempted was not blessed , more 's the pity , but none the less it was well done , few could have done better .
what you [tried] was not blessed , more 's the pity , but none the less it was well done , few could have done better .

Insistence on the use of such terms can introduce great problems of consistency when international comparisons are attempted .
insistence on the use of such terms can introduce great problems of consistency when international comparisons are [tried] .

Nevertheless , critical evaluation must be attempted and , if difficulties remain , they should at least be identified and their likely effects recognized and , if possible , quantified .
nevertheless , critical evaluation must be [tried] and , if difficulties remain , they should at least be identified and their likely effects recognized and , if possible , quantified .

The Financial Services Act 1986 attempted to standardise investor protection through a more formal ‘ rule-book ’ approach rather than through the previously adopted ‘ club ’ arrangements .
the financial services act 1986 [tried] to standardise investor protection through a more formal ‘ rule-book ’ approach rather than through the previously adopted ‘ club ’ arrangements .

Students of the British public sector have attempted to set down the ‘ typical ’ features of industrial relations in nationalized industries .
students of the british public sector have [tried] to set down the ‘ typical ’ features of industrial relations in nationalized industries .

Bell 1975 ; Beaumont and Leopold 1982 ; Clegg 1979 : passim ; Winchester 1983 ) have also attempted to identity ‘ key features ’ of nationalized industries , although few ( with the exception of Bell ) have dealt with the state enterprise sector specifically rather than the public sector as a whole .
bell 1975 ; beaumont and leopold 1982 ; clegg 1979 : passim ; winchester 1983 ) have also [tried] to identity ‘ key features ’ of nationalized industries , although few ( with the exception of bell ) have dealt with the state enterprise sector specifically rather than the public sector as a whole .

To a greater extent than its predecessors , it attempted to intervene directly to undermine what it saw as union resistance to greater efficiency .
to a greater extent than its predecessors , it [tried] to intervene directly to undermine what it saw as union resistance to greater efficiency .

Moreover , many actual nationalizations were indeed objectively functional for the restructuring of parts of the economy ‘ no longer organised as capital ’ as Fine and O'Donnell ( 1981 ) put it ; and the British Conservatives only attempted to reverse the post-war Labour government 's efforts ‘ where we believed that a measure of nationalisation was a real hindrance to our island life ( Winston Churchill , cited in Weiner 1960 : 80 ) .
moreover , many actual nationalizations were indeed objectively functional for the restructuring of parts of the economy ‘ no longer organised as capital ’ as fine and o'donnell ( 1981 ) put it ; and the british conservatives only [tried] to reverse the post-war labour government 's efforts ‘ where we believed that a measure of nationalisation was a real hindrance to our island life ( winston churchill , cited in weiner 1960 : 80 ) .

Both governments also attempted to control the financial demands of the railways by strengthening the framework of financial targets and constraints .
both governments also [tried] to control the financial demands of the railways by strengthening the framework of financial targets and constraints .

Formally the United States still maintained the myth that it would convert official holdings of dollars into gold at the old price of $ 35 , while informing other central banks that if they attempted to take advantage of this offer at all it would instantly be withdrawn .
formally the united states still maintained the myth that it would convert official holdings of dollars into gold at the old price of $ 35 , while informing other central banks that if they [tried] to take advantage of this offer at all it would instantly be withdrawn .

The sums involved made it difficult to prevent the inflows from boosting the money supply by selling bonds , and in any case , if this were attempted it would only prevent interest rates from falling and keep the currency attractive to those anxious to get out of dollars .
the sums involved made it difficult to prevent the inflows from boosting the money supply by selling bonds , and in any case , if this were [tried] it would only prevent interest rates from falling and keep the currency attractive to those anxious to get out of dollars .

The stepfather denies two charges of indecent assault , one of rape and another of attempted rape between September 26 , 1990 and May 26 , 1992 .
the stepfather denies two charges of indecent assault , one of rape and another of [tried] rape between september 26 , 1990 and may 26 , 1992 .

As he journeyed into the darkness of the past , Hughes attempted to compensate for this neglect by capturing the mood on Merseyside 's battered docksides .
as he journeyed into the darkness of the past , hughes [tried] to compensate for this neglect by capturing the mood on merseyside 's battered docksides .

Dunsheath , of Elmridge , Tanhouse , Skelmersdale , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent to resist arrest , destroying the Volvo which was written off , and attempted theft .
dunsheath , of elmridge , tanhouse , skelmersdale , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent to resist arrest , destroying the volvo which was written off , and [tried] theft .

Four males , aged 16–19 , all from Ely , Cardiff , will appear in Court at Cardiff this morning jointly charged with the murder of Mr Reed and the attempted murder of Philip Tull .
four males , aged 16–19 , all from ely , cardiff , will appear in court at cardiff this morning jointly charged with the murder of mr reed and the [tried] murder of philip tull .

The full charge alleged that Rymer , on June 9 , unlawfully and maliciously attempted to cause to be administered to the boy , a poison or other destructive or noxious thing namely Atenolol , Temazepam , Bendrofluazide and Coproxamol so as to endanger the life of the boy or inflict grievous bodily harm on him .
the full charge alleged that rymer , on june 9 , unlawfully and maliciously [tried] to cause to be administered to the boy , a poison or other destructive or noxious thing namely atenolol , temazepam , bendrofluazide and coproxamol so as to endanger the life of the boy or inflict grievous bodily harm on him .

While cross-dressing , he never once was found out by men and some attempted to chat him up .
while cross-dressing , he never once was found out by men and some [tried] to chat him up .

The accident happened on the outskirts of Chester after a cross-county motorway chase from Warrington as police followed up a report of an attempted armed robbery .
the accident happened on the outskirts of chester after a cross-county motorway chase from warrington as police followed up a report of an [tried] armed robbery .

Earlier in the trial , the prosecution alleged that Gilfoyle claimed to be on a course at work specialising in suicide and attempted suicide cases .
earlier in the trial , the prosecution alleged that gilfoyle claimed to be on a course at work specialising in suicide and [tried] suicide cases .

The accident happened on the outskirts of Chester after a cross-county motorway chase from Warrington as police followed up a report of an attempted armed robbery .
the accident happened on the outskirts of chester after a cross-county motorway chase from warrington as police followed up a report of an [tried] armed robbery .

The packed public gallery at Teesside Crown Court erupted in a roar of approval as the jury foreman announced that Mr Nichol was not guilty of attempted murder .
the packed public gallery at teesside crown court erupted in a roar of approval as the jury foreman announced that mr nichol was not guilty of [tried] murder .

Mr Nichol was first accused of the attempted murder of Mrs Chandler in October 1990 .
mr nichol was first accused of the [tried] murder of mrs chandler in october 1990 .

Mr Hodge remembered the seas had been very rough as the crew attempted to rescue the couple , who had been surprised and cut off by a fast moving tide at Huntcliff .
mr hodge remembered the seas had been very rough as the crew [tried] to rescue the couple , who had been surprised and cut off by a fast moving tide at huntcliff .

He was convicted of two charges of driving while disqualified , two charges of driving with no insurance , three of taking a car without consent , one of burglary , one of attempted burglary and one of criminal damage .
he was convicted of two charges of driving while disqualified , two charges of driving with no insurance , three of taking a car without consent , one of burglary , one of [tried] burglary and one of criminal damage .

The consultant at first attempted to induce labour but discontinued it .
the consultant at first [tried] to induce labour but discontinued it .

He is accused of burglary and attempted burglary .
he is accused of burglary and [tried] burglary .

Mr Justice Kennedy ordered there should be a not guilty verdict to the attempted murder charge which Tapping , of Uvedale Road , South Bank , Middlesbrough , had denied .
mr justice kennedy ordered there should be a not guilty verdict to the [tried] murder charge which tapping , of uvedale road , south bank , middlesbrough , had denied .

Mrs Duffy 's son Lee , 26 , of Durham Road , Eston , a former boxer and nightclub bouncer , was the victim of an alleged attempted murder in The Commercial pub , Middlesbrough on April 26 last year .
mrs duffy 's son lee , 26 , of durham road , eston , a former boxer and nightclub bouncer , was the victim of an alleged [tried] murder in the commercial pub , middlesbrough on april 26 last year .

Man accused of attempted murder Neil Wilson , 26 , of Bardon Court , South Shields , appeared before South Shields magistrates yesterday charged with the attempted murder of Martin Elliott , 24 , of Calf Close House , Jarrow .
man accused of [tried] murder neil wilson , 26 , of bardon court , south shields , appeared before south shields magistrates yesterday charged with the [tried] murder of martin elliott , 24 , of calf close house , jarrow .

Wild , also of Park Avenue , Teesville , admitted a second burglary and an attempted burglary .
wild , also of park avenue , teesville , admitted a second burglary and an [tried] burglary .

More than 40 detectives were assigned to the cases after the attempted murder of Candice last June .
more than 40 detectives were assigned to the cases after the [tried] murder of candice last june .

Geoffrey Street , of Leahurst , Coronation Drive , Widnes is alleged to have attempted to rob shop assistant Rosalind Hughes at Hatchards bookshop , Watergate Street , Chester , on Thursday .
geoffrey street , of leahurst , coronation drive , widnes is alleged to have [tried] to rob shop assistant rosalind hughes at hatchards bookshop , watergate street , chester , on thursday .

Redmond denied attempted murder but admitted wounding with intent .
redmond denied [tried] murder but admitted wounding with intent .

They attempted to demonstrate how the Spanish influence was absorbed into the Andean vision of the world and they achieved considerable success .
they [tried] to demonstrate how the spanish influence was absorbed into the andean vision of the world and they achieved considerable success .

Suspended jail sentence for doctor who attempted murder
suspended jail sentence for doctor who [tried] murder

On a former World War One airfield at Rendcombe in Gloucestershire , 2 pilots and 2 wingwalkers prepared for stunt never before attempted in Britain , exchanging a 7ft baton at 5,000 feet , while one of them hung upside down .
on a former world war one airfield at rendcombe in gloucestershire , 2 pilots and 2 wingwalkers prepared for stunt never before [tried] in britain , exchanging a 7ft baton at 5,000 feet , while one of them hung upside down .

Meanwhile , a nineteen year old has appeared in court charged with murder and attempted murder .
meanwhile , a nineteen year old has appeared in court charged with murder and [tried] murder .

2 men , Paul Bryant , aged 29 , and who 'd lived in Cheltenham before the robbery , and Mark Cunnliffe , also 29 , from Derby , are accused of robbery , attempted murder , and possessing a firearm .
2 men , paul bryant , aged 29 , and who 'd lived in cheltenham before the robbery , and mark cunnliffe , also 29 , from derby , are accused of robbery , [tried] murder , and possessing a firearm .

He was struck on the back of the head by one attacker while another attempted to snatch money from his pockets .
he was struck on the back of the head by one attacker while another [tried] to snatch money from his pockets .

When the man attempted to leave he was assaulted and suffered face and leg injuries .
when the man [tried] to leave he was assaulted and suffered face and leg injuries .

In wake of attempted bomb attack … Pub owner vows he will not give in to threats
in wake of [tried] bomb attack … pub owner vows he will not give in to threats

Mr Eddie Philips , proprietor of the Jolly Judge , said neither his staff nor himself would be put off by any threats despite the attempted bombing at his premises last Wednesday .
mr eddie philips , proprietor of the jolly judge , said neither his staff nor himself would be put off by any threats despite the [tried] bombing at his premises last wednesday .

Attempted murder : information sought
[tried] murder : information sought

He attempted to dribble a Stephen Brown back-pass from out of his goal area but the ball broke for Ferris who chipped it to the far post where the lurking McBride made it four with a diving header .
he [tried] to dribble a stephen brown back-pass from out of his goal area but the ball broke for ferris who chipped it to the far post where the lurking mcbride made it four with a diving header .

Now the Big Daddy of them all … the astonishing revelation that the Georgians had attempted to bribe Turkish match officials prior to the first leg game .
now the big daddy of them all … the astonishing revelation that the georgians had [tried] to bribe turkish match officials prior to the first leg game .

Police are expected to charge a father with attempted murder after his fifteen month old son was found stabbed in his cot .
police are expected to charge a father with [tried] murder after his fifteen month old son was found stabbed in his cot .

But this afternoon Judge Mrs Justice Steel directed the jury to find Loveridge not guilty of attempted murder , robbery and various firearms offences saying , in law , there was insufficient evidence to safely convict .
but this afternoon judge mrs justice steel directed the jury to find loveridge not guilty of [tried] murder , robbery and various firearms offences saying , in law , there was insufficient evidence to safely convict .

He denies all offences , including attempted murder .
he denies all offences , including [tried] murder .

It 's claimed the pair then escaped to Streetshome at Lexton House in Middleton Cheney , but both were found out two days later when they attempted to buy antiques and jewellery with used notes which had been marked .
it 's claimed the pair then escaped to streetshome at lexton house in middleton cheney , but both were found out two days later when they [tried] to buy antiques and jewellery with used notes which had been marked .

And having done that daunting task , he then attempted the even more daunting task of putting all this information together into this enormous book , and it is , as you see before you , a very hefty tome .
and having done that daunting task , he then [tried] the even more daunting task of putting all this information together into this enormous book , and it is , as you see before you , a very hefty tome .

The Government has always attempted to increase the choice in housing .
the government has always [tried] to increase the choice in housing .

He 'd been in custody since early February accused of attempted robbery .
he 'd been in custody since early february accused of [tried] robbery .

Among the situational factors influencing variation , it is possible to pick out some which could be described as stylistic , and many linguists have attempted to produce frameworks for the analysis of style in language .
among the situational factors influencing variation , it is possible to pick out some which could be described as stylistic , and many linguists have [tried] to produce frameworks for the analysis of style in language .

Initially , just two of the canoeists capsized but a third also got into difficulties after he and two colleagues attempted to rescue their friends .
initially , just two of the canoeists capsized but a third also got into difficulties after he and two colleagues [tried] to rescue their friends .

As a result , many are still burdened by this attempted avoidance , not evasion , of tax .
as a result , many are still burdened by this [tried] avoidance , not evasion , of tax .

Initially just two of the canoeists capsized but a third also got into difficulties after he and two colleagues attempted a rescue .
initially just two of the canoeists capsized but a third also got into difficulties after he and two colleagues [tried] a rescue .

My opinion at the time was that Saunders had committed the foul , but it must be said that there appeared nothing malicious about the way he attempted to gain possession .
my opinion at the time was that saunders had committed the foul , but it must be said that there appeared nothing malicious about the way he [tried] to gain possession .

Lib Dem councillors and the Liverpool Labour group joined forces in a frequently altered amendment which was still being thrashed out as councillors attempted to debate the issue at a special education meeting .
lib dem councillors and the liverpool labour group joined forces in a frequently altered amendment which was still being thrashed out as councillors [tried] to debate the issue at a special education meeting .

But Mr Abramson , who used to work in the clothing business , said he suffered chest pains because of the shock of the attempted robbery .
but mr abramson , who used to work in the clothing business , said he suffered chest pains because of the shock of the [tried] robbery .

Michael Moloney attempted to make all the running on the 5-4 favourite but lost the initiative four out to Interim Lib .
michael moloney [tried] to make all the running on the 5-4 favourite but lost the initiative four out to interim lib .

In desperation he attempted at dawn on the 27th to throw a force across the Meuse at Samogneux , but the attackers were caught up on wire entanglements hidden beneath the flooded river .
in desperation he [tried] at dawn on the 27th to throw a force across the meuse at samogneux , but the attackers were caught up on wire entanglements hidden beneath the flooded river .

There was that staunch anti-militarist , socialist and crypto-anarchist , Anatole France , ( having attempted to enlist , aged seventy ) resuming his seat among the Conservatives of the Académie which he had abandoned shortly after the Affair .
there was that staunch anti-militarist , socialist and crypto-anarchist , anatole france , ( having [tried] to enlist , aged seventy ) resuming his seat among the conservatives of the académie which he had abandoned shortly after the affair .

More recent work has attempted to allow for the fact that holders of money balances may switch into a whole spectrum of assets , such as equities , trade bills and certificates of deposit .
more recent work has [tried] to allow for the fact that holders of money balances may switch into a whole spectrum of assets , such as equities , trade bills and certificates of deposit .

Keynesians , on the other hand , attempted to show that a competitive economy , even with completely flexible wages and prices , would not be likely to achieve full employment automatically .
keynesians , on the other hand , [tried] to show that a competitive economy , even with completely flexible wages and prices , would not be likely to achieve full employment automatically .

Alcohol Recovery Project had attempted to make Bottomley reverse her decision in court by seeking an order for consultation .
alcohol recovery project had [tried] to make bottomley reverse her decision in court by seeking an order for consultation .

These phases need not occur in this order ; objections may be raised during presentation , or during negotiation or a trial close may be attempted at any point during the presentation if buyer interest is high .
these phases need not occur in this order ; objections may be raised during presentation , or during negotiation or a trial close may be [tried] at any point during the presentation if buyer interest is high .

Usually it will be attempted after the selling process is well under way , and the salesperson judges that only one objection remains .
usually it will be [tried] after the selling process is well under way , and the salesperson judges that only one objection remains .

Similarly , an attempted close may put the Japanese in a position where they are concerned for the seller 's loss of face if the answer is to be negative .
similarly , an [tried] close may put the japanese in a position where they are concerned for the seller 's loss of face if the answer is to be negative .

Never attempted ?
never [tried] ?

As Anderson attempted to free it , the animal lashed out with its powerful hind legs .
as anderson [tried] to free it , the animal lashed out with its powerful hind legs .

In 1981 , 323 players attempted to qualify for 65 Tour Cards .
in 1981 , 323 players [tried] to qualify for 65 tour cards .

They also both attempted to obtain Tour Cards last year and failed , but neither have relaxed despite being prevented from returning to amateur competition during the past year .
they also both [tried] to obtain tour cards last year and failed , but neither have relaxed despite being prevented from returning to amateur competition during the past year .

The Selmer/Adams polyester was rock hard , and thick , and many of those who attempted a quick refinish ( thanks Jimi ! )
the selmer/adams polyester was rock hard , and thick , and many of those who [tried] a quick refinish ( thanks jimi ! )

If everything we attempted succeeded first time , what challenges would be left ?
if everything we [tried] succeeded first time , what challenges would be left ?

Followers of Gandhi explicitly maintain that he was essentially a practical man with no concern for metaphysics or philosophical speculation , yet it is clear that whenever he attempted to explain what he meant by Truth he was involved in metaphysical speculation whether he or his followers realized it or not .
followers of gandhi explicitly maintain that he was essentially a practical man with no concern for metaphysics or philosophical speculation , yet it is clear that whenever he [tried] to explain what he meant by truth he was involved in metaphysical speculation whether he or his followers realized it or not .

He would soon use these newly acquired talents in the play Jimmy Shine , but the only time in which he has attempted to sing on film were in his two biggest turkeys — Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me ?
he would soon use these newly acquired talents in the play jimmy shine , but the only time in which he has [tried] to sing on film were in his two biggest turkeys — who is harry kellerman and why is he saying those terrible things about me ?

Tamar obviously had no knowledge that the man who had attempted to rape her was working on her husband 's estate .
tamar obviously had no knowledge that the man who had [tried] to rape her was working on her husband 's estate .

But few of their efforts in the field of development were blessed with success , and this contributed to the erroneous impression that nothing was attempted .
but few of their efforts in the field of development were blessed with success , and this contributed to the erroneous impression that nothing was [tried] .

Some boys simply gave up the struggle for power , or scarcely attempted it .
some boys simply gave up the struggle for power , or scarcely [tried] it .

In this case he was carrying the task of soul renovation up to an altogether dizzier level of risk and aspiration than had hitherto been attempted .
in this case he was carrying the task of soul renovation up to an altogether dizzier level of risk and aspiration than had hitherto been [tried] .

’ This was a very different type of nationalism from that which had produced the United States of America , and one which it is not easy to explain , as has sometimes been attempted , in terms of Gandhi 's attachment to traditional Hindu notions of self-purification .
’ this was a very different type of nationalism from that which had produced the united states of america , and one which it is not easy to explain , as has sometimes been [tried] , in terms of gandhi 's attachment to traditional hindu notions of self-purification .

In 1989 a Private Member 's Bill attempted to bring television under the Obscene Publications Act , while widening the legal definition of obscenity .
in 1989 a private member 's bill [tried] to bring television under the obscene publications act , while widening the legal definition of obscenity .

As a result , the Victorians attempted to ban both prostitution and pornography .
as a result , the victorians [tried] to ban both prostitution and pornography .

If such discouragement had been heeded , penicillin would never have been discovered , Florence Nightingale would have stayed home with her tatting and Hannibal would not have attempted to take elephants across the Alps .
if such discouragement had been heeded , penicillin would never have been discovered , florence nightingale would have stayed home with her tatting and hannibal would not have [tried] to take elephants across the alps .

Even if you 've never attempted embroidery before you 'll find this tablecloth easy to make . Using simple cross-stitch the tartan-inspired design can be worked quickly so you 'll see the results in next to no time
even if you 've never [tried] embroidery before you 'll find this tablecloth easy to make . using simple cross-stitch the tartan-inspired design can be worked quickly so you 'll see the results in next to no time

The luthier , Tony Rockett attempted to track down a new steel rod for my bass , only to discover that nobody in this country supplies Warwick spares .
the luthier , tony rockett [tried] to track down a new steel rod for my bass , only to discover that nobody in this country supplies warwick spares .

If one attempted to present a computer with more than one program at a time , it would be unable to deal with the situation and would indicate that an error had been made .
if one [tried] to present a computer with more than one program at a time , it would be unable to deal with the situation and would indicate that an error had been made .

Schussler attempted , with his salts , to simplify homoeopathy to make it easier to practise , but his concept of deficiency disease has not been validated and his ideas are not in line with classical homoeopathic principles .
schussler [tried] , with his salts , to simplify homoeopathy to make it easier to practise , but his concept of deficiency disease has not been validated and his ideas are not in line with classical homoeopathic principles .

Staw and Szwajkowski attempted to test the following hypothesis : ‘ when the organization is located within a scarce environment , one method of coping with intra- and extra-organizational demands may be to perform activities which are legally questionable … the more scarce the environment of a business organization , the more likely it will engage in activities which are considered unfair market practices or restraints of trade ’ ( 1975 : 346–47 ) .
staw and szwajkowski [tried] to test the following hypothesis : ‘ when the organization is located within a scarce environment , one method of coping with intra- and extra-organizational demands may be to perform activities which are legally questionable … the more scarce the environment of a business organization , the more likely it will engage in activities which are considered unfair market practices or restraints of trade ’ ( 1975 : 346–47 ) .

This belief is firmly backed up by the experience of the West German government when in 1965 it attempted to bring criminal charges against nine Chemie Grunenthal executives who were indicted for causing bodily harm and involuntary manslaughter in connection with the drug thalidomide .
this belief is firmly backed up by the experience of the west german government when in 1965 it [tried] to bring criminal charges against nine chemie grunenthal executives who were indicted for causing bodily harm and involuntary manslaughter in connection with the drug thalidomide .

Hopkins argued that much of this type of corporate crime ( violation of consumer laws ) could be viewed as a breakdown in communication or organizational procedures , and he attempted to see if , as a result of being fined , these companies made any effort to locate the flawed chain of information and correct it .
hopkins argued that much of this type of corporate crime ( violation of consumer laws ) could be viewed as a breakdown in communication or organizational procedures , and he [tried] to see if , as a result of being fined , these companies made any effort to locate the flawed chain of information and correct it .

For some , the crime may even pay : thus in the Goodrich disc-brake scandal of the late 1960s , when the company attempted to foist a defective brake-disc system on to a customer who happened to be too clever to be deceived , two of the main executives involved were later promoted ( Vandivier 1972 : 33 ) .
for some , the crime may even pay : thus in the goodrich disc-brake scandal of the late 1960s , when the company [tried] to foist a defective brake-disc system on to a customer who happened to be too clever to be deceived , two of the main executives involved were later promoted ( vandivier 1972 : 33 ) .

However , anyone attempted to interpret Andy 's vitriolic sneering in ‘ It 's Not What You Know ’ as his reaction to a year of bitter wrangling and stifled potential should think again .
however , anyone [tried] to interpret andy 's vitriolic sneering in ‘ it 's not what you know ’ as his reaction to a year of bitter wrangling and stifled potential should think again .

As he tried to leave the field the ball suddenly dropped at his feet and he attempted a long-range crossfield pass aimed at Gordon Strachan .
as he tried to leave the field the ball suddenly dropped at his feet and he [tried] a long-range crossfield pass aimed at gordon strachan .

Too true and how many attempted coups have gone wrong and the cash has been lost without any question of an inquiry .
too true and how many [tried] coups have gone wrong and the cash has been lost without any question of an inquiry .

Had we agreed to medication being withheld , could the doctor or the nurses have been charged with attempted murder ?
had we agreed to medication being withheld , could the doctor or the nurses have been charged with [tried] murder ?

Name the doctor given a suspended prison sentence for the attempted murder of a dying patient .
name the doctor given a suspended prison sentence for the [tried] murder of a dying patient .

None to date have attempted to do this .
none to date have [tried] to do this .

The 26-way tree structure gave very fast search times , but memory requirements were almost unmanageable especially if the process was to be attempted on a small personal computer .
the 26-way tree structure gave very fast search times , but memory requirements were almost unmanageable especially if the process was to be [tried] on a small personal computer .

There is a theoretical distinction between ( 1 ) a misspelling and ( 2 ) a mis-recognition , but the results from recognition will not enable us to distinguish between them , and indeed they can be treated similarly for attempted correction .
there is a theoretical distinction between ( 1 ) a misspelling and ( 2 ) a mis-recognition , but the results from recognition will not enable us to distinguish between them , and indeed they can be treated similarly for [tried] correction .

Given the problems explained above , it may be difficult , and in some cases counter-productive to attempt any correction of errors within our system , however initial investigations suggest there may be particular situations where correction can be attempted and is in fact useful to improve recognition rates .
given the problems explained above , it may be difficult , and in some cases counter-productive to attempt any correction of errors within our system , however initial investigations suggest there may be particular situations where correction can be [tried] and is in fact useful to improve recognition rates .

Without knowledge of the particular type of error , any attempted correction is bound to give the incorrect solution in some cases , but more detailed investigation is necessary to establish whether this proportion is significant .
without knowledge of the particular type of error , any [tried] correction is bound to give the incorrect solution in some cases , but more detailed investigation is necessary to establish whether this proportion is significant .

‘ He attempted to make a swing , but appeared to be someone who does n't play the game . ’
‘ he [tried] to make a swing , but appeared to be someone who does n't play the game . ’

Alan , from Hatfield , Herts , watched Fallon , 35 , being jailed for attempted murder at the Old Bailey .
alan , from hatfield , herts , watched fallon , 35 , being jailed for [tried] murder at the old bailey .

The officer , who carried on to arrest a man suspected of an attempted bank raid , was in hospital yesterday .
the officer , who carried on to arrest a man suspected of an [tried] bank raid , was in hospital yesterday .

Speaking by its swimming pool , playboy Count de Beaumont said Mellor never attempted to pay for anything during the 1990 holiday .
speaking by its swimming pool , playboy count de beaumont said mellor never [tried] to pay for anything during the 1990 holiday .

Yesterday jobless James , 34 , of Middlesbrough , was fined £100 by Teesside magistrates for attempted theft .
yesterday jobless james , 34 , of middlesbrough , was fined £100 by teesside magistrates for [tried] theft .

‘ He was extremely drunk and in a stupor when he attempted the crime — which was never going to work .
‘ he was extremely drunk and in a stupor when he [tried] the crime — which was never going to work .

The boozy juror , who is in his thirties , made his amazing request a minute before the lunch break in an attempted murder trial at Inner London Crown Court .
the boozy juror , who is in his thirties , made his amazing request a minute before the lunch break in an [tried] murder trial at inner london crown court .

Only one in 20 attempted to reason with their youngsters , said the survey , which blamed the recession .
only one in 20 [tried] to reason with their youngsters , said the survey , which blamed the recession .

Three men were later charged with attempted theft at the historic Old Customs House in Hartlepool , Cleveland .
three men were later charged with [tried] theft at the historic old customs house in hartlepool , cleveland .

Hobbins , who surrendered after threatening to kill himself , denies murder , attempted murder and firearms offences .
hobbins , who surrendered after threatening to kill himself , denies murder , [tried] murder and firearms offences .

Cowden , from Kilburn , North London , admitted attempted robbery and was given a suspended two-year prison sentence .
cowden , from kilburn , north london , admitted [tried] robbery and was given a suspended two-year prison sentence .

The article ended : ‘ The prince 's image has been badly damaged and statesman-like behaviour can not compensate for a young wife throwing herself downstairs in an attempted suicide while her husband strides to go out riding .
the article ended : ‘ the prince 's image has been badly damaged and statesman-like behaviour can not compensate for a young wife throwing herself downstairs in an [tried] suicide while her husband strides to go out riding .

The only way around these attempted take-offs was to walk very slowly so that we did n't build up too much ground speed , as airline pilots would say , and stop if Dawn 's wings did open .
the only way around these [tried] take-offs was to walk very slowly so that we did n't build up too much ground speed , as airline pilots would say , and stop if dawn 's wings did open .

The British government has attempted virtually to nullify this definition of military objectives by stating its ‘ understanding ’ that ‘ a specific area of land ’ may be a military objective .
the british government has [tried] virtually to nullify this definition of military objectives by stating its ‘ understanding ’ that ‘ a specific area of land ’ may be a military objective .

No-one can accuse lawyers within the peace movement of failing to seize these opportunities , and yet despite all the energy directed towards establishing that the use — or even possession — of nuclear weapons would be illegal , and drafting treaties and campaigning for their adoption by states , few lawyers have attempted to establish the assumptions on the basis of which this activity takes place .
no-one can accuse lawyers within the peace movement of failing to seize these opportunities , and yet despite all the energy directed towards establishing that the use — or even possession — of nuclear weapons would be illegal , and drafting treaties and campaigning for their adoption by states , few lawyers have [tried] to establish the assumptions on the basis of which this activity takes place .

Chata , their chief , had been shot dead by a bank guard in Wyoming during an attempted hold-up .
chata , their chief , had been shot dead by a bank guard in wyoming during an [tried] hold-up .

The revolutionary assembly which met at Westminster in January and February 1688 attempted , in the Bills of Rights , to legislate for the succession to the Crown after the end of the joint reign of William and Mary .
the revolutionary assembly which met at westminster in january and february 1688 [tried] , in the bills of rights , to legislate for the succession to the crown after the end of the joint reign of william and mary .

The dog seemed just as delighted as his owner . He stood up in his back legs , put his front paws on her shoulders and attempted to remove her make-up with a single lick !
the dog seemed just as delighted as his owner . he stood up in his back legs , put his front paws on her shoulders and [tried] to remove her make-up with a single lick !

So , on a rainy Sunday in June , my husband , sister , brother-in-law and father all attempted to catch the little waif .
so , on a rainy sunday in june , my husband , sister , brother-in-law and father all [tried] to catch the little waif .

Whenever either dog attempted to exert their own will on the family , they were to be ignored .
whenever either dog [tried] to exert their own will on the family , they were to be ignored .

Nobody can say for sure when the earliest purpose-made sparkling wine was produced , but documentary evidence exists to prove that the monks of the abbey of St Hilaire in southern France had intentionally produced sparkling wines as early as 1531 , well over one hundred years before anyone attempted to do so in Champagne .
nobody can say for sure when the earliest purpose-made sparkling wine was produced , but documentary evidence exists to prove that the monks of the abbey of st hilaire in southern france had intentionally produced sparkling wines as early as 1531 , well over one hundred years before anyone [tried] to do so in champagne .

Initially , the vignerons in the south and south-west of France had tried to ignore the louse , but as its crippling devastation spread throughout the vineyards of the major wine regions various methods of eradication were attempted .
initially , the vignerons in the south and south-west of france had tried to ignore the louse , but as its crippling devastation spread throughout the vineyards of the major wine regions various methods of eradication were [tried] .

The American version of the popular film attempted to stay close to the original script but sadly failed to be playable due to slightly dodgy design .
the american version of the popular film [tried] to stay close to the original script but sadly failed to be playable due to slightly dodgy design .

In 1943 , Mark Rothko attempted to deflect the notion that the movement amounted simply to escapism , stating , ‘ We are concerned with primitive myths and symbols that continue to have meaning today … There is no such thing as good painting about nothing .
in 1943 , mark rothko [tried] to deflect the notion that the movement amounted simply to escapism , stating , ‘ we are concerned with primitive myths and symbols that continue to have meaning today … there is no such thing as good painting about nothing .

‘ It is n't easy but it has to be attempted .
‘ it is n't easy but it has to be [tried] .

She thought it unlikely that he would marry again , but nothing between them would change , however many wives entered , or attempted to enter , his life .
she thought it unlikely that he would marry again , but nothing between them would change , however many wives entered , or [tried] to enter , his life .

And the point about the German schemes is that they achieved much more besides because they attempted more : measures of noise , air quality and levels of-street activity have all improved , and there are dramatic specific results , such as Buxtehude 's growth of cycling or Moabit 's greening of the environment .
and the point about the german schemes is that they achieved much more besides because they [tried] more : measures of noise , air quality and levels of-street activity have all improved , and there are dramatic specific results , such as buxtehude 's growth of cycling or moabit 's greening of the environment .

He went back to the small house in which Grégoire lived , and attempted to interview his mother .
he went back to the small house in which grégoire lived , and [tried] to interview his mother .

’ Louise attempted to sound soothing .
’ louise [tried] to sound soothing .

He loosened his collar , attempted to put a ruler between his teeth , and failed .
he loosened his collar , [tried] to put a ruler between his teeth , and failed .

When she saw him she attempted a smile .
when she saw him she [tried] a smile .

Dogs attempted an obstacle course created by Daniella Toomey and Kate Harbon , regular helpers manned a cake stall and Irish wolfhound Boru was inviting visitors to guess his weight .
dogs [tried] an obstacle course created by daniella toomey and kate harbon , regular helpers manned a cake stall and irish wolfhound boru was inviting visitors to guess his weight .

If those boys in Karachi had found an 8 to hook on the scoreboard those 33 long winters ago , instead of rummaging fruitlessly about on all fours , the runs he sought on a misfield from the penultimate ball of the day would never have been attempted .
if those boys in karachi had found an 8 to hook on the scoreboard those 33 long winters ago , instead of rummaging fruitlessly about on all fours , the runs he sought on a misfield from the penultimate ball of the day would never have been [tried] .

Indeed , they lost Gooch , Hick — cheaply again — and Stewart before they were in credit ; but with Smith mixing careworn defence and carefree attack , once pulling Su ' a for six while on one knee as the Samoan attempted some left-arm spin , and Lamb all bustle and energy , English fears were eased going into the last day .
indeed , they lost gooch , hick — cheaply again — and stewart before they were in credit ; but with smith mixing careworn defence and carefree attack , once pulling su ' a for six while on one knee as the samoan [tried] some left-arm spin , and lamb all bustle and energy , english fears were eased going into the last day .

While the balance of power has decisively shifted , it is worth considering some of the educational implications of the transformation this chapter has attempted to describe .
while the balance of power has decisively shifted , it is worth considering some of the educational implications of the transformation this chapter has [tried] to describe .

The work attempted in the classroom was often constrained by exclusive emphasis placed on the examination syllabus , on topics thought to be favoured by the examiners and on the acquisition of examination techniques .
the work [tried] in the classroom was often constrained by exclusive emphasis placed on the examination syllabus , on topics thought to be favoured by the examiners and on the acquisition of examination techniques .

He attempted evading action but it was too late .
he [tried] evading action but it was too late .

More recently studies have attempted to refine their research methodologies so that reviews of this research are much clearer about what we can claim to know and not know about abuse and in particular that it is a much more complex problem than was first thought .
more recently studies have [tried] to refine their research methodologies so that reviews of this research are much clearer about what we can claim to know and not know about abuse and in particular that it is a much more complex problem than was first thought .

More specifically , certain studies have attempted to evaluate treatment strategies that are concerned with sexual abuse .
more specifically , certain studies have [tried] to evaluate treatment strategies that are concerned with sexual abuse .

None of these studies explicitly attempted to identify and evaluate , from the perspective of social workers or parents , when , why and how some types of intervention had beneficial outcomes and others did not .
none of these studies explicitly [tried] to identify and evaluate , from the perspective of social workers or parents , when , why and how some types of intervention had beneficial outcomes and others did not .

It is perhaps particularly ironic that as yet we have no studies which have attempted to evaluate interventions from the point of view of the children themselves .
it is perhaps particularly ironic that as yet we have no studies which have [tried] to evaluate interventions from the point of view of the children themselves .

What is important is that the studies outlined in this section have attempted to gain an insight into day-to-day practice .
what is important is that the studies outlined in this section have [tried] to gain an insight into day-to-day practice .

Later that year a combined army of men led by Sigmar and Dwarfs led by King Kurgan met and defeated a huge horde of Goblins and Orcs as they attempted to cross the Worlds Edge Mountains at the Black Fire Pass .
later that year a combined army of men led by sigmar and dwarfs led by king kurgan met and defeated a huge horde of goblins and orcs as they [tried] to cross the worlds edge mountains at the black fire pass .

The Dwarfs inside Kislev attempted to break out to help Magnus but they were contained and forced back behind the city 's walls .
the dwarfs inside kislev [tried] to break out to help magnus but they were contained and forced back behind the city 's walls .

The pain increased and when he attempted to move his legs the right one went into an agonising cramp that caused his eyes and mouth to open simultaneously .
the pain increased and when he [tried] to move his legs the right one went into an agonising cramp that caused his eyes and mouth to open simultaneously .

In fact it has been one of the most sophisticated projects ever attempted on a building as complex as Terminal 3 .
in fact it has been one of the most sophisticated projects ever [tried] on a building as complex as terminal 3 .

Philip Vining , the Confederation of British Industry 's assistant regional director for East Anglia , said the Chancellor had attempted to ‘ square the circle ’ by seeking to tackle the deficit without endangering recovery .
philip vining , the confederation of british industry 's assistant regional director for east anglia , said the chancellor had [tried] to ‘ square the circle ’ by seeking to tackle the deficit without endangering recovery .

He attempted to preserve from what he called the ‘ growing appetites of sacrilegious cormorants ’ Church revenues which could pay for the education of talented children of poor families .
he [tried] to preserve from what he called the ‘ growing appetites of sacrilegious cormorants ’ church revenues which could pay for the education of talented children of poor families .

Obliged to ask parliament for funds for these expeditions and for his other expenses , the King found that , instead of voting him the customs duties for life , as was normal on the monarch s accession , it attempted to impeach Buckingham for corruption and incompetence .
obliged to ask parliament for funds for these expeditions and for his other expenses , the king found that , instead of voting him the customs duties for life , as was normal on the monarch s accession , it [tried] to impeach buckingham for corruption and incompetence .

The final crisis began when Charles , urged on by the Queen , entered parliament with his armed followers and unsuccessfully attempted to arrest the leaders of the extreme party in the House of Commons .
the final crisis began when charles , urged on by the queen , entered parliament with his armed followers and unsuccessfully [tried] to arrest the leaders of the extreme party in the house of commons .

In the negotiations in which the King now attempted to play off Parliament , Army and Scots against each other , he acted with a degree of duplicity which might have been justified by success ; it was disastrous , however , when his intercepted correspondence revealed the irreconcilable offers which he had made and his intention to go back on his agreements .
in the negotiations in which the king now [tried] to play off parliament , army and scots against each other , he acted with a degree of duplicity which might have been justified by success ; it was disastrous , however , when his intercepted correspondence revealed the irreconcilable offers which he had made and his intention to go back on his agreements .

’ Though he attempted a detailed rebuttal , chapter by chapter , Milton himself had to admit that ‘ Some men have by policy accomplished after death that revenge upon their enemies which in life they were not able ’ , and that ‘ they who before hated him for his high government , nay fought against him with displayed banners in the field , now applaud him for the wisest and most religious prince that lived ’ .
’ though he [tried] a detailed rebuttal , chapter by chapter , milton himself had to admit that ‘ some men have by policy accomplished after death that revenge upon their enemies which in life they were not able ’ , and that ‘ they who before hated him for his high government , nay fought against him with displayed banners in the field , now applaud him for the wisest and most religious prince that lived ’ .

The main intention of our book , therefore , is to re-examine their lives and works in a manner not previously attempted , combining the expertise of the literary critic and the professional psychologist , in order to show how their creativity and their tendency to psychosis shaped and influenced each other .
the main intention of our book , therefore , is to re-examine their lives and works in a manner not previously [tried] , combining the expertise of the literary critic and the professional psychologist , in order to show how their creativity and their tendency to psychosis shaped and influenced each other .

In 1943 , Mark Rothko attempted to deflect the notion that the movement amounted simply to escapism , stating , ‘ We are concerned with primitive myths and symbols that continue to have meaning today … There is no such thing as good painting about nothing .
in 1943 , mark rothko [tried] to deflect the notion that the movement amounted simply to escapism , stating , ‘ we are concerned with primitive myths and symbols that continue to have meaning today … there is no such thing as good painting about nothing .

It was obvious that the visiting backs wanted to run the ball with what crumbs came their way but were foolhardy when an attempted break out of defence ten metres from the line resulted in a five-metre scrum .
it was obvious that the visiting backs wanted to run the ball with what crumbs came their way but were foolhardy when an [tried] break out of defence ten metres from the line resulted in a five-metre scrum .

Instead , they snatched extra time in the 80th minute when Cork got a touch onto Glyn Hodges ' cross and as a defender attempted to clear , the ball was driven against Ward and back past a helpless Mimms .
instead , they snatched extra time in the 80th minute when cork got a touch onto glyn hodges ' cross and as a defender [tried] to clear , the ball was driven against ward and back past a helpless mimms .

The dogma is of absolutes , the lifestyle is of attempted purity and the zealot is subject to continuous derision .
the dogma is of absolutes , the lifestyle is of [tried] purity and the zealot is subject to continuous derision .

We have fallen into an ageist trap and attempted to generalise and to stereotype .
we have fallen into an ageist trap and [tried] to generalise and to stereotype .

Abrams attempted to account for some of the striking variations in ‘ neighbour behaviour ’ which he found in different areas .
abrams [tried] to account for some of the striking variations in ‘ neighbour behaviour ’ which he found in different areas .

Neither of these were attempted , and now the war is over for the people of Cerska .
neither of these were [tried] , and now the war is over for the people of cerska .

Scotland Yard , who did not give ages , addresses or occupations of the two men , said Taylor was also charged with the attempted murder of Pc Philip Thorne in Walford Road on Tuesday .
scotland yard , who did not give ages , addresses or occupations of the two men , said taylor was also charged with the [tried] murder of pc philip thorne in walford road on tuesday .

Nobody is denying that Mr Steward has attempted to landscape and improve aspects of his farm .
nobody is denying that mr steward has [tried] to landscape and improve aspects of his farm .

Security manager Kenneth Gillespie , 46 , of The Slades , Basildon , was convicted of attempted murder and making a threat to kill .
security manager kenneth gillespie , 46 , of the slades , basildon , was convicted of [tried] murder and making a threat to kill .

The crimes included three attempted thefts at Siwards Road , three in Sparkeys Close and two in Allectus Way .
the crimes included three [tried] thefts at siwards road , three in sparkeys close and two in allectus way .

Casabona , of no fixed address , denies kidnapping , attempted murder and administering poison with intent on March 20 last year .
casabona , of no fixed address , denies kidnapping , [tried] murder and administering poison with intent on march 20 last year .

Catering students also tested out their waitering and waitressing skills as they attempted to deliver trays on the back of a human ‘ camel ’ .
catering students also tested out their waitering and waitressing skills as they [tried] to deliver trays on the back of a human ‘ camel ’ .

He attempted to bring Nahaman 's murderers to justice .
he [tried] to bring nahaman 's murderers to justice .

The group had held a press conference two days earlier at which they called on the Fourth Communist Party Congress ( Cuarto Congreso del Partido Comunista ) to instigate radical political reforms and also attempted to distribute a statement to this effect to Congress delegates .
the group had held a press conference two days earlier at which they called on the fourth communist party congress ( cuarto congreso del partido comunista ) to instigate radical political reforms and also [tried] to distribute a statement to this effect to congress delegates .

When the same thing is attempted deliberately , however , one turn is usually enough to send the model shooting off at great speed in some totally unexpected direction !
when the same thing is [tried] deliberately , however , one turn is usually enough to send the model shooting off at great speed in some totally unexpected direction !

Stern , who is known for his sometimes brash self-promotion , anchored a television documentary series in the early 1980s , in which he attempted in a Bronowski-like way to explain the ascent of architecture in America .
stern , who is known for his sometimes brash self-promotion , anchored a television documentary series in the early 1980s , in which he [tried] in a bronowski-like way to explain the ascent of architecture in america .

But it is a very long time since anyone attempted a popular history of the left in Britain .
but it is a very long time since anyone [tried] a popular history of the left in britain .

He attempted to stand inconspicuously in a corner but it was useless , for most of the villagers nudged one another and turned to stare in his direction .
he [tried] to stand inconspicuously in a corner but it was useless , for most of the villagers nudged one another and turned to stare in his direction .

With a great effort he attempted to pull his jersey on over his head .
with a great effort he [tried] to pull his jersey on over his head .

Amelia Earhart — American heroic pioneer in aviation whose plane was lost as she attempted the circumnavigation of the earth .
amelia earhart — american heroic pioneer in aviation whose plane was lost as she [tried] the circumnavigation of the earth .

If Roundtree shared annihilation activities with Hayes , then Ron ‘ Superfly ’ O'Neal made mayhem in the company of Curtis Mayfield , Robert ‘ Trouble Man ’ Hooks achieved mass wipeout to the sound of Marvin Gaye , and Max ‘ The Mack ’ Julien attempted all the right sexual and violent moves to the accompaniment of a score by Motown 's Willie Hutch .
if roundtree shared annihilation activities with hayes , then ron ‘ superfly ’ o'neal made mayhem in the company of curtis mayfield , robert ‘ trouble man ’ hooks achieved mass wipeout to the sound of marvin gaye , and max ‘ the mack ’ julien [tried] all the right sexual and violent moves to the accompaniment of a score by motown 's willie hutch .

Ms Hatton suggested that many health workers were wary of becoming involved with those who had attempted suicide because they found the topic ‘ frightening ’ .
ms hatton suggested that many health workers were wary of becoming involved with those who had [tried] suicide because they found the topic ‘ frightening ’ .

‘ Did you have any reason , Mr Quinn , to believe that a person or persons unknown might have attempted to interfere in the ransom exchange , to the effect of endangering the safety of Simon Cormack ? ’
‘ did you have any reason , mr quinn , to believe that a person or persons unknown might have [tried] to interfere in the ransom exchange , to the effect of endangering the safety of simon cormack ? ’

He fought against the United Nations troops in the attempted Katangese secession of nineteen sixty to sixty-two .
he fought against the united nations troops in the [tried] katangese secession of nineteen sixty to sixty-two .

Instead , he has ambitiously attempted an updating of the Biblical myths that have always informed the act of literary creation .
instead , he has ambitiously [tried] an updating of the biblical myths that have always informed the act of literary creation .

Edwards ( 1979 , 16 ) , for example , characterises the situation as one where for most of the twentieth century management have met ‘ chronic resistance to their effort to compel production ’ and consequently ‘ have attempted to organize production in such a way as to minimise opportunities for resistance and even to alter workers ’ perceptions of the desirability of opposition ’ .
edwards ( 1979 , 16 ) , for example , characterises the situation as one where for most of the twentieth century management have met ‘ chronic resistance to their effort to compel production ’ and consequently ‘ have [tried] to organize production in such a way as to minimise opportunities for resistance and even to alter workers ’ perceptions of the desirability of opposition ’ .

He argues that management has developed a range of responses and has attempted to maintain control through the use of industrial relations procedures , through bureaucratic rules which channel conflict into manageable and acceptable ways , and especially through the use of internal labour markets and dual labour markets which divide and segment the working class .
he argues that management has developed a range of responses and has [tried] to maintain control through the use of industrial relations procedures , through bureaucratic rules which channel conflict into manageable and acceptable ways , and especially through the use of internal labour markets and dual labour markets which divide and segment the working class .

In others , as in the Scandinavian case and the optical factory described by Wilkinson ( 1983 ) , management have deliberately reduced the tightness of their control and attempted to enhance skill levels .
in others , as in the scandinavian case and the optical factory described by wilkinson ( 1983 ) , management have deliberately reduced the tightness of their control and [tried] to enhance skill levels .

No one had asked how they were coping , or attempted to offer at the very least a listening ear .
no one had asked how they were coping , or [tried] to offer at the very least a listening ear .

There were several other matters of concern , and they attempted to hold discussions , or to get answers to their questions .
there were several other matters of concern , and they [tried] to hold discussions , or to get answers to their questions .

There was an earlier fatal accident during an attempted forced landing by a Tomahowk near Walthomstow where an identical unit failed , resulting in severe smoke from the epoxy resin used in the encapsulated unit .
there was an earlier fatal accident during an [tried] forced landing by a tomahowk near walthomstow where an identical unit failed , resulting in severe smoke from the epoxy resin used in the encapsulated unit .

Described as ‘ two-thirds a god and one-third a mortal ’ , Gilgamesh attempted to achieve immortality by seeking and harvesting a briar plant which grew beneath the ocean .
described as ‘ two-thirds a god and one-third a mortal ’ , gilgamesh [tried] to achieve immortality by seeking and harvesting a briar plant which grew beneath the ocean .

Attempted to advise Thatcher on the situation in the Middle East while on a secret retainer from a Lebanese company .
[tried] to advise thatcher on the situation in the middle east while on a secret retainer from a lebanese company .

Our advice for the first launch is — hands together , arms outstretched ( but never above your head as is so often attempted by first time flyers ) and as the kite rises , sustain an even line tension .
our advice for the first launch is — hands together , arms outstretched ( but never above your head as is so often [tried] by first time flyers ) and as the kite rises , sustain an even line tension .

But for all the attempted value and variety of their pop it can sound obvious and predictable , just like Gang Of Four sometimes do .
but for all the [tried] value and variety of their pop it can sound obvious and predictable , just like gang of four sometimes do .

Did n't we see David Thomas off last time he attempted a comeback ?
did n't we see david thomas off last time he [tried] a comeback ?

Needless to say , the Earl of Dunbar , as chief Scots Warden , had never attempted to retake it .
needless to say , the earl of dunbar , as chief scots warden , had never [tried] to retake it .

Beacons were kept ablaze along the walls protecting the harbour and adjacent coastline in case of any infiltration attempt by boat , from the English ships out there for instance ; but so far nothing such appeared to have been attempted .
beacons were kept ablaze along the walls protecting the harbour and adjacent coastline in case of any infiltration attempt by boat , from the english ships out there for instance ; but so far nothing such appeared to have been [tried] .

The Native Recruiting Corporation of the Chamber of Mines in South Africa attempted to divert African opinion away from what it regarded as dangerous channels by its Umteteli wa Bantu ( ‘ Voice of the people ’ ) , which first appeared in 1921 .
the native recruiting corporation of the chamber of mines in south africa [tried] to divert african opinion away from what it regarded as dangerous channels by its umteteli wa bantu ( ‘ voice of the people ’ ) , which first appeared in 1921 .

We have attempted to look at the three critical institutions of the corporate state and to examine their legitimacy in Christian terms .
we have [tried] to look at the three critical institutions of the corporate state and to examine their legitimacy in christian terms .

On Saturday the company again attempted to drill and the Glenleighan Committee went to the site and reiterated their position .
on saturday the company again [tried] to drill and the glenleighan committee went to the site and reiterated their position .

Four days later , Raybestos ' managing director , Ted Deane , accompanied by 12 gardai , met a human barrier of some 60 men , women and children when he attempted to gain access to the Barnahely dump , all of whom refused to accept copies of the interlocutory injunction .
four days later , raybestos ' managing director , ted deane , accompanied by 12 gardai , met a human barrier of some 60 men , women and children when he [tried] to gain access to the barnahely dump , all of whom refused to accept copies of the interlocutory injunction .

He attempted it once at St Mungo 's tomb , in the crypt of the cathedral , to whose depths they had finally descended together ; as a rule their outings were to Glasgow Green , if it was fine , or if it rained , the sitting-room , with Ellen the maid in constant attendance .
he [tried] it once at st mungo 's tomb , in the crypt of the cathedral , to whose depths they had finally descended together ; as a rule their outings were to glasgow green , if it was fine , or if it rained , the sitting-room , with ellen the maid in constant attendance .

Nathan blushed and stammered , returning his gaze to where she herself lay ; she was , he wanted to say , the loveliest thing he had ever seen , and could not they name the baby after her ? He attempted that , but Dinah frowned .
nathan blushed and stammered , returning his gaze to where she herself lay ; she was , he wanted to say , the loveliest thing he had ever seen , and could not they name the baby after her ? he [tried] that , but dinah frowned .

‘ If we attempted to remove it , ’ he said to her , ‘ it would have to be done under anaesthetic .
‘ if we [tried] to remove it , ’ he said to her , ‘ it would have to be done under anaesthetic .

With the College of Arms hindering the grant of a new charter to the Upholders ' Company in 1722 , some London undertakers attempted to form their own livery company .
with the college of arms hindering the grant of a new charter to the upholders ' company in 1722 , some london undertakers [tried] to form their own livery company .

Complete your attempted number and circle the other way .
complete your [tried] number and circle the other way .

They are very gentle and , as the muscles regain their strength , you can increase the number of times they tummy strengthener exercises can be attempted .
they are very gentle and , as the muscles regain their strength , you can increase the number of times they tummy strengthener exercises can be [tried] .

General Alexander and his troops carried out a magnificent fighting retreat and held up the Japanese advance until the rains broke , thus saving four months ' valuable time in which preparations could be made to repel the Japs if they attempted to invade India .
general alexander and his troops carried out a magnificent fighting retreat and held up the japanese advance until the rains broke , thus saving four months ' valuable time in which preparations could be made to repel the japs if they [tried] to invade india .

If you are working through this book in a systematic manner , you will already have attempted the Dubbingtons case and compared your response with our suggested ‘ answer ’ at the back of the book .
if you are working through this book in a systematic manner , you will already have [tried] the dubbingtons case and compared your response with our suggested ‘ answer ’ at the back of the book .

This was due largely to rationalization programmes which attempted to dispose of the smaller and unprofitable public houses , though these were offset by a continuing commitment to improving the appearance and amenities of the larger remaining houses .
this was due largely to rationalization programmes which [tried] to dispose of the smaller and unprofitable public houses , though these were offset by a continuing commitment to improving the appearance and amenities of the larger remaining houses .

Geisler attempted to bring about a delay in the proceedings on a technicality : the term Cannabis sativa used in the indictments is Latin , and the law required that all indictments should be couched in English .
geisler [tried] to bring about a delay in the proceedings on a technicality : the term cannabis sativa used in the indictments is latin , and the law required that all indictments should be couched in english .

Hays attempted to calm things down , stating that ‘ the unfortunate Mr Reid should be dealt with as a diseased person — not be censured or shunned ’ .
hays [tried] to calm things down , stating that ‘ the unfortunate mr reid should be dealt with as a diseased person — not be censured or shunned ’ .

Where anything resembling an analytic survey was attempted the outcome is prone to reveal more about the background and interests of the author than the matter in hand , describing the aristocracy and gentry in detail while displaying markedly less understanding of the composition and characteristics of the lower orders .
where anything resembling an analytic survey was [tried] the outcome is prone to reveal more about the background and interests of the author than the matter in hand , describing the aristocracy and gentry in detail while displaying markedly less understanding of the composition and characteristics of the lower orders .

If poststructuralism has involved an attempted disruption or reworking of Hegelianism through the detection of its own fissures , it is not by any means unique in such an enterprise .
if poststructuralism has involved an [tried] disruption or reworking of hegelianism through the detection of its own fissures , it is not by any means unique in such an enterprise .

While the criticism that Lévi-Strauss , structuralism emphasizes the synchronic at the expense of the diachronic has assumed the status of a critical truism , this in fact repeats the substance of his critique of Sartre , namely that the latter attempted to transform history into a space of synchronicity .
while the criticism that lévi-strauss , structuralism emphasizes the synchronic at the expense of the diachronic has assumed the status of a critical truism , this in fact repeats the substance of his critique of sartre , namely that the latter [tried] to transform history into a space of synchronicity .

Another would be to say he attempted to theorize the very position that Sartre had fought to get out of .
another would be to say he [tried] to theorize the very position that sartre had fought to get out of .

The accusation that poststructuralism neglects history undoubtedly harks back above all to the work of Althusser who , more than anyone else , appears to have attempted to eliminate history .
the accusation that poststructuralism neglects history undoubtedly harks back above all to the work of althusser who , more than anyone else , appears to have [tried] to eliminate history .

Like Sartre , he sought to constitute Marxism as a form of truth , but attempted to prove its truth not through the dialectic of history but rather as a science , authenticating Marx 's ‘ immense theoretical revolution ’ epistemologically through a demonstration of its scientificity .
like sartre , he sought to constitute marxism as a form of truth , but [tried] to prove its truth not through the dialectic of history but rather as a science , authenticating marx 's ‘ immense theoretical revolution ’ epistemologically through a demonstration of its scientificity .

This schematic characterization , however , does not do justice either to the manner in which they attempted to keep both poles in play at once , nor to the way in which they came to concede the impossibility of the theoretical projects which they undertook .
this schematic characterization , however , does not do justice either to the manner in which they [tried] to keep both poles in play at once , nor to the way in which they came to concede the impossibility of the theoretical projects which they undertook .

Since Sartre and Althusser no one has attempted a new theorization of a Marxist history .
since sartre and althusser no one has [tried] a new theorization of a marxist history .

Derrida has not been concerned to formulate a new philosophy of history ; nor has he attempted to specify new methodologies in the manner of Foucault .
derrida has not been concerned to formulate a new philosophy of history ; nor has he [tried] to specify new methodologies in the manner of foucault .

Describing himself as ‘ very wary of the concept of history ’ , Derrida has rather attempted to shift the problem away from the conceptual analysis of history as an ‘ Idea ’ which , perhaps more than anything else , has proved to be Hegel 's most enduring legacy , towards an analysis of the interstices in the implications of the general system in which it operates .
describing himself as ‘ very wary of the concept of history ’ , derrida has rather [tried] to shift the problem away from the conceptual analysis of history as an ‘ idea ’ which , perhaps more than anything else , has proved to be hegel 's most enduring legacy , towards an analysis of the interstices in the implications of the general system in which it operates .

Even if this appears to have occurred , a deconstructive account will show how such a text had to dissimulate in order to cover over its own openings , or , to put it the other way round , it will show how history must always be organized by an attempted occlusion of its own conditions of historicity .
even if this appears to have occurred , a deconstructive account will show how such a text had to dissimulate in order to cover over its own openings , or , to put it the other way round , it will show how history must always be organized by an [tried] occlusion of its own conditions of historicity .

But poststructuralism precisely does not try to comprehend disintegration , for grasping heterogeneity together is exactly what all totalizing theories have unsuccessfully attempted to do .
but poststructuralism precisely does not try to comprehend disintegration , for grasping heterogeneity together is exactly what all totalizing theories have unsuccessfully [tried] to do .

Two possibilities were developed to deal with man 's new homelessness in the world , his exposure , as Foucault puts it , to the finitude of the event , which attempted to draw all these heterogeneous histories together again : either men sought for some fundamental law through which a new general history could be constituted , or historicity as such was defined in terms of ‘ man ’ — whether as progress , economic laws , or cultural totalities .
two possibilities were developed to deal with man 's new homelessness in the world , his exposure , as foucault puts it , to the finitude of the event , which [tried] to draw all these heterogeneous histories together again : either men sought for some fundamental law through which a new general history could be constituted , or historicity as such was defined in terms of ‘ man ’ — whether as progress , economic laws , or cultural totalities .

Logique du sens causes us to reflect on matters that philosophy has neglected for many centuries : the event ( assimilated in a concept , from which we vainly attempted to extract it in the form of a fact , verifying a proposition , of actual experience , a modality of the subject , of concreteness , the empirical content of history ) ; and the phantasm ( reduced in the name of reality and situated at the extremity , the pathological pole , of a normative sequence : perception-image-memory-illusion ) . After all , what most urgently needs thought in this century , if not the event and the phantasm ?
logique du sens causes us to reflect on matters that philosophy has neglected for many centuries : the event ( assimilated in a concept , from which we vainly [tried] to extract it in the form of a fact , verifying a proposition , of actual experience , a modality of the subject , of concreteness , the empirical content of history ) ; and the phantasm ( reduced in the name of reality and situated at the extremity , the pathological pole , of a normative sequence : perception-image-memory-illusion ) . after all , what most urgently needs thought in this century , if not the event and the phantasm ?

Many of them attempted to challenge mainstream or ‘ dominant ’ culture .
many of them [tried] to challenge mainstream or ‘ dominant ’ culture .

‘ Are you trying to frighten me ? ’ Lord John attempted to pass the conversation off lightly .
‘ are you trying to frighten me ? ’ lord john [tried] to pass the conversation off lightly .

Rebecque attempted to tell the Prince how his troops were deployed , but the Prince was too restless merely to listen .
rebecque [tried] to tell the prince how his troops were deployed , but the prince was too restless merely to listen .

The master took the opportunity to complain further to the Board that on several occasions he had drawn the medical officer 's attention to an inmate , William Sabey , who was at times a danger to others and had attempted to stab the labour master .
the master took the opportunity to complain further to the board that on several occasions he had drawn the medical officer 's attention to an inmate , william sabey , who was at times a danger to others and had [tried] to stab the labour master .

About forty years before the present day , Belegar attempted to break the deadlock with aid from the north .
about forty years before the present day , belegar [tried] to break the deadlock with aid from the north .

Some feminists have also used Lacanian psychoanalysis to try to make marxist theories of class take gender and subjectivity more seriously , and have attempted integrated accounts of these different areas of experience .
some feminists have also used lacanian psychoanalysis to try to make marxist theories of class take gender and subjectivity more seriously , and have [tried] integrated accounts of these different areas of experience .

She tried to tear off the balaclava , but it was tied around the neck , so in her shame and fear she attempted to shield her body with her handcuffed arms .
she tried to tear off the balaclava , but it was tied around the neck , so in her shame and fear she [tried] to shield her body with her handcuffed arms .

The High Mages of the Elves attempted to stop them , but such was the power of the Witch King 's magic that he slowly and inexorably gained the upper hand .
the high mages of the elves [tried] to stop them , but such was the power of the witch king 's magic that he slowly and inexorably gained the upper hand .

In the short run it attempted to detach itself from its ‘ extremist ’ wing — more properly , those sections of the Labour Party which the right-wing popular press considered extreme — on the grounds that the ‘ loony left ’ cost it electoral votes .
in the short run it [tried] to detach itself from its ‘ extremist ’ wing — more properly , those sections of the labour party which the right-wing popular press considered extreme — on the grounds that the ‘ loony left ’ cost it electoral votes .

Recent commentaries on the mass media derived from within the broad Marxist tradition have attempted to move away from the simplistic view of the mass media as mere relay systems ; a view which implicitly suggests that the study of the mass media is not problematic since their ownership ( usually by large corporations ) pre-determines the nature of their work .
recent commentaries on the mass media derived from within the broad marxist tradition have [tried] to move away from the simplistic view of the mass media as mere relay systems ; a view which implicitly suggests that the study of the mass media is not problematic since their ownership ( usually by large corporations ) pre-determines the nature of their work .

Its intentions were not borne out , perhaps could not be borne out , because it attempted to find a niche within a competitive industry without engaging in the sort of competition which guaranteed its rivals , success .
its intentions were not borne out , perhaps could not be borne out , because it [tried] to find a niche within a competitive industry without engaging in the sort of competition which guaranteed its rivals , success .

As Norton Taylor points out , ‘ administrations have always attempted to present their policies in the best possible light ; to avoid public relations pitfalls ; to coordinate information policy ; and to counter bad news they can do little about … ’ .
as norton taylor points out , ‘ administrations have always [tried] to present their policies in the best possible light ; to avoid public relations pitfalls ; to coordinate information policy ; and to counter bad news they can do little about … ’ .

Messrs Murdoch , Maxwell and Rowland , amongst others , are known to have attempted to exercise control over editorial content .
messrs murdoch , maxwell and rowland , amongst others , are known to have [tried] to exercise control over editorial content .

As the case study of Channel Four ( see below ) amply demonstrates , concerned groups and individuals attempted to keep these services out of the competitive struggle between the two giants of broadcasting in the hope that they would be better able to serve previously excluded minority groups in society .
as the case study of channel four ( see below ) amply demonstrates , concerned groups and individuals [tried] to keep these services out of the competitive struggle between the two giants of broadcasting in the hope that they would be better able to serve previously excluded minority groups in society .

Many candidates all down the line think of headhunters as privileged individuals able to hand out plum jobs willy-nilly to those in their favour ; at the same time — somewhat contradictorily — they regard them as dodgy , cowboy characters who have arrived at their coveted positions in life after having failed at everything else they have attempted .
many candidates all down the line think of headhunters as privileged individuals able to hand out plum jobs willy-nilly to those in their favour ; at the same time — somewhat contradictorily — they regard them as dodgy , cowboy characters who have arrived at their coveted positions in life after having failed at everything else they have [tried] .

Studies like those described by Dean ( 1982 ) , in which he attempted to distinguish between deficits in visual memory and visual object categorization following damage to part of the visual association cortex in rhesus monkeys , would have been unthinkable forty years ago .
studies like those described by dean ( 1982 ) , in which he [tried] to distinguish between deficits in visual memory and visual object categorization following damage to part of the visual association cortex in rhesus monkeys , would have been unthinkable forty years ago .

The temple at Knossos was , so far as we know , the most ambitious building the Minoans attempted .
the temple at knossos was , so far as we know , the most ambitious building the minoans [tried] .

It was a craft that evolved into an art form , as they attempted more and more ambitious shapes in a widening range of materials .
it was a craft that evolved into an art form , as they [tried] more and more ambitious shapes in a widening range of materials .

Both the models and the technical skills were available , so it would be strange if no large statues were attempted .
both the models and the technical skills were available , so it would be strange if no large statues were [tried] .

This insistence , however , does not mesh well with an attempted evolutionary account of language , which it is my concern to sketch .
this insistence , however , does not mesh well with an [tried] evolutionary account of language , which it is my concern to sketch .

But as well as having a novel structure , the theory has an explanatory power quite unlike that of classical economics : for while the latter attempted to explain economic systems as a response to individual needs , Marx accounted for a much wider range of social phenomena in terms of the part they played in a totality .
but as well as having a novel structure , the theory has an explanatory power quite unlike that of classical economics : for while the latter [tried] to explain economic systems as a response to individual needs , marx accounted for a much wider range of social phenomena in terms of the part they played in a totality .

’ Some of his well-wishers have pointed out that it is difficult to use relations as general as these to provide more than schematic explanations , and have attempted to define them more precisely .
’ some of his well-wishers have pointed out that it is difficult to use relations as general as these to provide more than schematic explanations , and have [tried] to define them more precisely .

Among social theorists who have attempted to defuse this type of individualist threat , two principal lines of argument have been followed out .
among social theorists who have [tried] to defuse this type of individualist threat , two principal lines of argument have been followed out .

Darwin 's integration of evolutionary and physiological biology had been attempted , in the 1840s , through pangenesis .
darwin 's integration of evolutionary and physiological biology had been [tried] , in the 1840s , through pangenesis .

In a recent book , Lumsden & Wilson ( 1981 ) attempted to deal with the issue mathematically .
in a recent book , lumsden & wilson ( 1981 ) [tried] to deal with the issue mathematically .

The Ordo Malleus attempted to numerate them !
the ordo malleus [tried] to numerate them !

And even so , she deserved to die for attempted treason .
and even so , she deserved to die for [tried] treason .

As Steve fell Dave attempted to hold him but was unsuccessful and both climbers fell into a sort of avalanche chute .
as steve fell dave [tried] to hold him but was unsuccessful and both climbers fell into a sort of avalanche chute .

Since the course was set up , we have attempted to combine the service and academic elements introduced above .
since the course was set up , we have [tried] to combine the service and academic elements introduced above .

This is the method which we have attempted to follow in our teaching of electronic publishing : using document preparation and hypertext systems to reinforce and practice the underlying ideas being expounded in lectures .
this is the method which we have [tried] to follow in our teaching of electronic publishing : using document preparation and hypertext systems to reinforce and practice the underlying ideas being expounded in lectures .

This argument will be familiar to anyone who has attempted to introduce new concepts to those with skills in an associated ( but simpler ) paradigm .
this argument will be familiar to anyone who has [tried] to introduce new concepts to those with skills in an associated ( but simpler ) paradigm .

The family were observed for a day and it was evident how Mary attempted to dominate her sister at all times .
the family were observed for a day and it was evident how mary [tried] to dominate her sister at all times .

Reminding Management of diurnal enuresis has been attempted with initially asking the parent to remind the child regularly when to go to the lavatory and gradually pass that responsibility on to the child .
reminding management of diurnal enuresis has been [tried] with initially asking the parent to remind the child regularly when to go to the lavatory and gradually pass that responsibility on to the child .

As anyone who has ever attempted it will know , driving nails or picture hooks into a concrete brick wall is not always an easy task — more often than not , you end up with bent nails , and quite possibly , damaged masonry .
as anyone who has ever [tried] it will know , driving nails or picture hooks into a concrete brick wall is not always an easy task — more often than not , you end up with bent nails , and quite possibly , damaged masonry .

The ambiguities and divisions were clear during the euphemistically termed ‘ spiritual pollution ’ campaign ( jingshen wuran yundong ) of 1983 , when the party elders attempted to keep out the ‘ flies ’ they had set free in Chinese society .
the ambiguities and divisions were clear during the euphemistically termed ‘ spiritual pollution ’ campaign ( jingshen wuran yundong ) of 1983 , when the party elders [tried] to keep out the ‘ flies ’ they had set free in chinese society .

During the Cultural Revolution , Mao had attempted to eliminate this ‘ new elite ’ , largely made up of the children of urban intellectuals and well-placed party officials .
during the cultural revolution , mao had [tried] to eliminate this ‘ new elite ’ , largely made up of the children of urban intellectuals and well-placed party officials .

All attempted tantrum behaviour was ignored .
all [tried] tantrum behaviour was ignored .

Chapter 3 described how Skinner attempted to circumvent the thorny problem of mentalistic descriptions of language by insisting that descriptions of language focus on observable language behaviour .
chapter 3 described how skinner [tried] to circumvent the thorny problem of mentalistic descriptions of language by insisting that descriptions of language focus on observable language behaviour .

There are two ways in which researchers and clinicians have attempted to solve this problem .
there are two ways in which researchers and clinicians have [tried] to solve this problem .

In spite of the considerable popularity of Tough 's framework , she has not subjected the specific strategies to a rigorous examination of reliability and , when other researchers have attempted to replicate her work , they have not always been able to demonstrate good agreement between different observers ( Wells 1979 ) .
in spite of the considerable popularity of tough 's framework , she has not subjected the specific strategies to a rigorous examination of reliability and , when other researchers have [tried] to replicate her work , they have not always been able to demonstrate good agreement between different observers ( wells 1979 ) .

While Tough has attempted to provide a set of categories which reflect a broad range of language functions , Blank and her colleagues ( Blank 1973 ; Blank and Franklin 1980 ; Blank et al .
while tough has [tried] to provide a set of categories which reflect a broad range of language functions , blank and her colleagues ( blank 1973 ; blank and franklin 1980 ; blank et al .

The philosophical critique , in varying ways , attempted to undermine the project of the sociology of knowledge by pointing to its at best doubtful , at worst vacuous , epistemological basis .
the philosophical critique , in varying ways , [tried] to undermine the project of the sociology of knowledge by pointing to its at best doubtful , at worst vacuous , epistemological basis .

He attempted to find an alternative grounding for the project in a theory of mind because without it he argued that the ‘ postulational scepticism ’ of Grunwald and others was an effective criticism .
he [tried] to find an alternative grounding for the project in a theory of mind because without it he argued that the ‘ postulational scepticism ’ of grunwald and others was an effective criticism .

Child was unusual amongst philosophers proffering a critique of the sociology of knowledge in accepting limits to philosophical analysis that the sociology of knowledge has attempted to overcome :
child was unusual amongst philosophers proffering a critique of the sociology of knowledge in accepting limits to philosophical analysis that the sociology of knowledge has [tried] to overcome :

The sociologists of knowledge … may well have come to erroneous conclusions ; but they have at least attempted in some measure , to solve the philosophical problem that results from the existence of competitive social-world [ theoretical ] systems .
the sociologists of knowledge … may well have come to erroneous conclusions ; but they have at least [tried] in some measure , to solve the philosophical problem that results from the existence of competitive social-world [ theoretical ] systems .

The tradition of the theory of ideology has attempted this , though with perhaps little effect on practice .
the tradition of the theory of ideology has [tried] this , though with perhaps little effect on practice .

Goldmann attempted to recover an Hegelian ‘ Subject ’ in which history and consciousness are one and his ‘ genetic structuralism , analyses a process of social evolution realized in the material relations described by Marx .
goldmann [tried] to recover an hegelian ‘ subject ’ in which history and consciousness are one and his ‘ genetic structuralism , analyses a process of social evolution realized in the material relations described by marx .

He also refers to research since Saussure that has not necessarily attempted to construct a semiology but has ‘ referred to the problem of meaning : psycho-analysis , structuralism , eidetic psychology , some new types of literary criticism ’ ( Barthes 1973 : 111 ) .
he also refers to research since saussure that has not necessarily [tried] to construct a semiology but has ‘ referred to the problem of meaning : psycho-analysis , structuralism , eidetic psychology , some new types of literary criticism ’ ( barthes 1973 : 111 ) .

The previous three landings attempted using the integral landing skid resulted in three sets of broken rotors !
the previous three landings [tried] using the integral landing skid resulted in three sets of broken rotors !

‘ The suspect attempted to run off but was detained by stallholders .
‘ the suspect [tried] to run off but was detained by stallholders .

Both are also accused of the attempted murder of police constables John Jenkinson , 27 , and Simon Castrey , 27 , allegedly stabbed by Vernage while he was on the run .
both are also accused of the [tried] murder of police constables john jenkinson , 27 , and simon castrey , 27 , allegedly stabbed by vernage while he was on the run .

Vernage denies three murders , two attempted murders , two burglaries and one aggravated burglary .
vernage denies three murders , two [tried] murders , two burglaries and one aggravated burglary .

Grenfell denies the murder of Sergeant King and the attempted murders of PCs Castrey and Jenkinson .
grenfell denies the murder of sergeant king and the [tried] murders of pcs castrey and jenkinson .

He was found guilty of murder and attempted murder and admitted two robberies and one attempted robbery .
he was found guilty of murder and [tried] murder and admitted two robberies and one [tried] robbery .

The biggest shock came when one official attempted to attack journalists for the ‘ negative coverage ’ the couple 's joint tour had received .
the biggest shock came when one official [tried] to attack journalists for the ‘ negative coverage ’ the couple 's joint tour had received .

Dean and Mrs Dean , and Gorevan , all from Rhyl , North Wales , were originally charged with attempted murder but the charge was reduced yesterday .
dean and mrs dean , and gorevan , all from rhyl , north wales , were originally charged with [tried] murder but the charge was reduced yesterday .

Dean and Mrs Dean , and Gorevan , all from Rhyl , North Wales , were originally charged with attempted murder but the charge was reduced yesterday .
dean and mrs dean , and gorevan , all from rhyl , north wales , were originally charged with [tried] murder but the charge was reduced yesterday .

He attempted to rape another girl , but her friends came to the rescue by kicking and punching Jones until he left her alone .
he [tried] to rape another girl , but her friends came to the rescue by kicking and punching jones until he left her alone .

Distillers , the Scotch whisky firm , when faced with an unwanted takeover bid from Argyll , the supermarket chain , in December 1985 , attempted to merge with Guinness , using it as a white knight ( ie a friendly rescuer ) in an attempt to thwart this move .
distillers , the scotch whisky firm , when faced with an unwanted takeover bid from argyll , the supermarket chain , in december 1985 , [tried] to merge with guinness , using it as a white knight ( ie a friendly rescuer ) in an attempt to thwart this move .

In addition to the economic arguments put forward for nationalisation , there was also a strong political impetus , as the Labour party attempted to achieve a ‘ fairer , more egalitarian ’ society , in which social priorities and the ‘ national interest ’ took precedence over the desire to maximise profits .
in addition to the economic arguments put forward for nationalisation , there was also a strong political impetus , as the labour party [tried] to achieve a ‘ fairer , more egalitarian ’ society , in which social priorities and the ‘ national interest ’ took precedence over the desire to maximise profits .

In order to counter concern about the lack of guidance for nationalised industries , there were two government White Papers during the 1960s , which attempted to produce financial targets for nationalised industries and , at the same time , guidelines for pricing and investment decisions .
in order to counter concern about the lack of guidance for nationalised industries , there were two government white papers during the 1960s , which [tried] to produce financial targets for nationalised industries and , at the same time , guidelines for pricing and investment decisions .

Sir Michael Edwardes was appointed to the task of rescuing the company in 1977 and in the next five years attempted to reduce excessive centralisation in the company and to improve efficiency , which involved many plant closures and redundancies .
sir michael edwardes was appointed to the task of rescuing the company in 1977 and in the next five years [tried] to reduce excessive centralisation in the company and to improve efficiency , which involved many plant closures and redundancies .

It might be argued that for years Britain unsuccessfully attempted the ‘ Italian approach ’ , trying to establish an independent , strong domestic producer and that now an approach , in some respects similar to the ‘ Spanish approach ’ ( welcoming foreign investment ) is being adopted .
it might be argued that for years britain unsuccessfully [tried] the ‘ italian approach ’ , trying to establish an independent , strong domestic producer and that now an approach , in some respects similar to the ‘ spanish approach ’ ( welcoming foreign investment ) is being adopted .

The Conservative government has attempted to replace what it sees as a dependency culture by an enterprise culture .
the conservative government has [tried] to replace what it sees as a dependency culture by an enterprise culture .

This has become known as Rachmanism after the exploits of an infamous landlord in the 1950s , following the 1957 Rent Act , which attempted to de-control private rented accommodation .
this has become known as rachmanism after the exploits of an infamous landlord in the 1950s , following the 1957 rent act , which [tried] to de-control private rented accommodation .

In that year a lady and a little girl ( presumably the daughter ) fell from an otherwise deserted station platform into the path of an oncoming train ; the station master on seeing the incident attempted to rescue them both but was only able to save the girl .
in that year a lady and a little girl ( presumably the daughter ) fell from an otherwise deserted station platform into the path of an oncoming train ; the station master on seeing the incident [tried] to rescue them both but was only able to save the girl .

It begins with an attempted rape and a murder , contains scenes of spine-chilling horror when the murder victim 's marble effigy comes to life in the graveyard and then accepts its murderer 's invitation to supper , and ends with the unrepentant libertine being dragged down to hell by demons .
it begins with an [tried] rape and a murder , contains scenes of spine-chilling horror when the murder victim 's marble effigy comes to life in the graveyard and then accepts its murderer 's invitation to supper , and ends with the unrepentant libertine being dragged down to hell by demons .

Constanze attempted to launch him on a career similar to his father 's — as a child-prodigy pianist — and on returning to Vienna he took composition lessons with Salieri , who proclaimed his ‘ a rare talent ’ .
constanze [tried] to launch him on a career similar to his father 's — as a child-prodigy pianist — and on returning to vienna he took composition lessons with salieri , who proclaimed his ‘ a rare talent ’ .

None of this was known in 1926 when Paneth and Peters attempted to join two hydrogen protons to make helium , as the discovery of the neutron only occurred in 1932 .
none of this was known in 1926 when paneth and peters [tried] to join two hydrogen protons to make helium , as the discovery of the neutron only occurred in 1932 .

Thus Palmer and Jones came together and started the collaboration which attempted to replicate fusion under pressure , cold fusion in metals , to see if the Earth 's heat and the helium-3 could indeed be due to natural fusion in the rocks .
thus palmer and jones came together and started the collaboration which [tried] to replicate fusion under pressure , cold fusion in metals , to see if the earth 's heat and the helium-3 could indeed be due to natural fusion in the rocks .

There he attempted to register his protest but was told there was nothing wrong with the ‘ sporting accident ’ .
there he [tried] to register his protest but was told there was nothing wrong with the ‘ sporting accident ’ .

Everyone remembers his appalling attempted lob in that match , and Thomas had to suffer the ridicule afterwards .
everyone remembers his appalling [tried] lob in that match , and thomas had to suffer the ridicule afterwards .

‘ Ossie has attempted to play the game in the attractive way he has always believed in , ’ said O'Neill .
‘ ossie has [tried] to play the game in the attractive way he has always believed in , ’ said o'neill .

During Gascoigne 's long absence Taylor attempted , to a degree , to do the same with John Barnes .
during gascoigne 's long absence taylor [tried] , to a degree , to do the same with john barnes .

Having lost his sense of direction , he attempted a foolish back-pass following a clever chip by Franck Sauzee , but only succeeding in touching the ball beyond the advancing Goram .
having lost his sense of direction , he [tried] a foolish back-pass following a clever chip by franck sauzee , but only succeeding in touching the ball beyond the advancing goram .

Venables who has attempted to keep a low profile , hoping not to give the book credence , will point out that he invested £3½ million , and many hours of his day to seize control of the club , when his successful takeover bid helped solve Tottenham 's financial problems , and oust Scholar as a consequence .
venables who has [tried] to keep a low profile , hoping not to give the book credence , will point out that he invested £3½ million , and many hours of his day to seize control of the club , when his successful takeover bid helped solve tottenham 's financial problems , and oust scholar as a consequence .

He had even attempted to write verse himself .
he had even [tried] to write verse himself .

Roman attempted to be reassuring .
roman [tried] to be reassuring .

However , when she felt confident enough , she attempted to renegotiate her pay deal and was promptly fired .
however , when she felt confident enough , she [tried] to renegotiate her pay deal and was promptly fired .

The depths its members will sink to were illustrated by the attempted suppression of documents concerning arms sales to Iraq — to cover their own duplicity and allow innocent men to go to prison .
the depths its members will sink to were illustrated by the [tried] suppression of documents concerning arms sales to iraq — to cover their own duplicity and allow innocent men to go to prison .

This chapter describes the efforts of an organisation which attempted to implement Oral Rehydration Therapy on a national scale , with the intention of reducing the morbidity and mortality caused by diarrhoea .
this chapter describes the efforts of an organisation which [tried] to implement oral rehydration therapy on a national scale , with the intention of reducing the morbidity and mortality caused by diarrhoea .

The chapter goes on to describe the way in which a non-governmental organisation attempted to introduce Oral Rehydration Therapy to Bangladesh as an appropriate technology by trying to avoid the problems associated with the pre-packaged salts .
the chapter goes on to describe the way in which a non-governmental organisation [tried] to introduce oral rehydration therapy to bangladesh as an appropriate technology by trying to avoid the problems associated with the pre-packaged salts .

He has attempted the procedure twice .
he has [tried] the procedure twice .

Salvation history is the story of God and his people and how God , since creation , has attempted to reconcile them to himself .
salvation history is the story of god and his people and how god , since creation , has [tried] to reconcile them to himself .

The determination with which , against the odds , British Governments attempted to restore economic liberalism in the 1920s partly reflected the influence wielded by the City of London .
the determination with which , against the odds , british governments [tried] to restore economic liberalism in the 1920s partly reflected the influence wielded by the city of london .

In India in February , when Charles attempted to kiss her for the first time in public in four years , Diana defiantly turned away in a clear move to embarrass her husband .
in india in february , when charles [tried] to kiss her for the first time in public in four years , diana defiantly turned away in a clear move to embarrass her husband .

When Diana allegedly attempted suicide by throwing herself down the stairs at Sandringham , Charles called a doctor and then disappeared , leaving the Queen Mother to comfort his wife .
when diana allegedly [tried] suicide by throwing herself down the stairs at sandringham , charles called a doctor and then disappeared , leaving the queen mother to comfort his wife .

He was cleared of attempted murder and assault but sentenced to a year in prison for possessing a gun illegally .
he was cleared of [tried] murder and assault but sentenced to a year in prison for possessing a gun illegally .

His car had been damaged at least six times and he 'd moved his double glazing factory because of three attempted robberies .
his car had been damaged at least six times and he 'd moved his double glazing factory because of three [tried] robberies .

Hillsborough fans must have been surprised and delighted at the no-nonsense way their manager told Manchester United to get lost as they attempted to sign David Hirst .
hillsborough fans must have been surprised and delighted at the no-nonsense way their manager told manchester united to get lost as they [tried] to sign david hirst .

Again they were helped by defensive indecision , this time between Coleman and Craig Short as they attempted to deal with a Seaman clearance .
again they were helped by defensive indecision , this time between coleman and craig short as they [tried] to deal with a seaman clearance .

In an effort to recoup some of his huge outlay , Dalglish last night attempted to squeeze £250,000 out of Portsmouth for midfielder Steve Agnew .
in an effort to recoup some of his huge outlay , dalglish last night [tried] to squeeze £250,000 out of portsmouth for midfielder steve agnew .

Nicol , who escaped with a close call when he sliced an attempted clearance close to his own goal in normal time , suffered a costly relapse 10 minutes into the extra period .
nicol , who escaped with a close call when he sliced an [tried] clearance close to his own goal in normal time , suffered a costly relapse 10 minutes into the extra period .

He then attempted to play down the row which surfaced following Lineker 's comments in his biography .
he then [tried] to play down the row which surfaced following lineker 's comments in his biography .

But Mendy , back in boxing after serving a prison sentence for attempted fraud , insists that Guyanan-born Dodson will become undisputed world champion and earn countless riches .
but mendy , back in boxing after serving a prison sentence for [tried] fraud , insists that guyanan-born dodson will become undisputed world champion and earn countless riches .

Many of the bank-owned factors have attempted to overcome this problem by devising ways of ensuring that the bank does not lose a customer by calling in the factor .
many of the bank-owned factors have [tried] to overcome this problem by devising ways of ensuring that the bank does not lose a customer by calling in the factor .

We found in the interviews that once we had got beyond some version of this public model of management , managers attempted to humanize this by drawing on metaphors from their own experience and inner resources .
we found in the interviews that once we had got beyond some version of this public model of management , managers [tried] to humanize this by drawing on metaphors from their own experience and inner resources .

In many parts of the Kandyan Kingdom both civil and criminal disputes could be taken to a gamsabhava , or village council which attempted to bring about an amicable settlement .
in many parts of the kandyan kingdom both civil and criminal disputes could be taken to a gamsabhava , or village council which [tried] to bring about an amicable settlement .

Legislation was passed in 1898 which attempted to provide for the co-ordination of the various regulations .
legislation was passed in 1898 which [tried] to provide for the co-ordination of the various regulations .

London Transport attempted to have its closure postponed and there was great consternation .
london transport [tried] to have its closure postponed and there was great consternation .

Blonde , 21-year-old Elizabeth Dugan , who comes from a respectable family , went on trial yesterday for attempted murder .
blonde , 21-year-old elizabeth dugan , who comes from a respectable family , went on trial yesterday for [tried] murder .

Elizabeth attempted to escape in the Isuzu , but crashed as her attacker hacked at her through the window .
elizabeth [tried] to escape in the isuzu , but crashed as her attacker hacked at her through the window .

Brian Jewell in Fairs and Revels suggests that the queen was originally a man dressed as a woman , but George Burton believed the tradition began in 1789 during an attempted suppression of the ‘ sport ’ .
brian jewell in fairs and revels suggests that the queen was originally a man dressed as a woman , but george burton believed the tradition began in 1789 during an [tried] suppression of the ‘ sport ’ .

The attempted suppression of 1788–89 involved troops and police but was ineffectual and only incited new fervour .
the [tried] suppression of 1788–89 involved troops and police but was ineffectual and only incited new fervour .

This was the first systematic survey of stone circles ever to be undertaken and in it Stukeley attempted to prove that the Druids , whom he believed built the circles , were the forefathers of Christianity .
this was the first systematic survey of stone circles ever to be undertaken and in it stukeley [tried] to prove that the druids , whom he believed built the circles , were the forefathers of christianity .

Later historians working in the usual restricted academic conventions failed to recognise the by figure and the Christian gentry of the town attempted to suppress the bull-running custom throughout the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .
later historians working in the usual restricted academic conventions failed to recognise the by figure and the christian gentry of the town [tried] to suppress the bull-running custom throughout the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .

In everything he attempted , the religious ingredient , essential from the first , remained paramount .
in everything he [tried] , the religious ingredient , essential from the first , remained paramount .

No use regarding recent events in terms of misfortune ; one had to show courage for anything worthwhile to be attempted .
no use regarding recent events in terms of misfortune ; one had to show courage for anything worthwhile to be [tried] .

The chief priest of their idolatrous worship also took up his stand in front of the pagans , on a high mound , and like Balaam , attempted to curse the people of God , and to bind their hands by means of his magical arts .
the chief priest of their idolatrous worship also took up his stand in front of the pagans , on a high mound , and like balaam , [tried] to curse the people of god , and to bind their hands by means of his magical arts .

Much of what he attempted was undoubtedly justified , since he came to a diocese in a state of confusion after the upheavals of the previous twenty years , with many of its churches staffed by ignorant time-servers .
much of what he [tried] was undoubtedly justified , since he came to a diocese in a state of confusion after the upheavals of the previous twenty years , with many of its churches staffed by ignorant time-servers .

Where men like Bradford of Pippingford Warren attempted to enclose the remaining wastes of Ashdown Forest and succeeded , it was a comparatively rare event ; unlike the Midlands enclosure , which frequently redistributed arable land , the sand and clay of Wealden waste required wholesale draining and massive injections of capital before they could be used for profitable corn-growing .
where men like bradford of pippingford warren [tried] to enclose the remaining wastes of ashdown forest and succeeded , it was a comparatively rare event ; unlike the midlands enclosure , which frequently redistributed arable land , the sand and clay of wealden waste required wholesale draining and massive injections of capital before they could be used for profitable corn-growing .

At the Old Bailey yesterday Everton , of Edmonton , north London , admitted three robberies and related firearms charges and asked for two attempted robberies to be considered .
at the old bailey yesterday everton , of edmonton , north london , admitted three robberies and related firearms charges and asked for two [tried] robberies to be considered .

Burglars smashed in the steel shutters and even dug a tunnel under the building in an attempted raid .
burglars smashed in the steel shutters and even dug a tunnel under the building in an [tried] raid .

Detectives , who are treating the attack as arson and attempted murder , are hunting the baby 's father after his 31-year-old wife said he started the blaze .
detectives , who are treating the attack as arson and [tried] murder , are hunting the baby 's father after his 31-year-old wife said he started the blaze .

The desperate man then attempted to hijack a taxi .
the desperate man then [tried] to hijack a taxi .

Alf Catholic , 21 , was charged with the two murders and one attempted murder following the weekend shootings in Kissimmee , Florida .
alf catholic , 21 , was charged with the two murders and one [tried] murder following the weekend shootings in kissimmee , florida .

Jones , 29 , of Sutton in Ashfield , denies murder , attempted murder and causing grievous bodily harm .
jones , 29 , of sutton in ashfield , denies murder , [tried] murder and causing grievous bodily harm .

As the jury returned unanimous guilty verdicts on Vernage for three murders , the attempted murders of two other policemen and three burglaries , Amanda buried her head in her mother 's neck .
as the jury returned unanimous guilty verdicts on vernage for three murders , the [tried] murders of two other policemen and three burglaries , amanda buried her head in her mother 's neck .

Brown , of Mitcham , Surrey , denies kidnap and attempted rape and murder in April last year .
brown , of mitcham , surrey , denies kidnap and [tried] rape and murder in april last year .

Stripped film from the security camera that videos customers in the Praed Street shop , Took away the staff roster , which reveals who was working on the crucial day , Removed the shop 's till rolls , Attempted to pursuade the female member of staff to forget Mr Onanuga told her he served Mr Lamont on the Monday , and Refused to allow the woman to keep a copy of her signed statement because , it said , it could be handed to a newspaper .
stripped film from the security camera that videos customers in the praed street shop , took away the staff roster , which reveals who was working on the crucial day , removed the shop 's till rolls , [tried] to pursuade the female member of staff to forget mr onanuga told her he served mr lamont on the monday , and refused to allow the woman to keep a copy of her signed statement because , it said , it could be handed to a newspaper .

The six accused of her kidnap and attempted murder are Glynn James Powell , 28 , Jeanne Powell , 25 , Jeffrey Stuart Leigh , 26 , Bernadette McNeilly , 23 , plus two boys aged 16 and 17 .
the six accused of her kidnap and [tried] murder are glynn james powell , 28 , jeanne powell , 25 , jeffrey stuart leigh , 26 , bernadette mcneilly , 23 , plus two boys aged 16 and 17 .

Hongkong Land acquired a 14.9% stake in Trafalgar House and then attempted , but failed , to push its holding to 29.9% .
hongkong land acquired a 14.9% stake in trafalgar house and then [tried] , but failed , to push its holding to 29.9% .

It will probably be priced not a mile above 1-2-3 , but it will do things that could n't be attempted with a traditional spreadsheet .
it will probably be priced not a mile above 1-2-3 , but it will do things that could n't be [tried] with a traditional spreadsheet .

There they will remain for most of April , at least one of the pair on guard at all times on the loch in order to ward off any attempted ‘ take-over ’ , perhaps by young pairs who have n't been able to locate a suitable breeding site .
there they will remain for most of april , at least one of the pair on guard at all times on the loch in order to ward off any [tried] ‘ take-over ’ , perhaps by young pairs who have n't been able to locate a suitable breeding site .

Contact tests , involving dykes and host rocks , as well as between Telegraph Pass granite and Precambrian host rocks , have been attempted .
contact tests , involving dykes and host rocks , as well as between telegraph pass granite and precambrian host rocks , have been [tried] .

We then attempted to separate the functional anatomy of the subvocal rehearsal system from the phonological store .
we then [tried] to separate the functional anatomy of the subvocal rehearsal system from the phonological store .

Not since the days when Gosplan tried to micro-manage the Soviet Union have government employees attempted anything quite so ambitious , not to say foolhardy .
not since the days when gosplan tried to micro-manage the soviet union have government employees [tried] anything quite so ambitious , not to say foolhardy .

The trial in Moscow of 12 men , charged with leading the attempted coup in Moscow in 1991 , disintegrated after the judge dismissed the prosecuting team .
the trial in moscow of 12 men , charged with leading the [tried] coup in moscow in 1991 , disintegrated after the judge dismissed the prosecuting team .

It is not just that the tax offices are the home of a great deal of corruption , which has survived many previous attempted clean-ups and , so far , even the arrival of computerisation .
it is not just that the tax offices are the home of a great deal of corruption , which has survived many previous [tried] clean-ups and , so far , even the arrival of computerisation .

The size of the state in the early days of the administration of justice led to a remarkable form of attempted committal to prison .
the size of the state in the early days of the administration of justice led to a remarkable form of [tried] committal to prison .

Later on , positivists attempted to do the same by postulating a view of humans as determined in their actions by forces beyond their control .
later on , positivists [tried] to do the same by postulating a view of humans as determined in their actions by forces beyond their control .

Various other studies have , however , attempted to do this ; the usual technique has been to suggest that it is a particular psychological characteristic that is inherited and which leads ‘ naturally ’ to crime .
various other studies have , however , [tried] to do this ; the usual technique has been to suggest that it is a particular psychological characteristic that is inherited and which leads ‘ naturally ’ to crime .

Perhaps inevitably , this left it open to attempted incorporation by behaviourist psychology : Burgess and Akers ( 1966 ) provided a translation of differential association into the language of behaviourist ‘ reinforcement ’ theory .
perhaps inevitably , this left it open to [tried] incorporation by behaviourist psychology : burgess and akers ( 1966 ) provided a translation of differential association into the language of behaviourist ‘ reinforcement ’ theory .

Historically , threatening our security in this ‘ physical ’ sense has been the most common way in which penal systems have attempted to force our compliance ( through capital and corporal punishments ) .
historically , threatening our security in this ‘ physical ’ sense has been the most common way in which penal systems have [tried] to force our compliance ( through capital and corporal punishments ) .

Two hundred years would have passed since the Maestro Sartori had attempted , and failed , to perform the greatest act of magic known to this or any other Dominion .
two hundred years would have passed since the maestro sartori had [tried] , and failed , to perform the greatest act of magic known to this or any other dominion .

Minutes before , terrified by the scale of what was unfolding , Pie had attempted to drive Gentle away , and having failed , had fled .
minutes before , terrified by the scale of what was unfolding , pie had [tried] to drive gentle away , and having failed , had fled .

McGann attempted to press him as to his whereabouts in the last few days , to which Oscar asked why the hell it mattered .
mcgann [tried] to press him as to his whereabouts in the last few days , to which oscar asked why the hell it mattered .

Marlin had not been pleased to know that one of her ex-lovers had attempted to play hero in his own apartment , and he would n't have been happy to find her making contact with Gentle at two in the morning .
marlin had not been pleased to know that one of her ex-lovers had [tried] to play hero in his own apartment , and he would n't have been happy to find her making contact with gentle at two in the morning .

She let him tell Gentle that if he ever saw hide or hair of Gentle in the building again he 'd have him arrested as an accomplice to attempted murder .
she let him tell gentle that if he ever saw hide or hair of gentle in the building again he 'd have him arrested as an accomplice to [tried] murder .

May Day saw the worst violence in the streets of Moscow since the attempted coup of August 1991 , as neo-communist demonstrators clashed with riot police .
may day saw the worst violence in the streets of moscow since the [tried] coup of august 1991 , as neo-communist demonstrators clashed with riot police .

Here they attempted to persuade consumers not to install additional appliances which would overload the mains : where they failed in this , breakdowns inevitably followed .
here they [tried] to persuade consumers not to install additional appliances which would overload the mains : where they failed in this , breakdowns inevitably followed .

Under Mikhail Gorbachev , Mr Volsky counted as the leader of its reformist wing , whereas the leader of the conservatives was one of those who staged the attempted coup of 1991 .
under mikhail gorbachev , mr volsky counted as the leader of its reformist wing , whereas the leader of the conservatives was one of those who staged the [tried] coup of 1991 .

The creation of nominal and fictitious votes was by far the greatest abuse to disfigure Scottish politics in the eighteenth century , but that was a form of political corruption which long survived even the Reform Act of 1832 , and the only abuse which was truly confined to the period under consideration was that which attempted to capitalise upon the opportunities for manipulating the voters , through a judicious application of patronage , which the small number of voters appeared to invite .
the creation of nominal and fictitious votes was by far the greatest abuse to disfigure scottish politics in the eighteenth century , but that was a form of political corruption which long survived even the reform act of 1832 , and the only abuse which was truly confined to the period under consideration was that which [tried] to capitalise upon the opportunities for manipulating the voters , through a judicious application of patronage , which the small number of voters appeared to invite .

In 1734 , for example , when Campbell of Ardkinglas was faced with a contest in Stirlingshire , this government politician attempted to secure the support of some of the freeholders who were normally to be found in the interest of the Duke of Montrose .
in 1734 , for example , when campbell of ardkinglas was faced with a contest in stirlingshire , this government politician [tried] to secure the support of some of the freeholders who were normally to be found in the interest of the duke of montrose .

Those who attempted to manage the political affairs of a county or district of burghs had not only to contribute towards any public project in their area , they were expected to be the leading subscribers , and it mattered little whether or not they agreed with the project in view .
those who [tried] to manage the political affairs of a county or district of burghs had not only to contribute towards any public project in their area , they were expected to be the leading subscribers , and it mattered little whether or not they agreed with the project in view .

The keen demand made patronage a double-edged weapon for the politician , who could find himself making enemies as readily as friends unless he proceeded with the utmost caution in everything he attempted .
the keen demand made patronage a double-edged weapon for the politician , who could find himself making enemies as readily as friends unless he proceeded with the utmost caution in everything he [tried] .

The next step in rank for a man of Ross 's experience would be fifth mate , but Lord Findlater , who insisted that young Ross had been ‘ much commended ’ , attempted to secure a fourth mate 's place for his friend .
the next step in rank for a man of ross 's experience would be fifth mate , but lord findlater , who insisted that young ross had been ‘ much commended ’ , [tried] to secure a fourth mate 's place for his friend .

Lord Lovat attempted , without success , to replace one of his clansmen in his office of land waiter after he had been removed by the commissioners , without investigation , following a complaint that he had spoken disrespectfully of a supervisor .
lord lovat [tried] , without success , to replace one of his clansmen in his office of land waiter after he had been removed by the commissioners , without investigation , following a complaint that he had spoken disrespectfully of a supervisor .

In October 1734 , for example , Captain Charles Campbell , the manager of Lord Ilay 's interest in the town of Stirling , attempted to overthrow the existing majority in the burgh council .
in october 1734 , for example , captain charles campbell , the manager of lord ilay 's interest in the town of stirling , [tried] to overthrow the existing majority in the burgh council .

An ordinary member of parliament who attempted to gratify constituents by pressing for a senior appointment was likely to be put firmly in his place by the Treasury , for this happened even to the well-connected David Scott , when representing the Dundee burghs in 1796 .
an ordinary member of parliament who [tried] to gratify constituents by pressing for a senior appointment was likely to be put firmly in his place by the treasury , for this happened even to the well-connected david scott , when representing the dundee burghs in 1796 .

Even opportunities to serve , without rank or pay , as a volunteer , could be elusive , and even previous military experience was of little assistance , as Lieutenant Callander discovered when he attempted to rejoin the army as a volunteer in a regiment about to embark for India .
even opportunities to serve , without rank or pay , as a volunteer , could be elusive , and even previous military experience was of little assistance , as lieutenant callander discovered when he [tried] to rejoin the army as a volunteer in a regiment about to embark for india .

Conversely , when a war was being concluded and there was a prospect of reductions in the size of the army , many officers of the younger regiments attempted to avoid reduction to half-pay by trying their interest with a politician , but the practice of transferring to a new regiment to accelerate promotion , and then regaining a place in an old one while retaining the rank already gained , demanded very good political connections .
conversely , when a war was being concluded and there was a prospect of reductions in the size of the army , many officers of the younger regiments [tried] to avoid reduction to half-pay by trying their interest with a politician , but the practice of transferring to a new regiment to accelerate promotion , and then regaining a place in an old one while retaining the rank already gained , demanded very good political connections .

The other side of the coin was the pressure which could be exerted upon such foreign soldiers if they attempted to come home to vote in an election in opposition to a man of influence .
the other side of the coin was the pressure which could be exerted upon such foreign soldiers if they [tried] to come home to vote in an election in opposition to a man of influence .

Were those friends to suffer humiliation , it would be seen as a defeat for the political interest to which they belonged , and if the politician had attempted to avoid a commitment , that abstention would merely add the resentment of his friends to the consequences of the defeat .
were those friends to suffer humiliation , it would be seen as a defeat for the political interest to which they belonged , and if the politician had [tried] to avoid a commitment , that abstention would merely add the resentment of his friends to the consequences of the defeat .

The difference is one of emphasis , of how and under what circumstances children should be removed and when parental contact should be maintained and restoration to the parent attempted .
the difference is one of emphasis , of how and under what circumstances children should be removed and when parental contact should be maintained and restoration to the parent [tried] .

[ 'Kinship defenders ' ] also feel that insufficient work is carried out by social workers on the rehabilitation of separated families , while at least some of the ‘ society-as-parent ’ school seem more aware of situations where rehabilitation is attempted inappropriately , and perhaps foisted on an unwilling parent , and feel that social workers should be discouraged from holding out unrealistic hopes of restoring the child .
[ 'kinship defenders ' ] also feel that insufficient work is carried out by social workers on the rehabilitation of separated families , while at least some of the ‘ society-as-parent ’ school seem more aware of situations where rehabilitation is [tried] inappropriately , and perhaps foisted on an unwilling parent , and feel that social workers should be discouraged from holding out unrealistic hopes of restoring the child .

Various constructions of people with learning difficulties have existed down the ages as society has attempted to define and make sense of patterns of behaviour which differ from the norm .
various constructions of people with learning difficulties have existed down the ages as society has [tried] to define and make sense of patterns of behaviour which differ from the norm .

euthanasia , suicide , attempted suicide , abortion , incest between brother and sister , etc .
euthanasia , suicide , [tried] suicide , abortion , incest between brother and sister , etc .

The head attempted to explain to Mrs Singh how children have to learn the initial sounds of words and how having two languages can impede this .
the head [tried] to explain to mrs singh how children have to learn the initial sounds of words and how having two languages can impede this .

In a later meeting between parents and psychologist the former , in response to the psychologist 's efforts to identify/impose a consensus , again attempted to articulate their own understanding of George 's needs .
in a later meeting between parents and psychologist the former , in response to the psychologist 's efforts to identify/impose a consensus , again [tried] to articulate their own understanding of george 's needs .

The last chapter attempted to paint a recognizable picture of teachers ' current predicament and how they are feeling .
the last chapter [tried] to paint a recognizable picture of teachers ' current predicament and how they are feeling .

They belong to the work which he disowned and attempted to destroy when he relaunched himself with ‘ Three Studies for Figures at the base of a Crucifixion ’ ( 1944 ) , the triptych which opens all conventional accounts of Bacon 's art .
they belong to the work which he disowned and [tried] to destroy when he relaunched himself with ‘ three studies for figures at the base of a crucifixion ’ ( 1944 ) , the triptych which opens all conventional accounts of bacon 's art .

Her captive breeding programmes are being attempted .
her captive breeding programmes are being [tried] .

Locke attempted to explain epistemic appearances in terms of sensations leading so quickly on to judgements that we mistake the judgements for sensations .
locke [tried] to explain epistemic appearances in terms of sensations leading so quickly on to judgements that we mistake the judgements for sensations .

He later attempted such elucidation , as did other philosophers , notably his one-time pupil Edmund Husserl .
he later [tried] such elucidation , as did other philosophers , notably his one-time pupil edmund husserl .

It was an unjust war if ever there was one ; but it is probably true to say that no one attempted to discriminate morally between the wars of secular lords at this period unless they affected the interests of the Church .
it was an unjust war if ever there was one ; but it is probably true to say that no one [tried] to discriminate morally between the wars of secular lords at this period unless they affected the interests of the church .

It is quite likely that to have attempted more would have done more harm than good : at all events , nothing more was attempted .
it is quite likely that to have [tried] more would have done more harm than good : at all events , nothing more was [tried] .

The Scottish bishops of this period were normally consecrated by the archbishop of York , and there was no protest against this practice until 1120 , when Anselm 's disciple Eadmer , having received the bishopric of St Andrews , attempted to insist that he should be consecrated at Canterbury .
the scottish bishops of this period were normally consecrated by the archbishop of york , and there was no protest against this practice until 1120 , when anselm 's disciple eadmer , having received the bishopric of st andrews , [tried] to insist that he should be consecrated at canterbury .

When at last he could return to the plans he had left incomplete in 1102 , he seems to have recognized that he had attempted too much .
when at last he could return to the plans he had left incomplete in 1102 , he seems to have recognized that he had [tried] too much .

And she had almost lost him by the attempted theft of his best boots .
and she had almost lost him by the [tried] theft of his best boots .

Under the Net ( 1954 ) , her first published fiction , is technically speaking a memoir-novel like Crusoe or Moll Flanders , being composed as autobiography in the first person ; and The Sea , the Sea ( 1978 ) , like Crusoe , is in part a diary where the narrator — male , as usual — is himself so unaware as he writes of the astonishing end there will be to kidnapping his lost love that the reader is as surprised as he when it finally unfolds : an audacious exploitation of the fictional memoir never attempted by Defoe himself .
under the net ( 1954 ) , her first published fiction , is technically speaking a memoir-novel like crusoe or moll flanders , being composed as autobiography in the first person ; and the sea , the sea ( 1978 ) , like crusoe , is in part a diary where the narrator — male , as usual — is himself so unaware as he writes of the astonishing end there will be to kidnapping his lost love that the reader is as surprised as he when it finally unfolds : an audacious exploitation of the fictional memoir never [tried] by defoe himself .

In an effort to curb the man-eaters some very strange ruses have recently been attempted , including putting out dummy woodcutters wired up to give an electric shock .
in an effort to curb the man-eaters some very strange ruses have recently been [tried] , including putting out dummy woodcutters wired up to give an electric shock .

In this situation anything that can be done to halt the destruction of the forests and to maintain the population of orang-utans in the wild must be attempted .
in this situation anything that can be done to halt the destruction of the forests and to maintain the population of orang-utans in the wild must be [tried] .

However , during the Labour Government 's first period of office , 1945–50 , both the Ministry of Labour ( through dissemination of information to employers ) and the Ministry of National Insurance ( through slightly increasing the earnings allowance ) attempted to encourage the deferment of retirement beyond 65 and the employment of older workers .
however , during the labour government 's first period of office , 1945–50 , both the ministry of labour ( through dissemination of information to employers ) and the ministry of national insurance ( through slightly increasing the earnings allowance ) [tried] to encourage the deferment of retirement beyond 65 and the employment of older workers .

In fact , no calculations were published which attempted to measure the precise costs or specify the benefits to be derived from an ageing population .
in fact , no calculations were published which [tried] to measure the precise costs or specify the benefits to be derived from an ageing population .

He comes from a reasonably conservative background and Mains is sure to insist that a lot of very basic work is done before the backline frills are attempted .
he comes from a reasonably conservative background and mains is sure to insist that a lot of very basic work is done before the backline frills are [tried] .

For a girl who places such emphasis on coming first , there was , perhaps , a poignant irony in the fact that she — and her mother and father — should be late in hearing news of the attempted coup in Russia last August .
for a girl who places such emphasis on coming first , there was , perhaps , a poignant irony in the fact that she — and her mother and father — should be late in hearing news of the [tried] coup in russia last august .

You attempted to delude me .
you [tried] to delude me .

The big nun 's arms were flailing while the other two attempted to hold her .
the big nun 's arms were flailing while the other two [tried] to hold her .

Throughout the remainder of 1948 Britain attempted to stick to its position .
throughout the remainder of 1948 britain [tried] to stick to its position .

Early in 1965 Hallstein attempted to push the Community more firmly back on the supranational path .
early in 1965 hallstein [tried] to push the community more firmly back on the supranational path .

He told the story of a loner , a drifter , a maverick boy who went from banner-waving at public meetings to protest at experiments on animals , all the way to incendiaries and assault and finally an attempted car bomb .
he told the story of a loner , a drifter , a maverick boy who went from banner-waving at public meetings to protest at experiments on animals , all the way to incendiaries and assault and finally an [tried] car bomb .

The Swede never attempted to assess what he eavesdropped .
the swede never [tried] to assess what he eavesdropped .

We were privileged just to be here ; to have attempted two new routes from this valley ; to have explored this unvisited glacier ; to have done all this with just one other person : a friend , a tent and a rope .
we were privileged just to be here ; to have [tried] two new routes from this valley ; to have explored this unvisited glacier ; to have done all this with just one other person : a friend , a tent and a rope .

this method was essential as the vast majority of targets had Commonwealth forces bounded on each side , ready to pounce on the bandits as they attempted to flee from the air attacks .
this method was essential as the vast majority of targets had commonwealth forces bounded on each side , ready to pounce on the bandits as they [tried] to flee from the air attacks .

Consultations with ministers , the provision of information to administrators , direct communication with diplomats and naval officers , all fell within the ambit of less public means of attempted influence and can be most clearly illustrated from the record of the African Institution which has been somewhat overlooked by earlier writers .
consultations with ministers , the provision of information to administrators , direct communication with diplomats and naval officers , all fell within the ambit of less public means of [tried] influence and can be most clearly illustrated from the record of the african institution which has been somewhat overlooked by earlier writers .

In the early 1770s it was Supporters of the Society of the Bill of Rights who attempted pledging with only limited success .
in the early 1770s it was supporters of the society of the bill of rights who [tried] pledging with only limited success .

Significantly then , apart from isolated evidence of attempted antislavery pledging in 1792 in the middle of a parliament , it did not become a systematic technique of abolitionists until the culmination of the emancipation campaign in the early 1830s when parliamentary reform politics also triumphed .
significantly then , apart from isolated evidence of [tried] antislavery pledging in 1792 in the middle of a parliament , it did not become a systematic technique of abolitionists until the culmination of the emancipation campaign in the early 1830s when parliamentary reform politics also triumphed .

This studied the texts by the techniques of literary and historical analysis , attempted to separate out historical material from legend or poetry , and even began to raise sensitive problems of authorship — as , for instance , whether all the first five books of the Old Testament were in fact written by Moses .
this studied the texts by the techniques of literary and historical analysis , [tried] to separate out historical material from legend or poetry , and even began to raise sensitive problems of authorship — as , for instance , whether all the first five books of the old testament were in fact written by moses .

It did so only at a price ; but it is the measure of his greatness that few others in ancient or modern times have attempted , let alone carried through , a comparable essay in the reorientation of Christian thought .
it did so only at a price ; but it is the measure of his greatness that few others in ancient or modern times have [tried] , let alone carried through , a comparable essay in the reorientation of christian thought .

He ushered in a new era in the study of religion and of theology ; he brought a new conception of what the disciplined and ordered study of both could be ; he underlined in epoch-making fashion the importance of the subjective aspect of religious awareness , pointing to what lies deeper than intellectual formulations , yet is not reducible to inchoate and diffuse ‘ feelings ’ ; he attempted to grasp and express in an original and modern way the abiding significance of Jesus , and to uncover the living and personal meaning of what were in danger of being dismissed as merely the fossilised accretions of doctrine .
he ushered in a new era in the study of religion and of theology ; he brought a new conception of what the disciplined and ordered study of both could be ; he underlined in epoch-making fashion the importance of the subjective aspect of religious awareness , pointing to what lies deeper than intellectual formulations , yet is not reducible to inchoate and diffuse ‘ feelings ’ ; he [tried] to grasp and express in an original and modern way the abiding significance of jesus , and to uncover the living and personal meaning of what were in danger of being dismissed as merely the fossilised accretions of doctrine .

In spite of the weaknesses in his attempted synthesis , the same can be said of him in the context of the theology of the last century and a half as of Sir Christopher Wren on his tomb in St Paul 's Cathedral , Si monumentum requiris , circumspice — ‘ If you would see his memorial , look around you .
in spite of the weaknesses in his [tried] synthesis , the same can be said of him in the context of the theology of the last century and a half as of sir christopher wren on his tomb in st paul 's cathedral , si monumentum requiris , circumspice — ‘ if you would see his memorial , look around you .

So too his message of the coming kingdom can not be lifted out and carried over to the present : that message was refuted when Jesus himself attempted to provoke the intervention of God and bring about the end of history by challenging the powers and authorities of his own day .
so too his message of the coming kingdom can not be lifted out and carried over to the present : that message was refuted when jesus himself [tried] to provoke the intervention of god and bring about the end of history by challenging the powers and authorities of his own day .

He attempted to stop the wheel of history , but the wheel turned on and crushed him on the cross .
he [tried] to stop the wheel of history , but the wheel turned on and crushed him on the cross .

He insisted that a genuine religion , if such there be , must rest on a supernatural revelation coming from beyond history ; and he denounced the ‘ historicising ’ of Christianity , by which the original message of Christ and the apostles , a message which spoke of the wholly supernatural kingdom of God , had been betrayed by the transformation of Christianity itself into a social , cultural , and political movement within history — a movement which the advanced theologians and Christian apologists of the nineteenth century had then , with complete consistency , attempted to interpret and justify in purely historical and psychological terms .
he insisted that a genuine religion , if such there be , must rest on a supernatural revelation coming from beyond history ; and he denounced the ‘ historicising ’ of christianity , by which the original message of christ and the apostles , a message which spoke of the wholly supernatural kingdom of god , had been betrayed by the transformation of christianity itself into a social , cultural , and political movement within history — a movement which the advanced theologians and christian apologists of the nineteenth century had then , with complete consistency , [tried] to interpret and justify in purely historical and psychological terms .

’ God 's love for and claim on man are worked out through a judgement and condemnation which disclose a profound alienation and estrangement between man and God , a contradiction in which man has attempted to break away from the tie with God , so that God 's claim on him has become a consuming fire .
’ god 's love for and claim on man are worked out through a judgement and condemnation which disclose a profound alienation and estrangement between man and god , a contradiction in which man has [tried] to break away from the tie with god , so that god 's claim on him has become a consuming fire .

Or are those on the right lines who maintain that Barth 's broad approach is correct and must be built upon , but at the same time opened up to permit more ‘ input ’ into theology from the natural and human sciences , as we shall find attempted , for example , by Moltmann and Torrance ?
or are those on the right lines who maintain that barth 's broad approach is correct and must be built upon , but at the same time opened up to permit more ‘ input ’ into theology from the natural and human sciences , as we shall find [tried] , for example , by moltmann and torrance ?

Griffith 's breakthrough came almost accidentally as he attempted to forge a career in a new industry about which he knew little .
griffith 's breakthrough came almost accidentally as he [tried] to forge a career in a new industry about which he knew little .

Publicity was given to academic investigations whilst journals and organizations attempted to direct film-going by informing potential audiences as to which films they should attend and which ignore .
publicity was given to academic investigations whilst journals and organizations [tried] to direct film-going by informing potential audiences as to which films they should attend and which ignore .

In Men of Iron , released in 1935 , Warner Bros attempted to use the steel industry in much the same way as they had earlier used the coal industry .
in men of iron , released in 1935 , warner bros [tried] to use the steel industry in much the same way as they had earlier used the coal industry .

The booklet took the form of a discussion document , examining the rationale behind curriculum planning , discussing methods of resolving the problems which often arise when a reshaping of the curriculum is attempted within a school , and identifying ways of monitoring progress and of assessing what has been achieved .
the booklet took the form of a discussion document , examining the rationale behind curriculum planning , discussing methods of resolving the problems which often arise when a reshaping of the curriculum is [tried] within a school , and identifying ways of monitoring progress and of assessing what has been achieved .

Analysis at this level of detail is not usually attempted by direct observation but rather by film or video analysis .
analysis at this level of detail is not usually [tried] by direct observation but rather by film or video analysis .

The psychologists attempted to polarise various issues such as massed versus spaced learning , whole versus part learning and transfer of training which had some face validity in appearing to identify general principles , but in practice it always seemed that the generalities vanished into the enormous variety of specific issues .
the psychologists [tried] to polarise various issues such as massed versus spaced learning , whole versus part learning and transfer of training which had some face validity in appearing to identify general principles , but in practice it always seemed that the generalities vanished into the enormous variety of specific issues .

Gagne ( 1970 ) attempted to produce a theory which was germane to educational problems by switching the emphasis from categories to conditions of learning .
gagne ( 1970 ) [tried] to produce a theory which was germane to educational problems by switching the emphasis from categories to conditions of learning .

Experiments , trials , prototypes and the running in parallel of old and new systems are all valuable , almost essential procedures — when something radical is being attempted on any scale from a new car suspension to a new educational system .
experiments , trials , prototypes and the running in parallel of old and new systems are all valuable , almost essential procedures — when something radical is being [tried] on any scale from a new car suspension to a new educational system .

Other early studies of memory attempted to measure capacity by data such as the length of a number series which could be accurately reproduced after one presentation .
other early studies of memory [tried] to measure capacity by data such as the length of a number series which could be accurately reproduced after one presentation .

In 1912 , he was believed to have attempted to board the ill-fated Titanic only to be refused , thus saving his life .
in 1912 , he was believed to have [tried] to board the ill-fated titanic only to be refused , thus saving his life .

As a consequence , those figures became inspirational to other slaves who attempted to emulate them : the Richmond-Molyneux effect .
as a consequence , those figures became inspirational to other slaves who [tried] to emulate them : the richmond-molyneux effect .

The irony has often been noted that the imposition of legislature controls actually resulted in a dramatic increase in immigration from the Caribbean and the Indian sub-continent , as people attempted to beat the ban , this severed the previously close connections between employment opportunities and migration to Britain .
the irony has often been noted that the imposition of legislature controls actually resulted in a dramatic increase in immigration from the caribbean and the indian sub-continent , as people [tried] to beat the ban , this severed the previously close connections between employment opportunities and migration to britain .

Magical destructions have been attempted , but without success .
magical destructions have been [tried] , but without success .

The unions have attempted to accommodate work group aspirations by allowing local unions a greater say in employment practices and — via legislation — expanding the role and powers of shop stewards , including the right of safety stewards to order a work stoppage in certain circumstances ( Forsebäck , 1980 ) .
the unions have [tried] to accommodate work group aspirations by allowing local unions a greater say in employment practices and — via legislation — expanding the role and powers of shop stewards , including the right of safety stewards to order a work stoppage in certain circumstances ( forsebäck , 1980 ) .

The unions have attempted to accommodate work group aspirations by allowing local unions a greater say in employment practices and — via legislation — expanding the role and powers of shop stewards , including the right of safety stewards to order a work stoppage in certain circumstances ( Forsebäck , 1980 ) .
the unions have [tried] to accommodate work group aspirations by allowing local unions a greater say in employment practices and — via legislation — expanding the role and powers of shop stewards , including the right of safety stewards to order a work stoppage in certain circumstances ( forsebäck , 1980 ) .

The emphasis in agreements was therefore placed upon procedural , rather than substantive , rules designed to uphold the employers ' right to manage in the face of attempted unilateral imposition of working rules by craft unions .
the emphasis in agreements was therefore placed upon procedural , rather than substantive , rules designed to uphold the employers ' right to manage in the face of [tried] unilateral imposition of working rules by craft unions .

As well as imposing this Presbyterian liturgy on the country , parliament also attempted to reorganize ecclesiastical government in the localities by bringing parishes together into new administrative groupings presided over by ‘ classes ’ ( see Chapter 6 ) .
as well as imposing this presbyterian liturgy on the country , parliament also [tried] to reorganize ecclesiastical government in the localities by bringing parishes together into new administrative groupings presided over by ‘ classes ’ ( see chapter 6 ) .

More recently , George Bernard has also attempted to refute the contention that the church established by Elizabeth was predominantly predestinarian .
more recently , george bernard has also [tried] to refute the contention that the church established by elizabeth was predominantly predestinarian .

In 1637 Laud attempted to impose his sacramental and ceremonial brand of English Protestantism on the rigidly Calvinist Scots , a move that precipitated both the Bishops ' War and a profound political crisis in England .
in 1637 laud [tried] to impose his sacramental and ceremonial brand of english protestantism on the rigidly calvinist scots , a move that precipitated both the bishops ' war and a profound political crisis in england .

In the late 1620s , some Calvinists attempted to obstruct the collection of money for the repair of St Paul 's , and throughout the 1630s large numbers of churchwardens were summoned to appear before the ecclesiastical authorities for failing to introduce the required changes to the lay-out of their churches .
in the late 1620s , some calvinists [tried] to obstruct the collection of money for the repair of st paul 's , and throughout the 1630s large numbers of churchwardens were summoned to appear before the ecclesiastical authorities for failing to introduce the required changes to the lay-out of their churches .

Initially , he attempted to browbeat the pope into judging the case in his favour or handing it back to an English ecclesiastical court .
initially , he [tried] to browbeat the pope into judging the case in his favour or handing it back to an english ecclesiastical court .

None the less , the supporters of the Duke of Northumberland lost no opportunity to represent her as a staunch papist , and attempted to make use of anti-papal fears to win support for their rival candidate for the throne , Jane Grey .
none the less , the supporters of the duke of northumberland lost no opportunity to represent her as a staunch papist , and [tried] to make use of anti-papal fears to win support for their rival candidate for the throne , jane grey .

The researches of Keith Wrightson and David Levine have revealed that Terling was socially and culturally divided between , on the one hand , a godly elite of ‘ the better sort ’ — yeomen , substantial husbandmen , and craftsmen — who attempted to bring about a reformation of manners through their control of local offices ; and on the other , an illiterate ‘ multitude ’ with little or no religious commitment .
the researches of keith wrightson and david levine have revealed that terling was socially and culturally divided between , on the one hand , a godly elite of ‘ the better sort ’ — yeomen , substantial husbandmen , and craftsmen — who [tried] to bring about a reformation of manners through their control of local offices ; and on the other , an illiterate ‘ multitude ’ with little or no religious commitment .

Indeed , Falkenhayn never attempted to break through the enemy lines — so far the sole tactic attempted by both sides — but planned rather to bleed France white by attacking that which the French nation would not tolerate being taken .
indeed , falkenhayn never [tried] to break through the enemy lines — so far the sole tactic [tried] by both sides — but planned rather to bleed france white by attacking that which the french nation would not tolerate being taken .

The journey South down the Sound of Iona and on eastward towards Colonsay is a tricky piece of navigation , not to be attempted in the dark or without the aid of charts , binoculars , compass and depth gauge .
the journey south down the sound of iona and on eastward towards colonsay is a tricky piece of navigation , not to be [tried] in the dark or without the aid of charts , binoculars , compass and depth gauge .

Nazism appealed to the romanticism of the German people and attempted to re-create the rituals and folklore of its pagan past .
nazism appealed to the romanticism of the german people and [tried] to re-create the rituals and folklore of its pagan past .

Stories abounded of his drunkenness and adventures with women , including attempted rapes , even before he was legally an adult .
stories abounded of his drunkenness and adventures with women , including [tried] rapes , even before he was legally an adult .

The South Face had been attempted before by teams from Italy and Britain .
the south face had been [tried] before by teams from italy and britain .

As well as climbing Thalay Sagar , members of the expedition which included Gordon Scott , Sue Grimley and American Jordan Campbell , climbed Rudugaira , 5,364m , and attempted ascents of Ratangrian , 5,852m and two other impressive unclimbed rock spires in the area .
as well as climbing thalay sagar , members of the expedition which included gordon scott , sue grimley and american jordan campbell , climbed rudugaira , 5,364m , and [tried] ascents of ratangrian , 5,852m and two other impressive unclimbed rock spires in the area .

Until then , nothing half-way as bold on rock had ever been attempted .
until then , nothing half-way as bold on rock had ever been [tried] .

Over the past 18 months the MCofS have attempted to arrive at the compromise statement on the contentious issue of bolting in Scotland .
over the past 18 months the mcofs have [tried] to arrive at the compromise statement on the contentious issue of bolting in scotland .

When the Jerusalem authorities , both Jewish and Roman , attempted to gag the Christian witnesses by threats and the token arrest of Peter and John , the Christians responded by taking the matter to the Lord in prayer .
when the jerusalem authorities , both jewish and roman , [tried] to gag the christian witnesses by threats and the token arrest of peter and john , the christians responded by taking the matter to the lord in prayer .

Of course , too much should not be attempted at any one time , and the ideas should not run ahead of our abilities to put them into effect .
of course , too much should not be [tried] at any one time , and the ideas should not run ahead of our abilities to put them into effect .

’ He attempted an atrocious imitation of my English accent .
’ he [tried] an atrocious imitation of my english accent .

There is no reason to assume , for instance , that the attempted assassination of William Black in January of that year was totally unique .
there is no reason to assume , for instance , that the [tried] assassination of william black in january of that year was totally unique .

This left Williams alone to face the attempted murder charge , which eventually was tried in Belfast on 27th and 28th June 1973 .
this left williams alone to face the [tried] murder charge , which eventually was tried in belfast on 27th and 28th june 1973 .

On assumption of power labour attempted to implement a programme of progressive reform but in pursuit of this adopted methods that were seen by opponents to be an open challenge to representative democracy .
on assumption of power labour [tried] to implement a programme of progressive reform but in pursuit of this adopted methods that were seen by opponents to be an open challenge to representative democracy .

Expenditure was relatively high not because of extravagant socialist schemes , but because the labour group attempted to overcome years of neglect by providing basic needs for a rapidly increasing population .
expenditure was relatively high not because of extravagant socialist schemes , but because the labour group [tried] to overcome years of neglect by providing basic needs for a rapidly increasing population .

The Alliance attempted to mask the narrow sectional basis of ‘ economy ’ by popular appeals to the whole electorate ; in this it contrasted sharply with Labour , and so the nature of the appeal is worth closer scrutiny . In a leaflet entitled What is the West Ham Municipal Alliance ? , Lt Colonel Luscombe explained that the Alliance had originally been formed ‘ to oppose the Socialists and save West Ham ’ :
the alliance [tried] to mask the narrow sectional basis of ‘ economy ’ by popular appeals to the whole electorate ; in this it contrasted sharply with labour , and so the nature of the appeal is worth closer scrutiny . in a leaflet entitled what is the west ham municipal alliance ? , lt colonel luscombe explained that the alliance had originally been formed ‘ to oppose the socialists and save west ham ’ :

The popular appeal of the Alliance , attempted as part of a hegemonic strategy to mobilise support by neutralising antagonistic class relations , exploiting discontent with , inter alia , the intrusion of ‘ extreme ’ political forms , and incorporating working-class demands for social reform .
the popular appeal of the alliance , [tried] as part of a hegemonic strategy to mobilise support by neutralising antagonistic class relations , exploiting discontent with , inter alia , the intrusion of ‘ extreme ’ political forms , and incorporating working-class demands for social reform .

For Joan this would be no ordinary meeting with him to whom ostensibly she was affianced , an enterprise attempted solely to reassure the royal family as to the princes ’ welfare .
for joan this would be no ordinary meeting with him to whom ostensibly she was affianced , an enterprise [tried] solely to reassure the royal family as to the princes ’ welfare .

It is a daunting task to compile an adequate list , but it has been successfully attempted in such publications as Crane and Kaye 's Census of British Newspapers and Periodicals , 1620–1800 ( 1927 ) , and the Library Association 's Subject-Index to Periodicals .
it is a daunting task to compile an adequate list , but it has been successfully [tried] in such publications as crane and kaye 's census of british newspapers and periodicals , 1620–1800 ( 1927 ) , and the library association 's subject-index to periodicals .

The French and Greek socialists ' electoral victories in 1981 saw de facto administrative purges and the attempted integration of party policy specialists within the new ministries .
the french and greek socialists ' electoral victories in 1981 saw de facto administrative purges and the [tried] integration of party policy specialists within the new ministries .

He attempted a takeover bid of the major fascist groups , demanding their subordination and acceptance of him as their new leader .
he [tried] a takeover bid of the major fascist groups , demanding their subordination and acceptance of him as their new leader .

At the beginning of 1934 be attempted to gain more influential and financial support from establishment and entrepreneurial sources ; hence the formation of the January Club , a dining group which although not specifically a front organization , nevertheless was designed to influence politicians , businessmen and members of the armed services towards the fascist case .
at the beginning of 1934 be [tried] to gain more influential and financial support from establishment and entrepreneurial sources ; hence the formation of the january club , a dining group which although not specifically a front organization , nevertheless was designed to influence politicians , businessmen and members of the armed services towards the fascist case .

Our colonizing ancestors could not deny ( although some attempted to ) that they were dealing with representatives , however imperfect , of a single human species — Homo sapiens ; but they could assert that the tenuous affinities they were prepared to recognize lay with their own most remote and primitive forebears .
our colonizing ancestors could not deny ( although some [tried] to ) that they were dealing with representatives , however imperfect , of a single human species — homo sapiens ; but they could assert that the tenuous affinities they were prepared to recognize lay with their own most remote and primitive forebears .

The Care in the Community initiative in 1981 attempted to force the pace .
the care in the community initiative in 1981 [tried] to force the pace .

The reason for highlighting this instance of attempted change can now be made clear .
the reason for highlighting this instance of [tried] change can now be made clear .

In this sense professionals have already attempted to break down the norms of public discourse to bring on the clients of welfare who have suffered in silence .
in this sense professionals have already [tried] to break down the norms of public discourse to bring on the clients of welfare who have suffered in silence .

Despite the apparent gentleness of the Glancy approach to the sensitivities of staff at Friern , when the members of the authority attempted to work out a process for implementing its recommendations , they ran into considerable difficulties .
despite the apparent gentleness of the glancy approach to the sensitivities of staff at friern , when the members of the authority [tried] to work out a process for implementing its recommendations , they ran into considerable difficulties .

No further colonization could be attempted while the war with Spain went on , partly because ships bound for the North American seacoast were forced by the prevailing winds to go uncomfortably far north or dangerously close to the Spanish settlement in the south , but interest revived after peace was made with Spain in 1604 .
no further colonization could be [tried] while the war with spain went on , partly because ships bound for the north american seacoast were forced by the prevailing winds to go uncomfortably far north or dangerously close to the spanish settlement in the south , but interest revived after peace was made with spain in 1604 .

The Act also attempted to deal with the problem of the tendency of defence lawyers to pillory a woman if she had had any non-marital sexual experience .
the act also [tried] to deal with the problem of the tendency of defence lawyers to pillory a woman if she had had any non-marital sexual experience .

The Act thus attempted to control the admissibility of such evidence in the courtroom for reasons not only for its biasing effects upon a jury , but also for subsequent press coverage , which is often based on courtroom interaction .
the act thus [tried] to control the admissibility of such evidence in the courtroom for reasons not only for its biasing effects upon a jury , but also for subsequent press coverage , which is often based on courtroom interaction .

The changes in the period 1971 to 1978 are particularly important since the sample years are either side of the 1976 Act which attempted to restrain press coverage of rape .
the changes in the period 1971 to 1978 are particularly important since the sample years are either side of the 1976 act which [tried] to restrain press coverage of rape .

The youths attempted to defend themselves by claiming that the girls , who were returning from a pop concert , had consented .
the youths [tried] to defend themselves by claiming that the girls , who were returning from a pop concert , had consented .

Troubles continue to pile up for Sequoia Systems Inc and now Ultimate Corp has filed a lawsuit against it alleging among other things that Sequoia has sold and attempted to sell its computer systems and maintenance services directly to Ultimate 's dealers and customers in violation of its contractual obligations , that it has disparaged and defamed Ultimate to such customers and dealers , and has interfered with Ultimate 's relationships with such customers and dealers .
troubles continue to pile up for sequoia systems inc and now ultimate corp has filed a lawsuit against it alleging among other things that sequoia has sold and [tried] to sell its computer systems and maintenance services directly to ultimate 's dealers and customers in violation of its contractual obligations , that it has disparaged and defamed ultimate to such customers and dealers , and has interfered with ultimate 's relationships with such customers and dealers .

It was said that he was not enamoured of the tight business disciplines which they attempted to impose .
it was said that he was not enamoured of the tight business disciplines which they [tried] to impose .

In July 1991 six soldiers were charged in connection with the deaths of Karen Reilly and Martin Peake : one with murder , two with attempted murder , and all six with attempting to pervert the course of justice and obstructing the police investigation .
in july 1991 six soldiers were charged in connection with the deaths of karen reilly and martin peake : one with murder , two with [tried] murder , and all six with attempting to pervert the course of justice and obstructing the police investigation .

In Indonesia , in October 1990 , post-graduate researcher Bonar Tigor Naipospos was sentenced to eight and a half years ' imprisonment because he ‘ attempted to undermine Indonesian state ideology ’ through participation in a university study group and distributing banned literature .
in indonesia , in october 1990 , post-graduate researcher bonar tigor naipospos was sentenced to eight and a half years ' imprisonment because he ‘ [tried] to undermine indonesian state ideology ’ through participation in a university study group and distributing banned literature .

Biological , psychoanalytic , ethological , ecological , social learning , and cognitive theorists have all attempted to further our understanding of aggression .
biological , psychoanalytic , ethological , ecological , social learning , and cognitive theorists have all [tried] to further our understanding of aggression .

The sociologist Scheff is probably the social scientist who has attempted the most thoroughgoing analysis of catharsis in social life .
the sociologist scheff is probably the social scientist who has [tried] the most thoroughgoing analysis of catharsis in social life .

Once this is done , healing is attempted .
once this is done , healing is [tried] .

My point is simply that once an ‘ emic ’ definition is attempted , we must go beyond looking for an ‘ essential ’ definition of an isolated concept , and discuss the whole structure of moral categories .
my point is simply that once an ‘ emic ’ definition is [tried] , we must go beyond looking for an ‘ essential ’ definition of an isolated concept , and discuss the whole structure of moral categories .

‘ There was an attempted suicide at the prison .
‘ there was an [tried] suicide at the prison .

In the Brecon Beacons , the Pen y Fan walk can be attempted , to the highest peak in the region .
in the brecon beacons , the pen y fan walk can be [tried] , to the highest peak in the region .

The top of the ‘ face ’ then runs along the Kuril Islands to Japan , staying always on the ocean side of these chains — down through the Marianas — Saipan , Guam , Palau — to a point just east of the Spice Islands , which played so large a part in the saga of Magellan and his attempted circumnavigation .
the top of the ‘ face ’ then runs along the kuril islands to japan , staying always on the ocean side of these chains — down through the marianas — saipan , guam , palau — to a point just east of the spice islands , which played so large a part in the saga of magellan and his [tried] circumnavigation .

Day by day , under the hot September sun , it wound its way steadily southwestwards , stopping for a few hours here , for half a week there , while Balboa attempted — in most cases , successfully — to make and consolidate friendships with the leaders of the tribes on whose lands he trod .
day by day , under the hot september sun , it wound its way steadily southwestwards , stopping for a few hours here , for half a week there , while balboa [tried] — in most cases , successfully — to make and consolidate friendships with the leaders of the tribes on whose lands he trod .

An orbiting imperial cruiser must have noted the attempted escape .
an orbiting imperial cruiser must have noted the [tried] escape .

Still the rain , all week it had rained , and his coat was barely dried out from the previous evening and his shoes were still wet and had rejected the polish he had attempted over his breakfast .
still the rain , all week it had rained , and his coat was barely dried out from the previous evening and his shoes were still wet and had rejected the polish he had [tried] over his breakfast .

It was this version of the union treaty that was to have been signed by Russian and other representatives on 20 August , and it was apparently to prevent this weakening of central authority , particularly in military and budgetary matters , that the attempted coup was launched one day beforehand .
it was this version of the union treaty that was to have been signed by russian and other representatives on 20 august , and it was apparently to prevent this weakening of central authority , particularly in military and budgetary matters , that the [tried] coup was launched one day beforehand .

Influenced by considerations such as these , successive leaderships had attempted since almost the beginning of the war to extricate their forces from the conflict .
influenced by considerations such as these , successive leaderships had [tried] since almost the beginning of the war to extricate their forces from the conflict .

Rolly single-handedly attempted to apprehend the youths , put out the fire and administer first aid to barman Wheeler .
rolly single-handedly [tried] to apprehend the youths , put out the fire and administer first aid to barman wheeler .

Finn and Francie never attempted to light the geyser .
finn and francie never [tried] to light the geyser .

The nymph attempted a final arabesque but the effort proved too much for her weak heart .
the nymph [tried] a final arabesque but the effort proved too much for her weak heart .

He left most of his meal , and seemed uninterested in any of the conversation she attempted , answering in monosyllables most of the time .
he left most of his meal , and seemed uninterested in any of the conversation she [tried] , answering in monosyllables most of the time .

He 'd met Elaine on several trips around the island which Christina had arranged , including a hilarious afternoon when the three of them decided to try out the hotel 's water sports and attempted to learn to water-ski after too many rum sours at the Reef Bar .
he 'd met elaine on several trips around the island which christina had arranged , including a hilarious afternoon when the three of them decided to try out the hotel 's water sports and [tried] to learn to water-ski after too many rum sours at the reef bar .

She attempted to laugh .
she [tried] to laugh .

Bernice had attempted , with little success , to explain her presence on the planet .
bernice had [tried] , with little success , to explain her presence on the planet .

The Cell groaned an attempted response .
the cell groaned an [tried] response .

’ he attempted to shout back .
’ he [tried] to shout back .

She attempted to stand .
she [tried] to stand .

On the contrary , when that afternoon 's session ended and we were walking back across the campus , he put one of his Anglepoise arms across my shoulders and attempted some avuncularity .
on the contrary , when that afternoon 's session ended and we were walking back across the campus , he put one of his anglepoise arms across my shoulders and [tried] some avuncularity .

Gingerly , they attempted to get up .
gingerly , they [tried] to get up .

So far in this book we have attempted to deal with some of the basic ‘ building blocks ’ of language : its lexical stock and grammatical structures .
so far in this book we have [tried] to deal with some of the basic ‘ building blocks ’ of language : its lexical stock and grammatical structures .

Once the first contacts were made , the fieldworker attempted to fulfil certain goals which are outlined only briefly here ( see Labov 1981 : 8 for details ) .
once the first contacts were made , the fieldworker [tried] to fulfil certain goals which are outlined only briefly here ( see labov 1981 : 8 for details ) .

Where possible , fieldworkers attempted to record a male and a female at each address , and since very often both were not at home at the time of the first visit , a second and even a third visit was arranged to most addresses .
where possible , fieldworkers [tried] to record a male and a female at each address , and since very often both were not at home at the time of the first visit , a second and even a third visit was arranged to most addresses .

For this reason a number of researchers have attempted to work with speaker variables which are less abstract than social class , teasing out more specific aspects of the relationship between language and social structure .
for this reason a number of researchers have [tried] to work with speaker variables which are less abstract than social class , teasing out more specific aspects of the relationship between language and social structure .

For some years now , sociolinguists have attempted to extend quantitative methods to the study of syntactic variation , and have met with a number of problems which are both methodological and of a broader theoretical kind .
for some years now , sociolinguists have [tried] to extend quantitative methods to the study of syntactic variation , and have met with a number of problems which are both methodological and of a broader theoretical kind .

Section 7.4 reviews some quantitative studies which have attempted to take over directly from phonology the notion of the semantically neutral variable , and in subsequent sections analyses of variation which explicitly take into account semantic and discourse factors are discussed .
section 7.4 reviews some quantitative studies which have [tried] to take over directly from phonology the notion of the semantically neutral variable , and in subsequent sections analyses of variation which explicitly take into account semantic and discourse factors are discussed .

Anybody did n't arrive Labov had hypothesized that there was ‘ a regular gradient of negative attraction to quantifiers , strongest to any , weaker for each and every , weakest for all ’ ( 1975 : 19 ) . This is parallel to the gradient of acceptability which emerged from Harris 's results , and Labov attempted to accommodate the tendency of speakers to avoid making absolute judgements by asking them to assign to each sentence a score on a four-point scale , as follows :
anybody did n't arrive labov had hypothesized that there was ‘ a regular gradient of negative attraction to quantifiers , strongest to any , weaker for each and every , weakest for all ’ ( 1975 : 19 ) . this is parallel to the gradient of acceptability which emerged from harris 's results , and labov [tried] to accommodate the tendency of speakers to avoid making absolute judgements by asking them to assign to each sentence a score on a four-point scale , as follows :

During the mid 1980 's , a major bank attempted to develop electronic procedures to facilitate trading in North Sea crude oil with the support of a centralized registry .
during the mid 1980 's , a major bank [tried] to develop electronic procedures to facilitate trading in north sea crude oil with the support of a centralized registry .

An electronic or telecommunicated substitute for the paper based document is needed , and SeaDocs attempted to provide it .
an electronic or telecommunicated substitute for the paper based document is needed , and seadocs [tried] to provide it .

So far this chapter has attempted first to document the range of inequalities existing today in the areas of education , health , housing , work and income maintenance services after more than thirty years of welfare state policies ; and second , to estimate the trends in these inequalities during the same period , and the effects of social policies upon them .
so far this chapter has [tried] first to document the range of inequalities existing today in the areas of education , health , housing , work and income maintenance services after more than thirty years of welfare state policies ; and second , to estimate the trends in these inequalities during the same period , and the effects of social policies upon them .

Mushkin attempted this by using the same methodology that Denison used in relation to education and in relation to health for the period 1960–80 .
mushkin [tried] this by using the same methodology that denison used in relation to education and in relation to health for the period 1960–80 .

In another study in Scotland , Beaumont attempted to calculate the success of the Employment Training Scheme by finding out the proportion of migrants who remained employed in the destination areas for at least twelve months .
in another study in scotland , beaumont [tried] to calculate the success of the employment training scheme by finding out the proportion of migrants who remained employed in the destination areas for at least twelve months .

They were told by the police that there was reason to fear a breach of the peace if they proceeded and , when they attempted to push through , they were arrested for obstructing the police .
they were told by the police that there was reason to fear a breach of the peace if they proceeded and , when they [tried] to push through , they were arrested for obstructing the police .

Since the day of Rosie 's wedding reception , Huw had been a regular visitor at the Watermen , though Connor never told Ruth about the attempted assault on the young man by the Brotherhood 's Punishment Squad .
since the day of rosie 's wedding reception , huw had been a regular visitor at the watermen , though connor never told ruth about the [tried] assault on the young man by the brotherhood 's punishment squad .

These artists clearly stand close to the Pioneers and are attempting to adapt black-figure to the new movement , with some success : crowded compositions , figures overlapping each other or the borders or cut off by them , vigorous drawing with rather slap dash incision ; but the elaborate fore shortenings and musculature are not much attempted and do not come off very well .
these artists clearly stand close to the pioneers and are attempting to adapt black-figure to the new movement , with some success : crowded compositions , figures overlapping each other or the borders or cut off by them , vigorous drawing with rather slap dash incision ; but the elaborate fore shortenings and musculature are not much [tried] and do not come off very well .

At the root of these distinctions is an attempted differentiation between the production of one kind of object and another .
at the root of these distinctions is an [tried] differentiation between the production of one kind of object and another .

There can be no doubt that over the whole range covered by these attempted distinctions there are substantial differences of immediacy and perception of use and need .
there can be no doubt that over the whole range covered by these [tried] distinctions there are substantial differences of immediacy and perception of use and need .

But this has significantly led , within each art , to further attempted distinctions between ‘ commercial ’ and other ( ‘ creative ’ , ‘ authentic ’ ) forms of the same manifest practice .
but this has significantly led , within each art , to further [tried] distinctions between ‘ commercial ’ and other ( ‘ creative ’ , ‘ authentic ’ ) forms of the same manifest practice .

And while we should never pretend that the distinctions are adequate , in their usually rather complacent conventional forms , it would be quite wrong to disregard the actual or attempted social relations , of an alternative kind , which the attempts at differentiation , and the initiatives and marginal institutions corresponding to them , undoubtedly represent .
and while we should never pretend that the distinctions are adequate , in their usually rather complacent conventional forms , it would be quite wrong to disregard the actual or [tried] social relations , of an alternative kind , which the attempts at differentiation , and the initiatives and marginal institutions corresponding to them , undoubtedly represent .

Conditions then vary from those in which the cultural institutions and their producers are wholly subordinated to general state policy — a condition often made harsher by full or attempted monopoly of all means of cultural production — to more nuanced situations in which , while general policy direction is exercised , the practical relations are not significantly different from those in modern patronal and intermediate bodies , which of course also , in varying ways , have general policy directions in accordance with the social order in which they are working .
conditions then vary from those in which the cultural institutions and their producers are wholly subordinated to general state policy — a condition often made harsher by full or [tried] monopoly of all means of cultural production — to more nuanced situations in which , while general policy direction is exercised , the practical relations are not significantly different from those in modern patronal and intermediate bodies , which of course also , in varying ways , have general policy directions in accordance with the social order in which they are working .

There were attempted revivals of the earlier spirit , as in the compagnonnage movement of self-organizing journeymen .
there were [tried] revivals of the earlier spirit , as in the compagnonnage movement of self-organizing journeymen .

The period in which these ideas were becoming general , from the late eighteenth century , is also the period of the attempted distinction between ( ‘ external ’ ) ‘ civilization ’ and ( ‘ internal ’ or ‘ human ’ ) ‘ culture ’ .
the period in which these ideas were becoming general , from the late eighteenth century , is also the period of the [tried] distinction between ( ‘ external ’ ) ‘ civilization ’ and ( ‘ internal ’ or ‘ human ’ ) ‘ culture ’ .

Within aristocratic and mercantile societies , conflicts about style and tendency , as well as more general social and economic tensions and conflicts in arts practice , were often resolved , or could be attempted to be resolved , by movement from one patron or kind of patron or intermediary to another .
within aristocratic and mercantile societies , conflicts about style and tendency , as well as more general social and economic tensions and conflicts in arts practice , were often resolved , or could be [tried] to be resolved , by movement from one patron or kind of patron or intermediary to another .

Formations of the more modern kinds may be seen to occur , typically , at points of transition and intersection within a complex social history , but the individuals who at once compose the formations and are composed by them have a further complex range of diverse positions , interests and influences , some of which are resolved ( if at times only temporarily ) by the formations , others of which remain as internal differences , as tensions , and often as the grounds for subsequent divergences , breakaways , breakups and further attempted formations .
formations of the more modern kinds may be seen to occur , typically , at points of transition and intersection within a complex social history , but the individuals who at once compose the formations and are composed by them have a further complex range of diverse positions , interests and influences , some of which are resolved ( if at times only temporarily ) by the formations , others of which remain as internal differences , as tensions , and often as the grounds for subsequent divergences , breakaways , breakups and further [tried] formations .

We can observe a familiar transition from a relatively general training , in these highly valued skills , to degrees of specialization and professionalization in more complex societies , but some forms of specialization seem to be remarkably early and , on the other hand , there are probably no societies in which relatively general training in forms of these basic skills is not attempted .
we can observe a familiar transition from a relatively general training , in these highly valued skills , to degrees of specialization and professionalization in more complex societies , but some forms of specialization seem to be remarkably early and , on the other hand , there are probably no societies in which relatively general training in forms of these basic skills is not [tried] .

But also , either substituting for this , or modifying it , there are many cases of practical internal co-ordination by the professional company : a mode now more consciously attempted by modern cultural collectives .
but also , either substituting for this , or modifying it , there are many cases of practical internal co-ordination by the professional company : a mode now more consciously [tried] by modern cultural collectives .

He never suggested she should gamble — it was Lionel only who attempted to persuade her : ( ‘ Not gamble ?
he never suggested she should gamble — it was lionel only who [tried] to persuade her : ( ‘ not gamble ?

When he expressed his desire to go to sea , David had attempted to dissuade him , saying , ‘ It 's a hard life , Matthew .
when he expressed his desire to go to sea , david had [tried] to dissuade him , saying , ‘ it 's a hard life , matthew .

Those organizations , most notably the Countryside Commission , which have earnestly attempted to reconcile the viewpoints of farmers and environmentalists have had a hard time .
those organizations , most notably the countryside commission , which have earnestly [tried] to reconcile the viewpoints of farmers and environmentalists have had a hard time .

They attempted to increase the supply of low-cost housing through , for example , shared-ownership schemes , but did not encourage developers or housing associations to build accessible housing .
they [tried] to increase the supply of low-cost housing through , for example , shared-ownership schemes , but did not encourage developers or housing associations to build accessible housing .

Early approaches to the study of ageing attempted to explain how people react to the ageing process in psychological or behavioural terms ( Cumming and Henry , 1961 ; Neugarten , 1968 ) .
early approaches to the study of ageing [tried] to explain how people react to the ageing process in psychological or behavioural terms ( cumming and henry , 1961 ; neugarten , 1968 ) .

’ Elinor attempted a smile as she quoted what Buzz had so often told the girls in years past .
’ elinor [tried] a smile as she quoted what buzz had so often told the girls in years past .

Similarly inconclusive are studies that have attempted to evaluate the managerialist hypothesis through surveys of management attitudes based on questionnaires .
similarly inconclusive are studies that have [tried] to evaluate the managerialist hypothesis through surveys of management attitudes based on questionnaires .

She had made it clear to the woman that she had strong Nazi sympathies , and often attempted to talk about the war in the desert , but to no avail .
she had made it clear to the woman that she had strong nazi sympathies , and often [tried] to talk about the war in the desert , but to no avail .

Her shoulders attempted a shrug of indifference but remained defensively hunched .
her shoulders [tried] a shrug of indifference but remained defensively hunched .

He attempted to envisage and explain the incredible feat of navigation undertaken by Captain Bligh after the Mutiny .
he [tried] to envisage and explain the incredible feat of navigation undertaken by captain bligh after the mutiny .

She had attempted to clean up at least .
she had [tried] to clean up at least .

Lizzy 's attempted suicide had been whispered around the station by now , she was sure .
lizzy 's [tried] suicide had been whispered around the station by now , she was sure .

Sharpe 1976 ; Delamont 1980 ) have attempted to redress this imbalance , by using all-female , rather than mixed samples , treating the quality of education received by girls as a serious issue , in a way that was rare before the late 1970s .
sharpe 1976 ; delamont 1980 ) have [tried] to redress this imbalance , by using all-female , rather than mixed samples , treating the quality of education received by girls as a serious issue , in a way that was rare before the late 1970s .

Then , with characteristic egotism , on 19 August MacArthur used his position as Supreme Commander of all forces in the Far East to issue an order that no surrender might be taken from any Japanese commander and no landing attempted before the formal signing of the surrender in Tokyo Bay .
then , with characteristic egotism , on 19 august macarthur used his position as supreme commander of all forces in the far east to issue an order that no surrender might be taken from any japanese commander and no landing [tried] before the formal signing of the surrender in tokyo bay .

Attempted Communist Takeover
[tried] communist takeover

As discussed in this chapter , a number of challenges must be met any time a transformational change is attempted :
as discussed in this chapter , a number of challenges must be met any time a transformational change is [tried] :

If theorists attempted this task it is likely that they would find themselves following in the footsteps of the more deterministic elements of Durkheim 's sociology , which have not the aspects they have favoured so far ( Deutscher , 1984 ; Farr , 1984 ) .
if theorists [tried] this task it is likely that they would find themselves following in the footsteps of the more deterministic elements of durkheim 's sociology , which have not the aspects they have favoured so far ( deutscher , 1984 ; farr , 1984 ) .

Like the army officers , the writer attempted to justify the recruitment practices of the Guards , and , as might be expected from a serious organ of right-wing opinion , more ingenuity was shown in the search for justificatory reasons than was by the lower-ranking quoted officers .
like the army officers , the writer [tried] to justify the recruitment practices of the guards , and , as might be expected from a serious organ of right-wing opinion , more ingenuity was shown in the search for justificatory reasons than was by the lower-ranking quoted officers .

Instead , Klein supplied the child with a variety of material forms such as human figures of various sizes , plasticine and other malleable substances , and attempted to interpret its actions in relation to them .
instead , klein supplied the child with a variety of material forms such as human figures of various sizes , plasticine and other malleable substances , and [tried] to interpret its actions in relation to them .

Recent objectivist approaches in the social sciences and philosophy have attempted to equate all reference to the self with a particular and historical bourgeois self inextricably related to capitalism .
recent objectivist approaches in the social sciences and philosophy have [tried] to equate all reference to the self with a particular and historical bourgeois self inextricably related to capitalism .

Anthropologists , in turn , have attempted to argue that , for example , the transition from brideservice , in which labour is performed by the prospective groom , to bridewealth , where objects are given in exchange for the bride , marks a significant difference in the development of a phenomenon whereby objects may stand for human labour , with the implication that this is the first stage towards the conditions of property and alienation as we know them today ( Strathern 1985 ) .
anthropologists , in turn , have [tried] to argue that , for example , the transition from brideservice , in which labour is performed by the prospective groom , to bridewealth , where objects are given in exchange for the bride , marks a significant difference in the development of a phenomenon whereby objects may stand for human labour , with the implication that this is the first stage towards the conditions of property and alienation as we know them today ( strathern 1985 ) .

Various authors have attempted to investigate the qualities which pertain to the nature of spatial order as such ( e.g .
various authors have [tried] to investigate the qualities which pertain to the nature of spatial order as such ( e.g .

At first , researchers attempted to place this style in the area from which it was assumed to originate — perhaps Persia , China or Central Asia — but through historical research it became clear that this was based on the false premise that the cloth was made in the original style of a certain group of people .
at first , researchers [tried] to place this style in the area from which it was assumed to originate — perhaps persia , china or central asia — but through historical research it became clear that this was based on the false premise that the cloth was made in the original style of a certain group of people .

Religions have also often attempted to reduce all human action to stylistic embrace as an expression of cosmological pretensions .
religions have also often [tried] to reduce all human action to stylistic embrace as an expression of cosmological pretensions .

This approach attempted to identify what was problematic for manufacturing industry in those areas where it was declining fastest and , on the other hand , what was attractive about the areas where it was growing , at least relatively .
this approach [tried] to identify what was problematic for manufacturing industry in those areas where it was declining fastest and , on the other hand , what was attractive about the areas where it was growing , at least relatively .

These in turn have raised difficulties of evidence and proof in law which legislatures have attempted to circumvent by rejecting the traditional prerequisites of some degree of mental intent on the part of the deviant actor — the concept of mens rea — in favour of the ostensibly more easily managed notion of strict liability , permitting ( in theory ) legal enforceability of a prohibition without regard to the blameworthiness of the actor ( Harvard Law Review , 1979 ; Jacobs , 1971 ; Paulus , 1974 ) .
these in turn have raised difficulties of evidence and proof in law which legislatures have [tried] to circumvent by rejecting the traditional prerequisites of some degree of mental intent on the part of the deviant actor — the concept of mens rea — in favour of the ostensibly more easily managed notion of strict liability , permitting ( in theory ) legal enforceability of a prohibition without regard to the blameworthiness of the actor ( harvard law review , 1979 ; jacobs , 1971 ; paulus , 1974 ) .

The same may also be true of a similar approach to curriculum development , because a number of recent curriculum development projects have attempted to combine the resource advantages of the centralised project with the relevance of school-based development .
the same may also be true of a similar approach to curriculum development , because a number of recent curriculum development projects have [tried] to combine the resource advantages of the centralised project with the relevance of school-based development .

The exercise based on individual reports , attempted the previous year , had been modified to render the activity less threatening , and to reduce the workload placed on staff .
the exercise based on individual reports , [tried] the previous year , had been modified to render the activity less threatening , and to reduce the workload placed on staff .

During the nineteenth century , another thirteen hundred acts and awards brought , or attempted to bring , another one and a quarter million acres of heath and moor and commons under cultivation .
during the nineteenth century , another thirteen hundred acts and awards brought , or [tried] to bring , another one and a quarter million acres of heath and moor and commons under cultivation .

Now this space and a terrace of standard Great Northern Railway Company houses are all that remain of a venture which attempted to turn Mundesley from a tiny fishing village to a major seaside resort in the early years of this century .
now this space and a terrace of standard great northern railway company houses are all that remain of a venture which [tried] to turn mundesley from a tiny fishing village to a major seaside resort in the early years of this century .

Its time of usefulness was relatively short , though it lasted as a fortress until 1621 , when some local Protestants used it as their strong point in an attempted uprising against the new , official Catholicism of the region .
its time of usefulness was relatively short , though it lasted as a fortress until 1621 , when some local protestants used it as their strong point in an [tried] uprising against the new , official catholicism of the region .

We need to understand the extent to which oppositional practices have , wittingly or unwittingly , shared the assumptions of the dominant state-led strategies that have also attempted to respond to the black presence in British education and society .
we need to understand the extent to which oppositional practices have , wittingly or unwittingly , shared the assumptions of the dominant state-led strategies that have also [tried] to respond to the black presence in british education and society .

Afro-Caribbean parents , in particular , had consistently attempted to bring the fate of their children in British schools to public attention .
afro-caribbean parents , in particular , had consistently [tried] to bring the fate of their children in british schools to public attention .

Phizacklea and Miles ( 1979 , 1980 ) argue that , in the particular inner-city context that they researched , white racism operated not simply in the form of cultural stereotypes but as part of the process whereby white residents and workers attempted to make sense of public housing shortages , reduction in employment opportunities , and other aspects of urban decline .
phizacklea and miles ( 1979 , 1980 ) argue that , in the particular inner-city context that they researched , white racism operated not simply in the form of cultural stereotypes but as part of the process whereby white residents and workers [tried] to make sense of public housing shortages , reduction in employment opportunities , and other aspects of urban decline .

Nor have they attempted to develop with students their potential for creative explorations of the shifting contours of black and white British cultural and political identities .
nor have they [tried] to develop with students their potential for creative explorations of the shifting contours of black and white british cultural and political identities .

As Wilson recalled , his first experience of the courts occurred in April 1889 when he was fined five pounds and costs at Sunderland for having attempted to persuade two seamen to desert from the ss Edmonsley , an incident which Fairplay reported with glee . ``
as wilson recalled , his first experience of the courts occurred in april 1889 when he was fined five pounds and costs at sunderland for having [tried] to persuade two seamen to desert from the ss edmonsley , an incident which fairplay reported with glee . ``

From the very beginning of his career as a trade union official he had envisaged that the ideal situation would be one in which neither employer nor union attempted to dominate the employment situation , but in which both sides met on a conciliation board and jointly regulated the terms and conditions under which seamen followed their vocation and perhaps even the rates at which freight and passengers were transported .
from the very beginning of his career as a trade union official he had envisaged that the ideal situation would be one in which neither employer nor union [tried] to dominate the employment situation , but in which both sides met on a conciliation board and jointly regulated the terms and conditions under which seamen followed their vocation and perhaps even the rates at which freight and passengers were transported .

Meanwhile the inter-departmental Mercantile Marine Conciliation Committee , which had originally recommended the 1 August Ministry of Shipping initiative , but on which neither the owners nor the union were represented , attempted to keep the peace by bi-lateral negotiation with the two sides and with the independent local Liverpool Shipowners .
meanwhile the inter-departmental mercantile marine conciliation committee , which had originally recommended the 1 august ministry of shipping initiative , but on which neither the owners nor the union were represented , [tried] to keep the peace by bi-lateral negotiation with the two sides and with the independent local liverpool shipowners .

As neither is achievable ( or should be attempted at the expense of the other ) an overconstrained system exists .
as neither is achievable ( or should be [tried] at the expense of the other ) an overconstrained system exists .

For example , you are often asked to write down the numbers of the questions answered in the order in which they are attempted .
for example , you are often asked to write down the numbers of the questions answered in the order in which they are [tried] .

If he can not do this quickly — either because you have not told him what questions you have answered , or because you have indicated them in an order that is not that in which you have attempted them — he is likely to be mildly annoyed .
if he can not do this quickly — either because you have not told him what questions you have answered , or because you have indicated them in an order that is not that in which you have [tried] them — he is likely to be mildly annoyed .

If you have kept strictly to the time-table we have suggested , you will have at least 20 minutes left when the last question has been attempted .
if you have kept strictly to the time-table we have suggested , you will have at least 20 minutes left when the last question has been [tried] .

But at least you will have attempted the required number of questions .
but at least you will have [tried] the required number of questions .

She was driven back to Alexander , and attempted unsuccessfully to translate that very English poet into a divinity of the olive groves .
she was driven back to alexander , and [tried] unsuccessfully to translate that very english poet into a divinity of the olive groves .

In doing so the law would concentrate on what the accused dishonestly achieved or attempted to achieve and not on the means — taking or otherwise — which he used in order to do so .
in doing so the law would concentrate on what the accused dishonestly achieved or [tried] to achieve and not on the means — taking or otherwise — which he used in order to do so .

One group of Italian workers attempted to deal with the problem of ensuring equivalent left and right hemisphere damage in their two groups of patients by assessing simple reaction time to a visually presented stimulus .
one group of italian workers [tried] to deal with the problem of ensuring equivalent left and right hemisphere damage in their two groups of patients by assessing simple reaction time to a visually presented stimulus .

Kinsbourne ( 1972 ) and Kocel , Galin , Ornstein and Merrin ( 1972 ) attempted to differentially engage the left and right hemispheres by asking different types of questions .
kinsbourne ( 1972 ) and kocel , galin , ornstein and merrin ( 1972 ) [tried] to differentially engage the left and right hemispheres by asking different types of questions .

Hiscock ( 1977 ) therefore attempted to manipulate anxiety level experimentally and thereby observe the interaction of this variable with the presence or absence of an experimenter .
hiscock ( 1977 ) therefore [tried] to manipulate anxiety level experimentally and thereby observe the interaction of this variable with the presence or absence of an experimenter .

Often the same is attempted on video but there is a big difference .
often the same is [tried] on video but there is a big difference .

Looks a bit like Virginia Beach in a heavy haze , if you ask me , `` he said and attempted to shrug like the French captain .
looks a bit like virginia beach in a heavy haze , if you ask me , `` he said and [tried] to shrug like the french captain .

Conventional , unconventional : in the last half-hour of 1979 several of Liz and Charles Headleand 's guests attempted to formulate what , for them , had seemed to be the conventions of an eclectic , fragmented , purposeless decade ; some attempted to prophesy for the next .
conventional , unconventional : in the last half-hour of 1979 several of liz and charles headleand 's guests [tried] to formulate what , for them , had seemed to be the conventions of an eclectic , fragmented , purposeless decade ; some [tried] to prophesy for the next .

‘ Oh , do n't be ridiculous , Giles , calm down , calm down , come and have a nice Perrier water , ’ said Liz , taking his other arm , and , with Kate , attempting to lead him away from the fracas , as one would a child in a playground from its tormentor ( for Giles 's antagonist Paul Hargreaves , pale faced , dark suited , silver-grey tied , was smiling calmly with a horrible amusement at this distressing scene ) : but the desperate Giles was beyond leading , and fell back heavily as he attempted to disengage himself from his two intercessors , crashing into a large fern and some pots of bulbs and sending earth and splashes of champagne over the carpet .
‘ oh , do n't be ridiculous , giles , calm down , calm down , come and have a nice perrier water , ’ said liz , taking his other arm , and , with kate , attempting to lead him away from the fracas , as one would a child in a playground from its tormentor ( for giles 's antagonist paul hargreaves , pale faced , dark suited , silver-grey tied , was smiling calmly with a horrible amusement at this distressing scene ) : but the desperate giles was beyond leading , and fell back heavily as he [tried] to disengage himself from his two intercessors , crashing into a large fern and some pots of bulbs and sending earth and splashes of champagne over the carpet .

And these questions pursued her , buzzing like mosquitoes , as she walked up Marylebone High Street with her briefcase , as she crossed the Edgware Road , as she joined the conference group for sherry in the Westminster Suite , as she discovered that Edgar had rightly warned her that conversing with Japanese was not easy , as she ate her indifferent luncheon of Maryland chicken , as she listened to Professor Yamamoto speak on Spenser 's reinterpretation of Freud 's interpretation of folie à deux in the classic case of Orphan Eva and her mother , as she delivered her own paper , as she attempted desperately to follow the ensuing discussion , of which she could grasp only one word in ten : all through this crazy jumble of non-language and misunderstanding , of erudition and impenetrable obscurity , of meaningless signs and uninterpretable eye contact , the mosquitoes buzzed and nipped and drew blood .
and these questions pursued her , buzzing like mosquitoes , as she walked up marylebone high street with her briefcase , as she crossed the edgware road , as she joined the conference group for sherry in the westminster suite , as she discovered that edgar had rightly warned her that conversing with japanese was not easy , as she ate her indifferent luncheon of maryland chicken , as she listened to professor yamamoto speak on spenser 's reinterpretation of freud 's interpretation of folie à deux in the classic case of orphan eva and her mother , as she delivered her own paper , as she [tried] desperately to follow the ensuing discussion , of which she could grasp only one word in ten : all through this crazy jumble of non-language and misunderstanding , of erudition and impenetrable obscurity , of meaningless signs and uninterpretable eye contact , the mosquitoes buzzed and nipped and drew blood .

Illustrious educational institutions not merely offered them places , but also attempted to entice them .
illustrious educational institutions not merely offered them places , but also [tried] to entice them .

Liz attempted her first sketch of her mother , her first outline for the outside world of the domestic ghost with which she had lived so long : Alix spoke of her relief at escaping from the small boarding school world in which her parents and her contemporaries all knew one another far too well : Esther conjured up visions of both deprivation and splendour in her own past .
liz [tried] her first sketch of her mother , her first outline for the outside world of the domestic ghost with which she had lived so long : alix spoke of her relief at escaping from the small boarding school world in which her parents and her contemporaries all knew one another far too well : esther conjured up visions of both deprivation and splendour in her own past .

Theft — attempted theft of small sum — whether sufficiently serious to justify community service order
theft — [tried] theft of small sum — whether sufficiently serious to justify community service order

Officials attempted to disqualify him because his club colours were incorrectly displayed .
officials [tried] to disqualify him because his club colours were incorrectly displayed .

Japanese scientists attempted to discover whether they could change the behaviour patterns of the troupe .
japanese scientists [tried] to discover whether they could change the behaviour patterns of the troupe .

Marx attempted to reduce all forms of inequality to social class and argued that classes formed the only significant social groups in society .
marx [tried] to reduce all forms of inequality to social class and argued that classes formed the only significant social groups in society .

While conceding that ‘ thirty years of study and the writing of one million words must have left their mark on Newton 's mind ’ , Hall is inclined , on the whole , to reaffirm his verdict , published in a joint paper in 1958 , that Newton attempted to retrieve useful chemical facts from the enigmatic and mysterious terms employed by alchemists to conceal them .
while conceding that ‘ thirty years of study and the writing of one million words must have left their mark on newton 's mind ’ , hall is inclined , on the whole , to reaffirm his verdict , published in a joint paper in 1958 , that newton [tried] to retrieve useful chemical facts from the enigmatic and mysterious terms employed by alchemists to conceal them .

Westfall 's biography attempted to integrate the theology and the alchemy with what we now see as the genuinely ‘ scientific ’ activities of Newton .
westfall 's biography [tried] to integrate the theology and the alchemy with what we now see as the genuinely ‘ scientific ’ activities of newton .

By revisiting his own previous work , Delano has achieved something that very few photographers have even attempted before .
by revisiting his own previous work , delano has achieved something that very few photographers have even [tried] before .

That expansion had continued , alter Eion and Skyros , with the coercion of Karystos on Euboia , and the suppression of the revolt of Naxos , the largest island of the Cyclades , which attempted to revolt in the early 460s .
that expansion had continued , alter eion and skyros , with the coercion of karystos on euboia , and the suppression of the revolt of naxos , the largest island of the cyclades , which [tried] to revolt in the early 460s .

Numerous authors have attempted classifications , often not specifically with regard to housing but as part of a more general examination of social groupings in the countryside .
numerous authors have [tried] classifications , often not specifically with regard to housing but as part of a more general examination of social groupings in the countryside .

Occasionally , housing policies in local areas have attempted to restrict the sale of houses to local inhabitants .
occasionally , housing policies in local areas have [tried] to restrict the sale of houses to local inhabitants .

Legislation in the 1970s attempted to improve matters , but the only way realistically to overcome the problem is to provide more local authority dwellings near farms since owner-occupancy is beyond the means of virtually all agricultural employees .
legislation in the 1970s [tried] to improve matters , but the only way realistically to overcome the problem is to provide more local authority dwellings near farms since owner-occupancy is beyond the means of virtually all agricultural employees .

Moseley cites a University of East Anglia Survey in rural Norfolk which indicated that , in 1975 , only 8 per cent of households with an income of more than £2,000 per annum had no car , although even families with much lower incomes attempted to run cars in rural areas ( Moseley et al .
moseley cites a university of east anglia survey in rural norfolk which indicated that , in 1975 , only 8 per cent of households with an income of more than £2,000 per annum had no car , although even families with much lower incomes [tried] to run cars in rural areas ( moseley et al .

The Transport Act 1980 has attempted to encourage private operators to enter passenger transport under the philosophy that more competition will lead to better services .
the transport act 1980 has [tried] to encourage private operators to enter passenger transport under the philosophy that more competition will lead to better services .

We attempted to investigate , briefly , some aspect of ‘ way of life ’ and found Blacks and Whites had , on average , gone out just under three evenings in the previous week and Asians only one and a half times .
we [tried] to investigate , briefly , some aspect of ‘ way of life ’ and found blacks and whites had , on average , gone out just under three evenings in the previous week and asians only one and a half times .

Debate over the far-reaching consequences of the attempted confiscation action should not die with their acquittal .
debate over the far-reaching consequences of the [tried] confiscation action should not die with their acquittal .

He had been charged with the attempted murder of John Pearson , a Downs Syndrome child .
he had been charged with the [tried] murder of john pearson , a downs syndrome child .

The right wing of the party took this to heart : Gaitskell talked of the need to shed Labour 's ‘ cloth cap ’ image and attempted to ditch the famous clause four of the party constitution , the charter for nationalisation , as an electoral liability .
the right wing of the party took this to heart : gaitskell talked of the need to shed labour 's ‘ cloth cap ’ image and [tried] to ditch the famous clause four of the party constitution , the charter for nationalisation , as an electoral liability .

There has been a kind of stalemate in the class struggle which has placed governments in the position of tackling deep-rooted problems with technocratic instruments of strictly limited effectiveness : they have held the line on the balance of payments by means of periodic deflation , which has not really solved anything ; they have periodically checked inflation and attempted to rebuild industrial profitability by means of ad hoc incomes policy but have been unable either to maintain popular support for such policies or to push forward to a comprehensive planning of prices and incomes , investment and consumption .
there has been a kind of stalemate in the class struggle which has placed governments in the position of tackling deep-rooted problems with technocratic instruments of strictly limited effectiveness : they have held the line on the balance of payments by means of periodic deflation , which has not really solved anything ; they have periodically checked inflation and [tried] to rebuild industrial profitability by means of ad hoc incomes policy but have been unable either to maintain popular support for such policies or to push forward to a comprehensive planning of prices and incomes , investment and consumption .

It is in this context that we find the constant reference or allusion to ‘ sensuality ’ or the ‘ sensour ’ : an agenda for the analysis of either sculptural production or viewer-response , and in particular the question of how this description of works produced across distinct periods may be attempted .
it is in this context that we find the constant reference or allusion to ‘ sensuality ’ or the ‘ sensour ’ : an agenda for the analysis of either sculptural production or viewer-response , and in particular the question of how this description of works produced across distinct periods may be [tried] .

In the mid nineteenth century , Fermin Caballero attempted to divide agricultural Spain into three parts : the Cantabrian regions , where the hard-working race of ‘ gothic ’ small farmers had survived to create a stable peasant economy ; the basins of the Guadiana , the Guadalquivir , and Aragon , where the economic legacy of the Arab conquest was the latifundia ; the centre , where the two races had mingled and left an intermediary , medium-sized farm .
in the mid nineteenth century , fermin caballero [tried] to divide agricultural spain into three parts : the cantabrian regions , where the hard-working race of ‘ gothic ’ small farmers had survived to create a stable peasant economy ; the basins of the guadiana , the guadalquivir , and aragon , where the economic legacy of the arab conquest was the latifundia ; the centre , where the two races had mingled and left an intermediary , medium-sized farm .

Thus when , in the early years of the twentieth century , conservative statesmen wished both to satisfy regionalist demands and make the parliamentary system work as a vehicle for the ‘ real ’ demands of the electorate , it was the system of local government , first set up in Cadiz , that they attempted to reform .
thus when , in the early years of the twentieth century , conservative statesmen wished both to satisfy regionalist demands and make the parliamentary system work as a vehicle for the ‘ real ’ demands of the electorate , it was the system of local government , first set up in cadiz , that they [tried] to reform .

Such pictures she always found calming to her nerves and she had no need of the large net which was hung at the top of the staircase , to catch those distracted adolescents who attempted suicide in the converted country house where she received her education .
such pictures she always found calming to her nerves and she had no need of the large net which was hung at the top of the staircase , to catch those distracted adolescents who [tried] suicide in the converted country house where she received her education .

No counsel appearing on this appeal has attempted to defend those findings of fact or suggest that the reasons are in any way adequate .
no counsel appearing on this appeal has [tried] to defend those findings of fact or suggest that the reasons are in any way adequate .

The regime attempted to impose narrow restrictions on the ability of the different classes and groups within society to organize and articulate their aspirations .
the regime [tried] to impose narrow restrictions on the ability of the different classes and groups within society to organize and articulate their aspirations .

They attempted to propagate socialist ideas among the peasantry , and in 1874 two to three thousand young radicals ‘ went to the people ’ in the countryside .
they [tried] to propagate socialist ideas among the peasantry , and in 1874 two to three thousand young radicals ‘ went to the people ’ in the countryside .

Moderate leaders of the railway and postal workers attempted to force the formation of an all-socialist coalition , a ‘ homogeneous socialist government ’ .
moderate leaders of the railway and postal workers [tried] to force the formation of an all-socialist coalition , a ‘ homogeneous socialist government ’ .

The Octobrist party , whose leaders attempted to provide him with a base of support within the Duma , found themselves coming under increasing criticism , and the party fell apart .
the octobrist party , whose leaders [tried] to provide him with a base of support within the duma , found themselves coming under increasing criticism , and the party fell apart .

All of us have , at some time , taken matters into our own hands and attempted to improve on nature .
all of us have , at some time , taken matters into our own hands and [tried] to improve on nature .

However , nor surprisingly , critics have drawn comparisons between the Frenchman and Sir Norman Foster and have attempted to attach to Nouvel the tag of High Tech architect .
however , nor surprisingly , critics have drawn comparisons between the frenchman and sir norman foster and have [tried] to attach to nouvel the tag of high tech architect .

‘ Tommy Cook , your are being arrested for the attempted murders of … ‘
‘ tommy cook , your are being arrested for the [tried] murders of … ‘

Christopher Jabelman , above left , was haunted by anxiety and depression , which he attempted to quell with sweet sherry . His front door , above , was always open
christopher jabelman , above left , was haunted by anxiety and depression , which he [tried] to quell with sweet sherry . his front door , above , was always open

But he was haunted from an early age by anxiety and depression , which he attempted to quell with sherry .
but he was haunted from an early age by anxiety and depression , which he [tried] to quell with sherry .

Tommy Cook pleaded guilty to two murders , one attempted murder and related charges .
tommy cook pleaded guilty to two murders , one [tried] murder and related charges .

Iain MacPherson pleaded not guilty to two charges of murder , one attempted murder and related charges .
iain macpherson pleaded not guilty to two charges of murder , one [tried] murder and related charges .

Some theorists have attempted to counter these objections by reference to the ‘ social contract ’ , a theory which provides a general account of political obligation ( see especially Murphy , 1979 ) .
some theorists have [tried] to counter these objections by reference to the ‘ social contract ’ , a theory which provides a general account of political obligation ( see especially murphy , 1979 ) .

Rusche and Kirchheimer attempted to demonstrate that penal practices in any society were directly connected to the mode of production .
rusche and kirchheimer [tried] to demonstrate that penal practices in any society were directly connected to the mode of production .

Most of the other forms of crime fiction spring from it , either in angry reaction or attempted improvement .
most of the other forms of crime fiction spring from it , either in angry reaction or [tried] improvement .

On the other hand , there were the numerous authors who attempted to trump Conan Doyle 's ace by having extremely unsupermen heroes .
on the other hand , there were the numerous authors who [tried] to trump conan doyle 's ace by having extremely unsupermen heroes .

Both Byzantium and Rome felt themselves threatened and attempted to suppress the Bogomils .
both byzantium and rome felt themselves threatened and [tried] to suppress the bogomils .

Hungarian kings , with papal blessing , attempted to conquer Bosnia and Hercegovina , in order to destroy the Bogomils , at the same time winning territory for themselves and souls for Rome .
hungarian kings , with papal blessing , [tried] to conquer bosnia and hercegovina , in order to destroy the bogomils , at the same time winning territory for themselves and souls for rome .

Aware of the danger from the Turks , he attempted to create alliances with his northern and western neighbours , the Bosnians , the Hungarians , the Croats , the Ragusans , the Venetians and the Albanians .
aware of the danger from the turks , he [tried] to create alliances with his northern and western neighbours , the bosnians , the hungarians , the croats , the ragusans , the venetians and the albanians .

The Hungarians attempted to create a marcher zone to protect their frontier against the Turks by supporting Bosnian resistance in the area between Jajce and the Sava , but after the battle of Mohács in 1526 these pockets of resistance soon collapsed and virtually all Bosnia and Hercegovina lay under the rule of the sultans until the late nineteenth century .
the hungarians [tried] to create a marcher zone to protect their frontier against the turks by supporting bosnian resistance in the area between jajce and the sava , but after the battle of mohács in 1526 these pockets of resistance soon collapsed and virtually all bosnia and hercegovina lay under the rule of the sultans until the late nineteenth century .

Selim , aware of the strength of feeling amongst the Serbs against the janissaries , attempted to prevent the return of these unruly troops to the pashalik .
selim , aware of the strength of feeling amongst the serbs against the janissaries , [tried] to prevent the return of these unruly troops to the pashalik .

The latter sent material aid , the former attempted to mediate between the Serbs and the Turks in order to win by negotiation the reforms which the Serbs desired — a degree of autonomy and the restoration of Selim 's reforms of 1783 .
the latter sent material aid , the former [tried] to mediate between the serbs and the turks in order to win by negotiation the reforms which the serbs desired — a degree of autonomy and the restoration of selim 's reforms of 1783 .

The Grand Vizier Hursid Pasha , who entered Belgrade in late October 1813 , was powerless to stop this holocaust , but once he was able to assert his authority he attempted to conciliate the Serbs .
the grand vizier hursid pasha , who entered belgrade in late october 1813 , was powerless to stop this holocaust , but once he was able to assert his authority he [tried] to conciliate the serbs .

One of Karadjordje 's former commanders , Hadži-Prodan of Požega , attempted to lead a national rising .
one of karadjordje 's former commanders , hadži-prodan of požega , [tried] to lead a national rising .

He did not ask for independence and never attempted to repudiate the suzerainty of the sultan .
he did not ask for independence and never [tried] to repudiate the suzerainty of the sultan .

Their nods of acknowledgement became full bows which were held uncertainly while they attempted to adjust to the fact that they were , unexpectedly , in the presence of a member of the Royal Family .
their nods of acknowledgement became full bows which were held uncertainly while they [tried] to adjust to the fact that they were , unexpectedly , in the presence of a member of the royal family .

Rostov decided that it was easier to go in search of what would pass in the Simonova for a command bridge than it was to remain in his quarters , while Vorontseff attempted to eradicate within the space of an hour the accumulated disarray of several years of civilian occupation .
rostov decided that it was easier to go in search of what would pass in the simonova for a command bridge than it was to remain in his quarters , while vorontseff [tried] to eradicate within the space of an hour the accumulated disarray of several years of civilian occupation .

Burun attempted to draw the blade , but there was some kind of locking device at the hilt .
burun [tried] to draw the blade , but there was some kind of locking device at the hilt .

Attempted suicide .
[tried] suicide .

Haltingly she attempted to express her emotions and , not least , the sense of finality and despair she had known when Harry wrote so affectionately of the American girl , Cora-Beth .
haltingly she [tried] to express her emotions and , not least , the sense of finality and despair she had known when harry wrote so affectionately of the american girl , cora-beth .

Only one of these studies attempted to control for the possible effects of changes in price volatility on volume , even though two of these studies ( and others ) found some evidence of a positive relationship between volatility and volume .
only one of these studies [tried] to control for the possible effects of changes in price volatility on volume , even though two of these studies ( and others ) found some evidence of a positive relationship between volatility and volume .

The Trade Disputes Act 1906 was of enormous importance but only the briefest summary of its provisions can be attempted here . The Act :
the trade disputes act 1906 was of enormous importance but only the briefest summary of its provisions can be [tried] here . the act :

They attempted also to rationalize the burgeoning supplementary benefit scheme by developing a stronger rule-based structure , and introduced a housing benefit scheme .
they [tried] also to rationalize the burgeoning supplementary benefit scheme by developing a stronger rule-based structure , and introduced a housing benefit scheme .

It has attempted to be very explicit about what it considers to be unnecessary local expenditure .
it has [tried] to be very explicit about what it considers to be unnecessary local expenditure .

In carrying out this duty , local authorities found themselves attempting to assess the numbers and needs of the disabled on a scale never before attempted .
in carrying out this duty , local authorities found themselves attempting to assess the numbers and needs of the disabled on a scale never before [tried] .

These distinctions are necessarily very loose and easily blurred when actual diagnosis is attempted .
these distinctions are necessarily very loose and easily blurred when actual diagnosis is [tried] .

Of the remainder , another 25–35 % will be too advanced for curative treatment and will turn out to be unresectable if surgery is attempted .
of the remainder , another 25–35 % will be too advanced for curative treatment and will turn out to be unresectable if surgery is [tried] .

There was no evidence in our data that first wave fundholders attempted to make budgetary savings by reducing referral rates .
there was no evidence in our data that first wave fundholders [tried] to make budgetary savings by reducing referral rates .

This chapter has attempted to explain why women have had unequal access to occupational pension benefits as compared with men .
this chapter has [tried] to explain why women have had unequal access to occupational pension benefits as compared with men .

While some publishers have attempted to counter the decline in print runs for first time publications by pushing titles into paperback others have been looking for ways to revitalise their hardback sales .
while some publishers have [tried] to counter the decline in print runs for first time publications by pushing titles into paperback others have been looking for ways to revitalise their hardback sales .

Maran and colleagues attempted to confirm or exclude a difference in responses to induced hypoglycaemia as previous studies had lacked the necessary statistical power .
maran and colleagues [tried] to confirm or exclude a difference in responses to induced hypoglycaemia as previous studies had lacked the necessary statistical power .

David Bowsher , writing on paradoxical pain , opens with an anecdote about a consultant convicted of attempted murder .
david bowsher , writing on paradoxical pain , opens with an anecdote about a consultant convicted of [tried] murder .

Endoscopic removal should not be attempted as the risk of inadvertently puncturing a package is high .
endoscopic removal should not be [tried] as the risk of inadvertently puncturing a package is high .

The recent case of a consultant convicted of attempted murder for administering a lethal injection of potassium chloride to a patient in intractable pain has highlighted the issue of pain that , contrary to expectation , does not respond to opiates . What is this so called ‘ paradoxical pain ? ’
the recent case of a consultant convicted of [tried] murder for administering a lethal injection of potassium chloride to a patient in intractable pain has highlighted the issue of pain that , contrary to expectation , does not respond to opiates . what is this so called ‘ paradoxical pain ? ’

These patients should be treated parenterally because attempted oral treatment may be hazardous .
these patients should be treated parenterally because [tried] oral treatment may be hazardous .

Although both sides became frustrated , it says much for the social workers ' determination that they turned up to meetings and attempted to understand me .
although both sides became frustrated , it says much for the social workers ' determination that they turned up to meetings and [tried] to understand me .

At laparotomy , performed after a period of attempted stabilisation , the whole of the stomach and omentum was found to have herniated into the left hemithorax .
at laparotomy , performed after a period of [tried] stabilisation , the whole of the stomach and omentum was found to have herniated into the left hemithorax .

Sartre records that by 1920–21 , the personal predicament of Nizan 's father had become so desperate that he had taken to disappearing at frequent intervals from the family home at night , disappearances which Sartre interprets as `` attempted suicides `` .
sartre records that by 1920–21 , the personal predicament of nizan 's father had become so desperate that he had taken to disappearing at frequent intervals from the family home at night , disappearances which sartre interprets as `` [tried] suicides `` .

Hong Kong , Hong Kong , Beats the Chinese Heart , a Viewpoint touring exhibition by Simon Buckley shows the mix of traditional and modern lifestyles in Hong Kong and looks at how the Chinese community has attempted to recreate the atmosphere of Hong Kong in Manchester ( until 2 Mar ) .
hong kong , hong kong , beats the chinese heart , a viewpoint touring exhibition by simon buckley shows the mix of traditional and modern lifestyles in hong kong and looks at how the chinese community has [tried] to recreate the atmosphere of hong kong in manchester ( until 2 mar ) .

Suppression of labour was attempted with ritodrine in four cases in the regulated group and two cases in the random group ; only one mother in each group received steroids antenatally .
suppression of labour was [tried] with ritodrine in four cases in the regulated group and two cases in the random group ; only one mother in each group received steroids antenatally .

Nevertheless , we have attempted to derive a better index of fetal adiposity than simple birth weight and have found it to have a significant bearing on results of regression analysis , suggesting that maternal glycaemia does have an impact on fetal size independent of maternal weight .
nevertheless , we have [tried] to derive a better index of fetal adiposity than simple birth weight and have found it to have a significant bearing on results of regression analysis , suggesting that maternal glycaemia does have an impact on fetal size independent of maternal weight .

In 1973 Tarasia and Mishra reported on a 10 year old boy who caught a fish in a pond and attempted to kill it by biting ; unfortunately the fish slipped inside his mouth .
in 1973 tarasia and mishra reported on a 10 year old boy who caught a fish in a pond and [tried] to kill it by biting ; unfortunately the fish slipped inside his mouth .

Here hierarchy is attempted by distinguishing between ‘ simple ’ , ‘ complex ’ and ‘ precise ’ instructions , and by the addition at Levels 2 and 3 of the giving of instructions .
here hierarchy is [tried] by distinguishing between ‘ simple ’ , ‘ complex ’ and ‘ precise ’ instructions , and by the addition at levels 2 and 3 of the giving of instructions .

Present-day economic , social and political conditions are identified and an outline description of their origins is attempted .
present-day economic , social and political conditions are identified and an outline description of their origins is [tried] .

He also reminds us that what is to be attempted is a ‘ cultural revolution and not some unimpeded process of social growth ’ ( Williams , 1983 : 273 ) .
he also reminds us that what is to be [tried] is a ‘ cultural revolution and not some unimpeded process of social growth ’ ( williams , 1983 : 273 ) .

In 1975 when North Tyneside and Ben well CDPs attempted to locate ‘ change agents ’ with sufficient force to have some impact on the structural origins of the situation in the two locales , the obvious target was the rank-and-file organizations of the traditional industrial working class .
in 1975 when north tyneside and ben well cdps [tried] to locate ‘ change agents ’ with sufficient force to have some impact on the structural origins of the situation in the two locales , the obvious target was the rank-and-file organizations of the traditional industrial working class .

Computer-assisted studies of style have often attempted to settle questions of chronology in the work of authors whose works are undated .
computer-assisted studies of style have often [tried] to settle questions of chronology in the work of authors whose works are undated .

In January 1296 the king attempted to array all £40 freeholders appropriately equipped , while in November of the same year he distrained all £30 freeholders for knighthood .
in january 1296 the king [tried] to array all £40 freeholders appropriately equipped , while in november of the same year he distrained all £30 freeholders for knighthood .

Towards the end of his life Edward attempted to get Winchelsey deprived of Canterbury , but he had to settle for his suspension .
towards the end of his life edward [tried] to get winchelsey deprived of canterbury , but he had to settle for his suspension .

Of all the varied assemblies , other than parliament , through which the king attempted to elicit taxation , that of the clergy alone endured .
of all the varied assemblies , other than parliament , through which the king [tried] to elicit taxation , that of the clergy alone endured .

Royal taxation usually had to be for the defence of the realm , but this was no longer interpreted with the narrow precision attempted by Winchelsey , and clerical objections and conditions more often turned upon other considerations : redress of grievances , exemption from lay burdens such as the ninth and purveyances , or simple impoverishment .
royal taxation usually had to be for the defence of the realm , but this was no longer interpreted with the narrow precision [tried] by winchelsey , and clerical objections and conditions more often turned upon other considerations : redress of grievances , exemption from lay burdens such as the ninth and purveyances , or simple impoverishment .

If we were to start on a building of such magnitude — which we have not yet attempted — it is easy to imagine the army of architects and engineers , the volumes of plans , the batteries of computers , the regiments of construction machinery we would require .
if we were to start on a building of such magnitude — which we have not yet [tried] — it is easy to imagine the army of architects and engineers , the volumes of plans , the batteries of computers , the regiments of construction machinery we would require .

With the single exception of ‘ Planet of Giants ’ ( née ‘ The Miniscules ‘ ) , a story Newman virtually insisted be done , no other adventure attempted to couch its storyline within a ‘ Let 's look at the wonders of technology/nature/medicine/etc ’ learning process .
with the single exception of ‘ planet of giants ’ ( née ‘ the miniscules ‘ ) , a story newman virtually insisted be done , no other adventure [tried] to couch its storyline within a ‘ let 's look at the wonders of technology/nature/medicine/etc ’ learning process .

This was developed very highly in the Hollywood movies of the Thirties where they attempted to put ‘ colour ’ into the pictures in terms of light and shade .
this was developed very highly in the hollywood movies of the thirties where they [tried] to put ‘ colour ’ into the pictures in terms of light and shade .

Then it ran , dodging between sandy hillocks , black-tipped tail undulating behind as it attempted to escape the constant buzzing of irate birds .
then it ran , dodging between sandy hillocks , black-tipped tail undulating behind as it [tried] to escape the constant buzzing of irate birds .

Stella attempted to comfort her , patting her shoulder , trying not to smile ; she was embarrassed because although it was fearfully sad it was also ridiculous .
stella [tried] to comfort her , patting her shoulder , trying not to smile ; she was embarrassed because although it was fearfully sad it was also ridiculous .

The difference now was that while once the significant body of musicians had attempted — or affected — to snub those values , they now embraced them .
the difference now was that while once the significant body of musicians had [tried] — or affected — to snub those values , they now embraced them .

He attempted to interest the producer Dino de Laurentis in using Oldfield to score the film Dune , but de Laurentis declined even to see them .
he [tried] to interest the producer dino de laurentis in using oldfield to score the film dune , but de laurentis declined even to see them .

If Chemical attempted to terminate the deal , Branson threatened , then Virgin would sue for that $ 10m , plus damages .
if chemical [tried] to terminate the deal , branson threatened , then virgin would sue for that $ 10m , plus damages .

By a writ issued on 15 November 1988 and a statement of claim dated 16 February 1990 , the plaintiff , Christopher de Martell , claimed damages from the defendants , the Merton and Sutton Health Authority , for personal injuries and consequential loss arising out of the alleged negligent treatment afforded to him at St. Helier Hospital , Carshalton , on or about 5 February 1967 when his mother , who was pregnant with the plaintiff , underwent an attempted forceps delivery and a caesarean section .
by a writ issued on 15 november 1988 and a statement of claim dated 16 february 1990 , the plaintiff , christopher de martell , claimed damages from the defendants , the merton and sutton health authority , for personal injuries and consequential loss arising out of the alleged negligent treatment afforded to him at st. helier hospital , carshalton , on or about 5 february 1967 when his mother , who was pregnant with the plaintiff , underwent an [tried] forceps delivery and a caesarean section .

In others he will have virtually no guidance , beyond looking at the relatively few determinate sentences for attempted murder and considering what adjustment should be made for the fact that death ensued .
in others he will have virtually no guidance , beyond looking at the relatively few determinate sentences for [tried] murder and considering what adjustment should be made for the fact that death ensued .

‘ As no court has ever attempted to define fraud so no court has ever attempted to define undue influence , which includes one of its many varieties .
‘ as no court has ever [tried] to define fraud so no court has ever [tried] to define undue influence , which includes one of its many varieties .

The judge accepted that he at least attempted to put to her that it was an extremely onerous document and made her liable down to the last penny if Eratex Ltd. failed .
the judge accepted that he at least [tried] to put to her that it was an extremely onerous document and made her liable down to the last penny if eratex ltd. failed .

The Government of the Federal Republic of Germany stated that events in Great Britain , but also more recent developments in the Federal Republic of Germany with regard to the increasing purchase of firms by fishing undertakings from other member states and the attempted re-flagging of fishing vessels from other member states , showed that the stability objective pursued by the Common Fisheries Policy might be impaired .
the government of the federal republic of germany stated that events in great britain , but also more recent developments in the federal republic of germany with regard to the increasing purchase of firms by fishing undertakings from other member states and the [tried] re-flagging of fishing vessels from other member states , showed that the stability objective pursued by the common fisheries policy might be impaired .

He attempted to ignite a towering mound of dark flake which spluttered feebly then toppled over the edge of his pipe . ``
he [tried] to ignite a towering mound of dark flake which spluttered feebly then toppled over the edge of his pipe . ``

he attempted to stride Persia as a Bismarck , changing its face , uniting it and freeing it form foreign domination .
he [tried] to stride persia as a bismarck , changing its face , uniting it and freeing it form foreign domination .

Farouk successor , Gamal Abdel Nasser , a socialist and a revolutionary , attempted to unite the Arab world .
farouk successor , gamal abdel nasser , a socialist and a revolutionary , [tried] to unite the arab world .

Sadat , perhaps more than any other Middle Eastern leader in the seventies and eighties , attempted to come to terms with one of the most extraordinary acts of modern times — the creation and development of the state of Israel .
sadat , perhaps more than any other middle eastern leader in the seventies and eighties , [tried] to come to terms with one of the most extraordinary acts of modern times — the creation and development of the state of israel .

In 1972 his own principle aide , General Oufkir , who ruled the country in the king 's name attempted a coup .
in 1972 his own principle aide , general oufkir , who ruled the country in the king 's name [tried] a coup .

In the fifties Khomeini attempted , vainly to obtain clemency for members of the Islamic fedayeen ( the precursor of Islamic jihad and Hezbollah which came to prominence in Lebanon in the 1980 's ) who had been sentenced to death for assassinating prominent members of the Shah regime .
in the fifties khomeini [tried] , vainly to obtain clemency for members of the islamic fedayeen ( the precursor of islamic jihad and hezbollah which came to prominence in lebanon in the 1980 's ) who had been sentenced to death for assassinating prominent members of the shah regime .

In a speech last week , Mead attempted to buoy industry confidence after ‘ the toughest year in our business for a very long time ’ .
in a speech last week , mead [tried] to buoy industry confidence after ‘ the toughest year in our business for a very long time ’ .

Because despite the mysteries and attempted murder , it was then getting on towards the mid-point of that Vadinamian bio-day .
because despite the mysteries and [tried] murder , it was then getting on towards the mid-point of that vadinamian bio-day .

Any attempted departure from Silvertone , anyway , is likely to start court battles over the band .
any [tried] departure from silvertone , anyway , is likely to start court battles over the band .

Most curious of all is Gombert 's delightful re-composition of Janequin 's famous ‘ Chant des oyseaux ’ in three parts yet with more closely knit polyphony and concealment of caesurae which Janequin had not attempted to disguise .
most curious of all is gombert 's delightful re-composition of janequin 's famous ‘ chant des oyseaux ’ in three parts yet with more closely knit polyphony and concealment of caesurae which janequin had not [tried] to disguise .

When one boy attempted to impart some sense of movement to the still life by pouring himself an imaginary cup of tea the teacher lightly but firmly kicked him back to his seat , smiling and talking in a manner that confirmed for the pupil the ‘ naturalness ’ of this action .
when one boy [tried] to impart some sense of movement to the still life by pouring himself an imaginary cup of tea the teacher lightly but firmly kicked him back to his seat , smiling and talking in a manner that confirmed for the pupil the ‘ naturalness ’ of this action .

The school 's philosophy of child-centred education required that an individual-based assessment of problems and difficulties be attempted .
the school 's philosophy of child-centred education required that an individual-based assessment of problems and difficulties be [tried] .

The assessment panel agreed to Tony 's enrolment in St Augustine 's and attempted to co-ordinate the help which could be provided by the different agencies .
the assessment panel agreed to tony 's enrolment in st augustine 's and [tried] to co-ordinate the help which could be provided by the different agencies .

What will be attempted in the remainder of this book is to provide , for accountants and financial-management students , an appreciation of developments in these other fields , together with discussion of some issues which relate to the problem of trying to integrate these different disciplinary views .
what will be [tried] in the remainder of this book is to provide , for accountants and financial-management students , an appreciation of developments in these other fields , together with discussion of some issues which relate to the problem of trying to integrate these different disciplinary views .

Pennings ( 1985 ) is one of the few who has attempted to investigate strategic decision-making taking this simple fact into account .
pennings ( 1985 ) is one of the few who has [tried] to investigate strategic decision-making taking this simple fact into account .

Moreover , it needs to be recognized that a rational , ‘ value-free ’ analysis can not exist in a pluralistic society or that it would please no one if attempted ( Clapham , 1984 ) , unless an action could be shown to benefit all stakeholders .
moreover , it needs to be recognized that a rational , ‘ value-free ’ analysis can not exist in a pluralistic society or that it would please no one if [tried] ( clapham , 1984 ) , unless an action could be shown to benefit all stakeholders .

As we have attempted in our previous books on further education succinctly to summarize the chief characteristics of the polytechnics , we intend therefore to restrict ourselves to a discussion of the ways in which they have developed in the three years since the first edition of this book was written .
as we have [tried] in our previous books on further education succinctly to summarize the chief characteristics of the polytechnics , we intend therefore to restrict ourselves to a discussion of the ways in which they have developed in the three years since the first edition of this book was written .

Yorick had attempted suicide three times in the last four years ; and the last attempt had nearly succeeded .
yorick had [tried] suicide three times in the last four years ; and the last attempt had nearly succeeded .

In February and June 1912 Hourcade published articles entitled respectively ‘ La Tendance de la Peinture Contemporaine ’ and ‘ Le Mouvement Pictural vers une école française de peinture ’ , in which he attempted to reassess the achievements of the preceding year .
in february and june 1912 hourcade published articles entitled respectively ‘ la tendance de la peinture contemporaine ’ and ‘ le mouvement pictural vers une école française de peinture ’ , in which he [tried] to reassess the achievements of the preceding year .

The radical simplification of forms which characterizes the painting can be accounted for by the fact that this was one of the first canvases in which Braque attempted to work from memory .
the radical simplification of forms which characterizes the painting can be accounted for by the fact that this was one of the first canvases in which braque [tried] to work from memory .

In an article entitled ‘ Quand le Symbolisme fut mort ’ which appeared in Nord-Sud in 1917 , Paul Dermée attempted to sum up the new aesthetic trends .
in an article entitled ‘ quand le symbolisme fut mort ’ which appeared in nord-sud in 1917 , paul dermée [tried] to sum up the new aesthetic trends .

In November 1990 , King Hussein of Jordan expressed concern that the burning of Kuwait 's oil ( an action the Iraqi leader , Saddam Hussein , threatened to take as early as September 1990 if the United States and its allies attempted to oust him ) would accelerate global warming significantly .
in november 1990 , king hussein of jordan expressed concern that the burning of kuwait 's oil ( an action the iraqi leader , saddam hussein , threatened to take as early as september 1990 if the united states and its allies [tried] to oust him ) would accelerate global warming significantly .

The Act attempted to ‘ create and maintain conditions under which man and nature can exist in productive.harmony , and fulfil the social , economic and other requirements of present and future generations of Americans ’ ( Goodenough , 1983 ) .
the act [tried] to ‘ create and maintain conditions under which man and nature can exist in productive.harmony , and fulfil the social , economic and other requirements of present and future generations of americans ’ ( goodenough , 1983 ) .

Screwing up his eyes as he attempted to remember what Rose had said .
screwing up his eyes as he [tried] to remember what rose had said .

He would very easily subdue them if they attempted to escape .
he would very easily subdue them if they [tried] to escape .

18–19 ) to an entrenched ‘ disbelief system ’ which includes scepticism about attempted reforms and a belief-far from groundless — that such reforms often fail .
18–19 ) to an entrenched ‘ disbelief system ’ which includes scepticism about [tried] reforms and a belief-far from groundless — that such reforms often fail .

Johnson ( 1982 , p. 213 ) observes that MPs ‘ may attempt ingeniously to get at the activities of governmental bodies through the questioning of Ministers , but … it is not something attempted very regularly and , when it is , the attack focuses on policy and resources rather than on particular decisions ’ .
johnson ( 1982 , p. 213 ) observes that mps ‘ may attempt ingeniously to get at the activities of governmental bodies through the questioning of ministers , but … it is not something [tried] very regularly and , when it is , the attack focuses on policy and resources rather than on particular decisions ’ .

First of all , Marx 's theory of historical materialism was one of the very first theories of society and change to be formulated which provided a historical overview and , at the same time , attempted to mesh together the workings of social , economic and political phenomena .
first of all , marx 's theory of historical materialism was one of the very first theories of society and change to be formulated which provided a historical overview and , at the same time , [tried] to mesh together the workings of social , economic and political phenomena .

Pareto 's initial training was as a civil engineer ; he always seems to have regarded the natural sciences as superior to the social sciences , and he consistently attempted to apply models of equilibria derived from mechanics to society .
pareto 's initial training was as a civil engineer ; he always seems to have regarded the natural sciences as superior to the social sciences , and he consistently [tried] to apply models of equilibria derived from mechanics to society .

and it was in this field that the pluralists most persistently attempted to combine empirical methods with assumptions which , if they were not entirely Madisonian , at least fitted prevailing norms rather better than the emerging stark elitism .
and it was in this field that the pluralists most persistently [tried] to combine empirical methods with assumptions which , if they were not entirely madisonian , at least fitted prevailing norms rather better than the emerging stark elitism .

Ungar placed rats in a start box which opened onto a lighted arena with a dark compartment in one corner , and shocked the animals electrically when they attempted to enter the dark compartment ; this punishment rapidly resulted in the animals refusing to enter the dark box .
ungar placed rats in a start box which opened onto a lighted arena with a dark compartment in one corner , and shocked the animals electrically when they [tried] to enter the dark compartment ; this punishment rapidly resulted in the animals refusing to enter the dark box .

Farming and stock-raising were attempted on Auckland and Campbell Islands ( Fraser , 1986 ) and Iles Kerguelen ( Lesel and Derenne , 1975 ) , but were never successful for long .
farming and stock-raising were [tried] on auckland and campbell islands ( fraser , 1986 ) and iles kerguelen ( lesel and derenne , 1975 ) , but were never successful for long .

‘ You 're not suggesting that what happened to me this morning was attempted murder , are you ?
‘ you 're not suggesting that what happened to me this morning was [tried] murder , are you ?

Nowak 's attempted assassin was a woman .
nowak 's [tried] assassin was a woman .

No one had taken much notice of the woman Blanche assumed to be the attempted assassin , and Dexter garnered a description that could have fitted Christine Mills — and a hundred other women equally well .
no one had taken much notice of the woman blanche assumed to be the [tried] assassin , and dexter garnered a description that could have fitted christine mills — and a hundred other women equally well .

Anne felt guilty that she had not attempted to see Kathleen after Ella 's injury .
anne felt guilty that she had not [tried] to see kathleen after ella 's injury .

The machine wafted away from her and attempted to interest a pale Miles Engado in a tofu bar .
the machine wafted away from her and [tried] to interest a pale miles engado in a tofu bar .

Her mind slid over this problem and rejected it , her thoughts returning to memories of Johnny as he had been when he had attempted to make love to her on the previous night .
her mind slid over this problem and rejected it , her thoughts returning to memories of johnny as he had been when he had [tried] to make love to her on the previous night .

She attempted an inadequate and non-technical account of the development of electronics , and the ascendancy of the micro chip and the computer .
she [tried] an inadequate and non-technical account of the development of electronics , and the ascendancy of the micro chip and the computer .

She twisted away from him and attempted to step backwards , but Johnny had slipped his hands down to grab her buttocks and was pulling her closer and closer , holding her fast .
she twisted away from him and [tried] to step backwards , but johnny had slipped his hands down to grab her buttocks and was pulling her closer and closer , holding her fast .

As far as Soviet exports are concerned , Latin American economies , which have generally attempted import-substitution industrialisation in the consumer goods sector rather than in capital-intensive heavy industry , might be considered a potentially receptive market for Soviet machinery and equipment .
as far as soviet exports are concerned , latin american economies , which have generally [tried] import-substitution industrialisation in the consumer goods sector rather than in capital-intensive heavy industry , might be considered a potentially receptive market for soviet machinery and equipment .

It has attempted to weave the mythology of historical liberation struggles with the martyrdom of its own guerrilla fighters of the 1960s and 1970s to create an unbroken thread of radical revolutionary tradition in Latin America .
it has [tried] to weave the mythology of historical liberation struggles with the martyrdom of its own guerrilla fighters of the 1960s and 1970s to create an unbroken thread of radical revolutionary tradition in latin america .

‘ Magnificence — ’ Alexei attempted an equable approach .
‘ magnificence — ’ alexei [tried] an equable approach .

His liaisons with various ladies of the Kha-Khan 's court were not a matter which he had ever attempted to keep secret , and more than one irate would-be challenger — usually the father or brother of the lady in question — had gone away with a thoughtful expression on his face after witnessing a display of alien skill at arms .
his liaisons with various ladies of the kha-khan 's court were not a matter which he had ever [tried] to keep secret , and more than one irate would-be challenger — usually the father or brother of the lady in question — had gone away with a thoughtful expression on his face after witnessing a display of alien skill at arms .

Irina , his half-sister and the daughter of Turakina by his father , was kneeling intently on a cushion behind him while she attempted to dress his hair Yek style .
irina , his half-sister and the daughter of turakina by his father , was kneeling intently on a cushion behind him while she [tried] to dress his hair yek style .

The observation contained an insult , but Alexei knew that if he attempted to explain it to her she would be unable to comprehend it .
the observation contained an insult , but alexei knew that if he [tried] to explain it to her she would be unable to comprehend it .

Jehan doubted if Mei Ling would be disturbed by her son 's descent into the water , but he thought it well to have attempted to do something , however belated .
jehan doubted if mei ling would be disturbed by her son 's descent into the water , but he thought it well to have [tried] to do something , however belated .

While there is no doubt that fascist organisations like the National Front have attempted to recruit members from the ranks of football hooligans , there is little to connect them with violence in the game ( Popplewell , 1986:59 ) .
while there is no doubt that fascist organisations like the national front have [tried] to recruit members from the ranks of football hooligans , there is little to connect them with violence in the game ( popplewell , 1986:59 ) .

An alternative functionalist approach has been attempted by Edwards and Rackages ( 1977 ) .
an alternative functionalist approach has been [tried] by edwards and rackages ( 1977 ) .

Then , on 11 December 1983 , a large number of Greenham women attempted to pull down the perimeter fence .
then , on 11 december 1983 , a large number of greenham women [tried] to pull down the perimeter fence .

Green is one of several authors who maintain that media coverage of the strike attempted to denigrate and undermine the miners ’ case against the government .
green is one of several authors who maintain that media coverage of the strike [tried] to denigrate and undermine the miners ’ case against the government .

Did not tradition relate how Saint James had three times attempted to ascend Massis , and on the third occasion been told by an angel that it was forbidden , but that the angel had given him a plank of wood from the Ark , and there where he had received it was founded the monastery of Saint James ?
did not tradition relate how saint james had three times [tried] to ascend massis , and on the third occasion been told by an angel that it was forbidden , but that the angel had given him a plank of wood from the ark , and there where he had received it was founded the monastery of saint james ?

It was at this time that a group of younger Jews attempted to hijack the ship .
it was at this time that a group of younger jews [tried] to hijack the ship .

The plot of the remainder of the novel revolves around a series of attempted rebellions by various factions at the convention who are critical of the way it is organized .
the plot of the remainder of the novel revolves around a series of [tried] rebellions by various factions at the convention who are critical of the way it is organized .

When the delegates from Western literature meet on the first day to pray for their existence , there is an attempted disruption of the ceremony by Muslim fundamentalists who claim to object to the Christian format of the proceedings , but , as we later discover , their real target is the elusive Gibreel Farishta whom they are trying to punish for his heretical views .
when the delegates from western literature meet on the first day to pray for their existence , there is an [tried] disruption of the ceremony by muslim fundamentalists who claim to object to the christian format of the proceedings , but , as we later discover , their real target is the elusive gibreel farishta whom they are trying to punish for his heretical views .

There follows an attempted conspiracy by ‘ I-narrators ’ in the aim of increasing their prominence and defining their specific needs , a revolt by several characters against their authors ( most notably Oedipa Maas from The Crying of Lot 49 who declaims her views as a feminist despite Pynchon 's ‘ macho ’ stance ) , and finally , a protest by a gay rights group against the under-representation of homosexuality in literature .
there follows an [tried] conspiracy by ‘ i-narrators ’ in the aim of increasing their prominence and defining their specific needs , a revolt by several characters against their authors ( most notably oedipa maas from the crying of lot 49 who declaims her views as a feminist despite pynchon 's ‘ macho ’ stance ) , and finally , a protest by a gay rights group against the under-representation of homosexuality in literature .

Indeed , at the Home Office Press Conference held to discuss the catastrophic crime figures for April to June 1990 , John Patten attempted to distance himself from the research by asking if Field was the member of his staff ‘ who wore an earring ’ ( Guardian 27.10.90 ) before stating that the work was exploratory and could not be regarded as definitive .
indeed , at the home office press conference held to discuss the catastrophic crime figures for april to june 1990 , john patten [tried] to distance himself from the research by asking if field was the member of his staff ‘ who wore an earring ’ ( guardian 27.10.90 ) before stating that the work was exploratory and could not be regarded as definitive .

This attempted compromise will not help the Government in persuading the probation service to alter its traditional role and manage punishment in the community .
this [tried] compromise will not help the government in persuading the probation service to alter its traditional role and manage punishment in the community .

On the level of ideology the Conservative Government has attempted to tackle not only a crisis of legitimation but also of motivation .
on the level of ideology the conservative government has [tried] to tackle not only a crisis of legitimation but also of motivation .

This pays particular attention to the body of law which has attempted to redress abuse of power by central and local government , and other organisations .
this pays particular attention to the body of law which has [tried] to redress abuse of power by central and local government , and other organisations .

From 1981 onwards , the University Grants Committee attempted to introduce a greater degree of selectivity into its allocation of funds to the universities .
from 1981 onwards , the university grants committee [tried] to introduce a greater degree of selectivity into its allocation of funds to the universities .

Mrs Thatcher attempted to justify the exclusion of local authorities on the grounds that left-wing city councils persistently refused to co-operate with private industry .
mrs thatcher [tried] to justify the exclusion of local authorities on the grounds that left-wing city councils persistently refused to co-operate with private industry .

For example , back in 1984 , a Building Societies Association working group attempted to predict the state of the housing market in the 1990s .
for example , back in 1984 , a building societies association working group [tried] to predict the state of the housing market in the 1990s .

For over 15 years , artificial slope designers have attempted to reproduce that unique phenomenon of skiing , the mogul .
for over 15 years , artificial slope designers have [tried] to reproduce that unique phenomenon of skiing , the mogul .

There are times when attacks on the lesbian and gay communities seem very clearly to be an attempted stirring-up of popular hatred as a diversion of attention from society 's real problems , and times when the readiness of the government to pander to that hatred looks even more sinister .
there are times when attacks on the lesbian and gay communities seem very clearly to be an [tried] stirring-up of popular hatred as a diversion of attention from society 's real problems , and times when the readiness of the government to pander to that hatred looks even more sinister .

After all , it was attempted in the mid-1950s with the creation of the Baghdad pact — and that led to the collapse of the pro-Western Hashimite monarchy in Iraq , the event from which , ultimately , the Saddam Hussein regime sprang .
after all , it was [tried] in the mid-1950s with the creation of the baghdad pact — and that led to the collapse of the pro-western hashimite monarchy in iraq , the event from which , ultimately , the saddam hussein regime sprang .

Attempted rescue
[tried] rescue

The Bullock Report ( 1975 : 339–40 ) attempted to define the ‘ minimum specifications ’ of knowledge about language that every teacher should possess . This minimum includes seven main areas :
the bullock report ( 1975 : 339–40 ) [tried] to define the ‘ minimum specifications ’ of knowledge about language that every teacher should possess . this minimum includes seven main areas :

Drude attempted to depict the relative abundance of each species in an area according to a ranking system with categories ranging from ‘ social ’ ( where a single species formed an overall mass ) down to ‘ scarce ’ .
drude [tried] to depict the relative abundance of each species in an area according to a ranking system with categories ranging from ‘ social ’ ( where a single species formed an overall mass ) down to ‘ scarce ’ .

On the one hand , he sensed the anger of the island and its hot spirits if the powerful enchantress died ( for so he saw her ) ; he attempted to exorcise this fear with prayer and readings from the Bible , sometimes aloud to the uncomprehending heathen girl who tended the hag as if she were a lover .
on the one hand , he sensed the anger of the island and its hot spirits if the powerful enchantress died ( for so he saw her ) ; he [tried] to exorcise this fear with prayer and readings from the bible , sometimes aloud to the uncomprehending heathen girl who tended the hag as if she were a lover .

It was a unique triumph in the annals of attempted colonisation in the Americas : he had been extraordinarily well-prepared for their attack .
it was a unique triumph in the annals of [tried] colonisation in the americas : he had been extraordinarily well-prepared for their attack .

It 's certainly fun as well as being easy to use and , in the right hands , can produce stunning results that would probably never be attempted by conventional methods .
it 's certainly fun as well as being easy to use and , in the right hands , can produce stunning results that would probably never be [tried] by conventional methods .

‘ There are three or four attempted suicides every week , ’ Nicholson said , his tone emotionless .
‘ there are three or four [tried] suicides every week , ’ nicholson said , his tone emotionless .

Everything is explained to them , including the fact that if they do travel beyond the range of the device they 'll be re-arrested and prosecuted for attempted escape .
everything is explained to them , including the fact that if they do travel beyond the range of the device they 'll be re-arrested and prosecuted for [tried] escape .

Net curtains prevented his attempted intrusion .
net curtains prevented his [tried] intrusion .

This list is not exhaustive , and various writers attempted to show that their selected list of traits were the ones that provided the key to leadership .
this list is not exhaustive , and various writers [tried] to show that their selected list of traits were the ones that provided the key to leadership .

Likert attempted to show that the effective manager is one who uses the participative style of management , although the ideal manager must be able to use the right leadership style for any given situation .
likert [tried] to show that the effective manager is one who uses the participative style of management , although the ideal manager must be able to use the right leadership style for any given situation .

In his books New Patterns of Management and The Human Organisation , Likert attempted through research to answer the question , ‘ What do effective managers have in common ? ’ His research showed that four main elements are normally present in any effective manager .
in his books new patterns of management and the human organisation , likert [tried] through research to answer the question , ‘ what do effective managers have in common ? ’ his research showed that four main elements are normally present in any effective manager .

In summary , his research showed that on the whole , supervisors with the best performance were those who concentrated their main efforts on the human aspects of their staff 's problems and attempted to build work groups with high performance standards .
in summary , his research showed that on the whole , supervisors with the best performance were those who concentrated their main efforts on the human aspects of their staff 's problems and [tried] to build work groups with high performance standards .

Governments seem not to have attempted to stimulate new ideas to guide the country to solutions , but have merely implemented outdated principles , the broad bases of which were devised 50 or 100 years ago , varying slightly with political emphasis as to where the Inland Revenue collections should fall .
governments seem not to have [tried] to stimulate new ideas to guide the country to solutions , but have merely implemented outdated principles , the broad bases of which were devised 50 or 100 years ago , varying slightly with political emphasis as to where the inland revenue collections should fall .

Harassed by creditors , and pressed by the Treasury to render his long overdue chamber accounts , he fled to Hanover , where he attempted to ingratiate himself with the electoral family .
harassed by creditors , and pressed by the treasury to render his long overdue chamber accounts , he fled to hanover , where he [tried] to ingratiate himself with the electoral family .

Michelson , using expensive apparatus in Chicago , attempted to disprove the empirical rule discovered by Preston , but Preston publicly disproved him .
michelson , using expensive apparatus in chicago , [tried] to disprove the empirical rule discovered by preston , but preston publicly disproved him .

In 1916 he was co-opted on to the trench fever committee of the War Office , and attempted to discover the causal organism of the fever .
in 1916 he was co-opted on to the trench fever committee of the war office , and [tried] to discover the causal organism of the fever .

Consequently , she was again in financial difficulties in 1617 , when she unsuccessfully attempted to set up a school in St Giles in the Fields for the education of children of the nobility .
consequently , she was again in financial difficulties in 1617 , when she unsuccessfully [tried] to set up a school in st giles in the fields for the education of children of the nobility .

She attempted suicide in 1953 , after undergoing electroconvulsive therapy .
she [tried] suicide in 1953 , after undergoing electroconvulsive therapy .

Triangulations on distant hills were attempted , weather records kept , and there was an astronomical observatory .
triangulations on distant hills were [tried] , weather records kept , and there was an astronomical observatory .

sought a divorce from his wife on grounds of infidelity , the wife counter-claimed that in October 1856 he had attempted to rape Emily Faithfull , then a guest .
sought a divorce from his wife on grounds of infidelity , the wife counter-claimed that in october 1856 he had [tried] to rape emily faithfull , then a guest .

Edward Stanton 's elder son , William , who was master mason to the Mint , attempted to carry on the sculptors ' yard , but was declared bankrupt in 1735 .
edward stanton 's elder son , william , who was master mason to the mint , [tried] to carry on the sculptors ' yard , but was declared bankrupt in 1735 .

The sultanates of Muscat and Zanzibar had recently been separated by the terms of the Canning award , but Majid 's position remained insecure ; in 1859 his half-brothers Thuwayn of Muscat and Barghash , who was to succeed Majid as sultan , attempted to capture Zanzibar .
the sultanates of muscat and zanzibar had recently been separated by the terms of the canning award , but majid 's position remained insecure ; in 1859 his half-brothers thuwayn of muscat and barghash , who was to succeed majid as sultan , [tried] to capture zanzibar .

Back in Scotland , in 1712 he attempted to extend his dominions , which stretched from Dumfries to the braes of Glenapp in south-west Ayrshire , into the heart of the latter county ; however , his troops were defeated at Newton of Ayr by ‘ a powerful body of Tinkers from Argyll and Dumbarton ’ .
back in scotland , in 1712 he [tried] to extend his dominions , which stretched from dumfries to the braes of glenapp in south-west ayrshire , into the heart of the latter county ; however , his troops were defeated at newton of ayr by ‘ a powerful body of tinkers from argyll and dumbarton ’ .

She also claimed that her minister , Thomas Clendon , had attempted to confiscate three bags of her money , worth £953 6s .
she also claimed that her minister , thomas clendon , had [tried] to confiscate three bags of her money , worth £953 6s .

She explained the minister 's ill-treatment of her as revenge for her withdrawal of an annual gift of £8 to the parish church when she found out that he had attempted to publish her charity .
she explained the minister 's ill-treatment of her as revenge for her withdrawal of an annual gift of £8 to the parish church when she found out that he had [tried] to publish her charity .

before he became bishop of Durham , entertained him on his way to London , and after the feast Christina was left with him in his room , where he attempted to seduce her .
before he became bishop of durham , entertained him on his way to london , and after the feast christina was left with him in his room , where he [tried] to seduce her .

Even though he had attempted to make a propagandist contribution to the British war effort in 1915–17 , he was slandered as a traitor .
even though he had [tried] to make a propagandist contribution to the british war effort in 1915–17 , he was slandered as a traitor .

Stratford attempted to cancel his leases , and much litigation followed , but he failed to escape his obligations , and became deeply indebted .
stratford [tried] to cancel his leases , and much litigation followed , but he failed to escape his obligations , and became deeply indebted .

On 19 April 1954 he was found unconscious in his gas-filled flat in Egerton Gardens , Kensington , but the dramatic publicity generated by his attempted suicide led to a revival in his fortunes .
on 19 april 1954 he was found unconscious in his gas-filled flat in egerton gardens , kensington , but the dramatic publicity generated by his [tried] suicide led to a revival in his fortunes .

Although he took Parliament 's side at the beginning of the civil war he attempted to arrange a neutrality pact with the Norfolk Royalists , and was soon advocating peace .
although he took parliament 's side at the beginning of the civil war he [tried] to arrange a neutrality pact with the norfolk royalists , and was soon advocating peace .

While in middle age he won the bronze medal of the Royal Society for his attempted rescue of a drowning man from the Thames .
while in middle age he won the bronze medal of the royal society for his [tried] rescue of a drowning man from the thames .

During the suppression of the agrarian unrest of 1830 he attempted , unsuccessfully , to improve the wages of labourers around Dorchester .
during the suppression of the agrarian unrest of 1830 he [tried] , unsuccessfully , to improve the wages of labourers around dorchester .

In 1657 in Marlborough she attempted to speak in the church following the service , was attacked , brought before a magistrate , and imprisoned for six weeks , during which she fasted six days .
in 1657 in marlborough she [tried] to speak in the church following the service , was attacked , brought before a magistrate , and imprisoned for six weeks , during which she fasted six days .

On release she went to the mayor and so powerful were her reproaches that he ‘ acknowledged the truth of her doctrine ’ and henceforth attempted to protect Quakers .
on release she went to the mayor and so powerful were her reproaches that he ‘ acknowledged the truth of her doctrine ’ and henceforth [tried] to protect quakers .

Under this impression , he was induced to try an experiment ( not before attempted ) for producing a picturesque effect .
under this impression , he was induced to try an experiment ( not before [tried] ) for producing a picturesque effect .

The story , involving a bricklayer 's misfortunes as he attempted to lower some bricks from the top of a building in a barrel , was not especially funny , but Hoffnung 's manner and delivery reduced his audience to hysterics .
the story , involving a bricklayer 's misfortunes as he [tried] to lower some bricks from the top of a building in a barrel , was not especially funny , but hoffnung 's manner and delivery reduced his audience to hysterics .

tells us that he attempted to drown himself en route to the Tower and that he also attempted to dash his brains out while in custody , but he came to no harm and by October had been released and begun paying a fine .
tells us that he [tried] to drown himself en route to the tower and that he also [tried] to dash his brains out while in custody , but he came to no harm and by october had been released and begun paying a fine .

In the following chapters in this book there are many illustrations of how adult educators have attempted to take up this challenge working with women , peace groups , the unemployed , ecology groups , trade unions , cooperatives , people in the Third World .
in the following chapters in this book there are many illustrations of how adult educators have [tried] to take up this challenge working with women , peace groups , the unemployed , ecology groups , trade unions , cooperatives , people in the third world .

Tile Hill College in Coventry has attempted to do this through its courses which are specifically geared towards the unemployed ( MSC-funded ) , and general courses which by their nature and structure attract the unemployed .
tile hill college in coventry has [tried] to do this through its courses which are specifically geared towards the unemployed ( msc-funded ) , and general courses which by their nature and structure attract the unemployed .

Oliver attempted some arrangements .
oliver [tried] some arrangements .

The old woman attempted to regain some dignity .
the old woman [tried] to regain some dignity .

Thinking that the police were arresting the wrong man , he attempted to attract the arresting policeman 's attention , and seized his arm for this purpose , since he could not make himself heard over the hubbub .
thinking that the police were arresting the wrong man , he [tried] to attract the arresting policeman 's attention , and seized his arm for this purpose , since he could not make himself heard over the hubbub .

In a later experiment , Dooling and Mullett ( 1973 ) attempted to determine the locus of the thematic title effect .
in a later experiment , dooling and mullett ( 1973 ) [tried] to determine the locus of the thematic title effect .

When we have attempted to replicate Thorndyke 's finding with undergraduate students we have invariably found that subjects are very good at guessing the overall theme even when they are not explicitly told what it is .
when we have [tried] to replicate thorndyke 's finding with undergraduate students we have invariably found that subjects are very good at guessing the overall theme even when they are not explicitly told what it is .

Thorndyke attempted to compare memory for optional and bridging inferences .
thorndyke [tried] to compare memory for optional and bridging inferences .

The party attempted to renew vigour from time to time by the ‘ exchange of party cards ’ — an opportunity to purge the party of unsatisfactory members — or by the replacement of officials .
the party [tried] to renew vigour from time to time by the ‘ exchange of party cards ’ — an opportunity to purge the party of unsatisfactory members — or by the replacement of officials .

The pro-life ( anti-abortion ) campaign , which has attempted to overthrow Roe , has included proposals for constitutional amendments , none of which has succeeded , and proposals for new state and congressional laws to challenge Roe , many of which have been passed and have become subject to subsequent decision by the Supreme Court .
the pro-life ( anti-abortion ) campaign , which has [tried] to overthrow roe , has included proposals for constitutional amendments , none of which has succeeded , and proposals for new state and congressional laws to challenge roe , many of which have been passed and have become subject to subsequent decision by the supreme court .

The realist approach , although developed as an extension of the functional positivist approach , attempted to probe beyond the relationships derived from observed regularities and to seek the mechanisms and underlying structures which are responsible for the operation of environmental processes .
the realist approach , although developed as an extension of the functional positivist approach , [tried] to probe beyond the relationships derived from observed regularities and to seek the mechanisms and underlying structures which are responsible for the operation of environmental processes .

Soil geography has also had a well established legacy of soil maps which have attempted to relate the one extreme of detailed soil survey to the other of a world distribution .
soil geography has also had a well established legacy of soil maps which have [tried] to relate the one extreme of detailed soil survey to the other of a world distribution .

Therefore when considering environmental processes the significance of large events must be considered , the modifications to a strict uniformitarian view must be assimilated and the development of step functions and of catastrophe theory must be attempted .
therefore when considering environmental processes the significance of large events must be considered , the modifications to a strict uniformitarian view must be assimilated and the development of step functions and of catastrophe theory must be [tried] .

These developments of the soil system were achieved within soil science but adoption and development of the approach in physical geography was achieved by Huggett ( 1975 ) when he extended the catena approach to the drainage basin , which he used as the basis for a model of the soil system , and attempted to simulate the flux of plasmic material in an idealized basin .
these developments of the soil system were achieved within soil science but adoption and development of the approach in physical geography was achieved by huggett ( 1975 ) when he extended the catena approach to the drainage basin , which he used as the basis for a model of the soil system , and [tried] to simulate the flux of plasmic material in an idealized basin .

Subsequently applied to geography as a whole , Bennett and Chorley ( 1978 ) produced a text which attempted to explore firstly the extent to which systems theory provided an interdisciplinary focus for environmental matters and to what extent systems technology provides an adequate vehicle ; and secondly to ascertain the manner in which systems approaches aid in the development of an integrated theory relating social and economic theory to physical and biological theory .
subsequently applied to geography as a whole , bennett and chorley ( 1978 ) produced a text which [tried] to explore firstly the extent to which systems theory provided an interdisciplinary focus for environmental matters and to what extent systems technology provides an adequate vehicle ; and secondly to ascertain the manner in which systems approaches aid in the development of an integrated theory relating social and economic theory to physical and biological theory .

Approaches to hydrological model building have been either via physical hydrology , which is the investigation of the components of the hydrological cycle to achieve a full understanding of the mechanisms and interactions involved , or by systems synthesis investigations , which attempted a complete simulation of drainage basin operation by adjusting the components and the parameters of the model until outputs from the model agreed with empirical results from known inputs .
approaches to hydrological model building have been either via physical hydrology , which is the investigation of the components of the hydrological cycle to achieve a full understanding of the mechanisms and interactions involved , or by systems synthesis investigations , which [tried] a complete simulation of drainage basin operation by adjusting the components and the parameters of the model until outputs from the model agreed with empirical results from known inputs .

The Gauthier daughters , however , were only too ready to talk ; they practically fell on Melissa as she attempted to make her way through their ranks .
the gauthier daughters , however , were only too ready to talk ; they practically fell on melissa as she [tried] to make her way through their ranks .

More recently the Soviet leadership under Gorbachev has attempted to revive the framework of Asian collective security through promoting a range of interlocking initiatives addressing military and security issues in the Asian-Pacific region .
more recently the soviet leadership under gorbachev has [tried] to revive the framework of asian collective security through promoting a range of interlocking initiatives addressing military and security issues in the asian-pacific region .

Soviet leaders unsuccessfully attempted to gain greater access to Yugoslav facilities in 1976 .
soviet leaders unsuccessfully [tried] to gain greater access to yugoslav facilities in 1976 .

Moscow has attempted , rather unsuccessfully , to shift the attention of the Third World from Soviet forces in Afghanistan to the alleged use of Pakistani territory for military purposes by the United States and China .
moscow has [tried] , rather unsuccessfully , to shift the attention of the third world from soviet forces in afghanistan to the alleged use of pakistani territory for military purposes by the united states and china .

But would n't a man of any sensitivity have attempted to check with her , would n't he have assumed that , without needing to be told ?
but would n't a man of any sensitivity have [tried] to check with her , would n't he have assumed that , without needing to be told ?

As we have already indicated the reform of local government in 1972 attempted to put some uniformity on to the pattern of local government in Britain .
as we have already indicated the reform of local government in 1972 [tried] to put some uniformity on to the pattern of local government in britain .

Both records and timetables will contain messages and instructions specific to individuals if invalid module registrations have been attempted .
both records and timetables will contain messages and instructions specific to individuals if invalid module registrations have been [tried] .

The higher castes often attempted , though not always successfully , to create their own cordon sanitaire about them when travelling .
the higher castes often [tried] , though not always successfully , to create their own cordon sanitaire about them when travelling .

Some Indian railways attempted to cope with the great pressure of third-class passengers by installing them in double-decker carriages , but these had soon to be abandoned because they proved to be unsafe and top-heavy .
some indian railways [tried] to cope with the great pressure of third-class passengers by installing them in double-decker carriages , but these had soon to be abandoned because they proved to be unsafe and top-heavy .

Western railway companies like the Union Pacific built immigrant lodging-houses and segregated eating-places at stations throughout the West , and attempted to keep immigrant and normal trains separate , but this proved to be impossible at the larger stations .
western railway companies like the union pacific built immigrant lodging-houses and segregated eating-places at stations throughout the west , and [tried] to keep immigrant and normal trains separate , but this proved to be impossible at the larger stations .

The railway also had its own medical department , which attempted to take action when cases of plague , smallpox , or cholera were reported :
the railway also had its own medical department , which [tried] to take action when cases of plague , smallpox , or cholera were reported :

Should any such proposition even be attempted ?
should any such proposition even be [tried] ?

If a summary might be attempted in the area of social law , it may be submitted that in those areas where the Community has specific express powers , those powers have been largely exercised , as in the free movement of persons , so that it is a matter of exclusive Community competence on either theory .
if a summary might be [tried] in the area of social law , it may be submitted that in those areas where the community has specific express powers , those powers have been largely exercised , as in the free movement of persons , so that it is a matter of exclusive community competence on either theory .

After the leak of the Interfor Report , counsel for the victims , families attempted to take a deposition from Aviv but Shaughnessy moved to quash the subpoena on the grounds that Aviv 's work was protected from discovery by the so-called attorney work-product doctrine .
after the leak of the interfor report , counsel for the victims , families [tried] to take a deposition from aviv but shaughnessy moved to quash the subpoena on the grounds that aviv 's work was protected from discovery by the so-called attorney work-product doctrine .

( Curiously , although Magistrate Judge Ross ruled that plaintiffs did have the right to take a deposition from Aviv , their counsel never attempted to do so .
( curiously , although magistrate judge ross ruled that plaintiffs did have the right to take a deposition from aviv , their counsel never [tried] to do so .

Uncertainly , he turned his back on the prowling form of Jeopardy and attempted to curl his body into the movement Amber had disrupted .
uncertainly , he turned his back on the prowling form of jeopardy and [tried] to curl his body into the movement amber had disrupted .

Each evening , before they slept , Dauntless attempted conversation with his new companion .
each evening , before they slept , dauntless [tried] conversation with his new companion .

Some Viennese and Italian builders appear to have attempted the impossible .
some viennese and italian builders appear to have [tried] the impossible .

The soundboard had cracks but no one had attempted to repair them .
the soundboard had cracks but no one had [tried] to repair them .

Wright and West , in a study of all incidents recorded by the police as genuine rapes or attempted rapes in six English counties over a five-year period from 1972 to 1976 , found that of a total of 297 cases , fellatio was attempted or demanded in 30 incidents , cunnilingus in 13 , buggery in 12 and other sexual acts usually involving masturbation in 35 .
wright and west , in a study of all incidents recorded by the police as genuine rapes or [tried] rapes in six english counties over a five-year period from 1972 to 1976 , found that of a total of 297 cases , fellatio was [tried] or demanded in 30 incidents , cunnilingus in 13 , buggery in 12 and other sexual acts usually involving masturbation in 35 .

Of a random sample of 644 female householders who were or had been married , 87 or 14 % had been the victims of rape or attempted rape by their husbands or ex-husbands .
of a random sample of 644 female householders who were or had been married , 87 or 14 % had been the victims of rape or [tried] rape by their husbands or ex-husbands .

Russell attempted to assess in a number of different ways the impact of wife rape on the victims in her survey .
russell [tried] to assess in a number of different ways the impact of wife rape on the victims in her survey .

involved extreme trauma ( two victims attempted suicide ) , 30 per cent .
involved extreme trauma ( two victims [tried] suicide ) , 30 per cent .

Wright looked at 255 rapes or attempted rapes investigated by the police as ‘ genuine ’ offences during 1972–1976 in six English police areas .
wright looked at 255 rapes or [tried] rapes investigated by the police as ‘ genuine ’ offences during 1972–1976 in six english police areas .

85 suspects were identified and 57 were charged with offences , but of these only 3 1 were charged with rape or attempted rape and only six were convicted .
85 suspects were identified and 57 were charged with offences , but of these only 3 1 were charged with rape or [tried] rape and only six were convicted .

In his survey of all incidents involving a solitary offender recorded by the police as rapes or attempted rapes between 1972 and 1976 in six English counties , he found that 204 men were arrested for rape or attempted rape .
in his survey of all incidents involving a solitary offender recorded by the police as rapes or [tried] rapes between 1972 and 1976 in six english counties , he found that 204 men were arrested for rape or [tried] rape .

‘ This was likely to have happened especially where the original charge was attempted rape .
‘ this was likely to have happened especially where the original charge was [tried] rape .

He made it clear that he would plead guilty to indecent assault but not to rape or attempted rape and he was allowed to do so .
he made it clear that he would plead guilty to indecent assault but not to rape or [tried] rape and he was allowed to do so .

’ It is noteworthy that , of the remaining 58 charged with rape or attempted rape , only 35 were convicted of these offences .
’ it is noteworthy that , of the remaining 58 charged with rape or [tried] rape , only 35 were convicted of these offences .

English law , for example , provides an offence of rape and attempted rape on the one hand with maximum penalties of life imprisonment , and indecent assault on the other , with a maximum penalty which has recently been raised from two to ten years ’ imprisonment .
english law , for example , provides an offence of rape and [tried] rape on the one hand with maximum penalties of life imprisonment , and indecent assault on the other , with a maximum penalty which has recently been raised from two to ten years ’ imprisonment .

These three new offences replace the old crimes of rape , attempted rape , sexual intercourse with the feeble-minded , and indecent assault on a male or a female .
these three new offences replace the old crimes of rape , [tried] rape , sexual intercourse with the feeble-minded , and indecent assault on a male or a female .

In the event of an attempted assault in such a situation a member of staff will need to take appropriate measures to defend themselves .
in the event of an [tried] assault in such a situation a member of staff will need to take appropriate measures to defend themselves .

Bear in mind that if the situation merits physical self-defence much may depend upon the attitude with which it is attempted .
bear in mind that if the situation merits physical self-defence much may depend upon the attitude with which it is [tried] .

With the Gloucester mosaic , however , it seems that a mosaicist has attempted an elaborate design which he has executed without much success .
with the gloucester mosaic , however , it seems that a mosaicist has [tried] an elaborate design which he has executed without much success .

The plant continued to run in warm-up mode while the federal government attempted unsuccessfully to persuade North-Rhine Westphalia to reconsider .
the plant continued to run in warm-up mode while the federal government [tried] unsuccessfully to persuade north-rhine westphalia to reconsider .

Police refused to intervene as protesters attempted to drive their cars to the point on the Atlantic coast where conservationists yearly attempt to count the birds before the hunters move in for the kill .
police refused to intervene as protesters [tried] to drive their cars to the point on the atlantic coast where conservationists yearly attempt to count the birds before the hunters move in for the kill .

( c ) investors who hold large blocks of the target 's shares may find that if they attempted to sell them in the market at the same time the price would fall .
( c ) investors who hold large blocks of the target 's shares may find that if they [tried] to sell them in the market at the same time the price would fall .

5.11.3 the recovery or attempted recovery of arrears of rent or other sums due from the Tenant and
5.11.3 the recovery or [tried] recovery of arrears of rent or other sums due from the tenant and

5.11.3 the recovery or attempted recovery of arrears of rent or other sums due from the Tenant and
5.11.3 the recovery or [tried] recovery of arrears of rent or other sums due from the tenant and

5.16.2 To take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the Premises and to notify the Landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the Landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement The landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .
5.16.2 to take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the premises and to notify the landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or [tried] to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement the landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .

Contemporary theorists have given much detailed attention to the questions of what a translation is , what kinds of translation may be attempted , what goals a translator may set , and how they may be achieved .
contemporary theorists have given much detailed attention to the questions of what a translation is , what kinds of translation may be [tried] , what goals a translator may set , and how they may be achieved .

His translators over the past two centuries might be divided into literalists , freewheeling creativists , and those — the greater number — who have attempted something in the middle way between Newmark 's `` semantic `` and `` communicative `` ; those , indeed , who have attempted to `` English `` him . ``
his translators over the past two centuries might be divided into literalists , freewheeling creativists , and those — the greater number — who have [tried] something in the middle way between newmark 's `` semantic `` and `` communicative `` ; those , indeed , who have [tried] to `` english `` him . ``

1.1 Modern judicial views on the ambit of the doctrine In Petrofina ( Great Britain ) Ltd v Martin [ 1966 ] Ch 146 two members of the Court of Appeal attempted to define what amounts to a restraint of trade .
1.1 modern judicial views on the ambit of the doctrine in petrofina ( great britain ) ltd v martin [ 1966 ] ch 146 two members of the court of appeal [tried] to define what amounts to a restraint of trade .

However , this balance should only be attempted in cases where there is the clearest precedent for the court to contemplate the exercise of a restraining power .
however , this balance should only be [tried] in cases where there is the clearest precedent for the court to contemplate the exercise of a restraining power .

This ruling has freed the American media to probe Watergate and Irangate in a depth and a detail which could not be attempted in equivalent circumstances in Britain , where the merest hint of impropriety in public life calls forth a libel writ .
this ruling has freed the american media to probe watergate and irangate in a depth and a detail which could not be [tried] in equivalent circumstances in britain , where the merest hint of impropriety in public life calls forth a libel writ .

‘ Kalimera , ’ Lindsey attempted shyly . ‘ Chero poli ? How do you do ? ’
‘ kalimera , ’ lindsey [tried] shyly . ‘ chero poli ? how do you do ? ’

In addition , there were local initiatives such as Club 403 which attempted to provide viewdata to domestic consumers in a limited geographical area .
in addition , there were local initiatives such as club 403 which [tried] to provide viewdata to domestic consumers in a limited geographical area .

Juggling three phones at once , she attempted to concentrate on placing and receiving orders from clients scattered across the world .
juggling three phones at once , she [tried] to concentrate on placing and receiving orders from clients scattered across the world .

Now , as the throbbing drone of the aircraft 's engines broke through her dark memories , and she wearily attempted to make herself more comfortable in her seat , Laura almost groaned aloud when she looked back at the total innocence and naïveté of her much younger self .
now , as the throbbing drone of the aircraft 's engines broke through her dark memories , and she wearily [tried] to make herself more comfortable in her seat , laura almost groaned aloud when she looked back at the total innocence and naïveté of her much younger self .

The whole day had been a great strain and although they had attempted to resolve their differences and clear the air Rachel found herself dreading the prospect of working with David Markham on a permanent basis .
the whole day had been a great strain and although they had [tried] to resolve their differences and clear the air rachel found herself dreading the prospect of working with david markham on a permanent basis .

’ Again she attempted to push past him .
’ again she [tried] to push past him .

Somehow she 'd been expecting resistance , something she had frequently encountered with Graham Rowell whenever she had attempted anything new , and it came as a shock to find that she and David Markham were on the same wavelength .
somehow she 'd been expecting resistance , something she had frequently encountered with graham rowell whenever she had [tried] anything new , and it came as a shock to find that she and david markham were on the same wavelength .

While David and Greg made their way to the front of the plane , Rachel and Nina attempted to assess the condition of the passengers who had been seated at the rear .
while david and greg made their way to the front of the plane , rachel and nina [tried] to assess the condition of the passengers who had been seated at the rear .

Blood was seeping rapidly through his trousers and Rachel had just attempted to staunch the flow when she felt someone touch her shoulder .
blood was seeping rapidly through his trousers and rachel had just [tried] to staunch the flow when she felt someone touch her shoulder .

He played baseball and hockey , attempted to play the flute — without success !
he played baseball and hockey , [tried] to play the flute — without success !

Police in Lothian are hunting a man who attempted to abduct a young woman in Musselburgh .
police in lothian are hunting a man who [tried] to abduct a young woman in musselburgh .

After more than a week of evidence , twenty seven year old Daniel Ahearn changed his plea on charges of assault and robbery and attempted extortion .
after more than a week of evidence , twenty seven year old daniel ahearn changed his plea on charges of assault and robbery and [tried] extortion .

They became involved after some of the cult 's former members attempted suicide .
they became involved after some of the cult 's former members [tried] suicide .

Police in Govan in Glasgow are hunting a man who attempted to abduct a seven year old boy as he played near his home in Govan .
police in govan in glasgow are hunting a man who [tried] to abduct a seven year old boy as he played near his home in govan .

Police in Govan are hunting a man who attempted to abduct a seven year old boy as he played outside his house .
police in govan are hunting a man who [tried] to abduct a seven year old boy as he played outside his house .

This is an extremely complex field , and only an indication of three major provisions of the Act can be attempted here .
this is an extremely complex field , and only an indication of three major provisions of the act can be [tried] here .

His solutions attempted to provide more speed for developers , more participation for the public and better quality development and conservation .
his solutions [tried] to provide more speed for developers , more participation for the public and better quality development and conservation .

Akiskal ( 1979 ) has attempted to integrate psychosocial and physiological factors into a unified model of depression .
akiskal ( 1979 ) has [tried] to integrate psychosocial and physiological factors into a unified model of depression .

The exit-entrance distinction was found to be more specific for depression , and people who attempted suicide not only had an excess of exit events , but also an excess of entrance events .
the exit-entrance distinction was found to be more specific for depression , and people who [tried] suicide not only had an excess of exit events , but also an excess of entrance events .

People who had attempted suicide were also particularly likely to have experienced an excess of events beyond their own control , which were rated as undesirable , and scaled as major or intermediate in terms of upset .
people who had [tried] suicide were also particularly likely to have experienced an excess of events beyond their own control , which were rated as undesirable , and scaled as major or intermediate in terms of upset .

However , it appears that when the measurement both of the disorder and of the type of event are attempted at a high level of specificity , then more specific correlations are revealed .
however , it appears that when the measurement both of the disorder and of the type of event are [tried] at a high level of specificity , then more specific correlations are revealed .

Nelson reviewed sixteen studies on early parental death , severity of depression and attempted suicide and came to the conclusion that a relationship between early loss and severe depression and with attempted suicide has been established .
nelson reviewed sixteen studies on early parental death , severity of depression and [tried] suicide and came to the conclusion that a relationship between early loss and severe depression and with [tried] suicide has been established .

During interviews with more than 2,000 adults in Chicago they attempted to identify the conflicts , frustrations and other role strains encountered by parents , married couples , workers and breadwinners , the coping behaviours used to attempt to minimise their impact , and any current symptoms of depression and anxiety .
during interviews with more than 2,000 adults in chicago they [tried] to identify the conflicts , frustrations and other role strains encountered by parents , married couples , workers and breadwinners , the coping behaviours used to attempt to minimise their impact , and any current symptoms of depression and anxiety .

Research which has attempted to untangle these issues has not , by and large , employed sufficiently sophisticated methods to clarify the picture .
research which has [tried] to untangle these issues has not , by and large , employed sufficiently sophisticated methods to clarify the picture .

At this stage , he said , it seems more likely that an attempted mugging went badly wrong .
at this stage , he said , it seems more likely that an [tried] mugging went badly wrong .

Work on these lines ( beyond the scope of this book ) has been attempted , but various , not necessarily valid , assumptions have to be made before progress is possible .
work on these lines ( beyond the scope of this book ) has been [tried] , but various , not necessarily valid , assumptions have to be made before progress is possible .

Some of the structures observed in two-dimensional jets are , for example , similar to those to be described for wakes below , and a unified account for all flows can be attempted .
some of the structures observed in two-dimensional jets are , for example , similar to those to be described for wakes below , and a unified account for all flows can be [tried] .

Suppose that one set the pendulum in motion , waited long enough for transients to die away , and then attempted to predict ( on the basis of previous experience ) what one would observe if one looked at the pendulum .
suppose that one set the pendulum in motion , waited long enough for transients to die away , and then [tried] to predict ( on the basis of previous experience ) what one would observe if one looked at the pendulum .

The topic is too diverse for a complete survey to be attempted here , but a few comments may be made .
the topic is too diverse for a complete survey to be [tried] here , but a few comments may be made .

Shown concurrently , and devised to complement each other , both were informed by Rozsika parker 's work : the historical exhibition with its insistence on a social context for embroidery in which class and gender are central ; the contemporary exhibition for the questions it attempted to pose about the relationship between women , textiles , and femininity , and , implicitly , the hierarchical and gendered value system of the visual arts .
shown concurrently , and devised to complement each other , both were informed by rozsika parker 's work : the historical exhibition with its insistence on a social context for embroidery in which class and gender are central ; the contemporary exhibition for the questions it [tried] to pose about the relationship between women , textiles , and femininity , and , implicitly , the hierarchical and gendered value system of the visual arts .

In the past , and particularly in the late 1960s , governments attempted to keep interest rates low so as not to discourage investment .
in the past , and particularly in the late 1960s , governments [tried] to keep interest rates low so as not to discourage investment .

If , for example , the authorities attempted to reduce Treasury bills through funding , the banks could increase their holdings of other types of bill instead .
if , for example , the authorities [tried] to reduce treasury bills through funding , the banks could increase their holdings of other types of bill instead .

But to business , the game against Crewe on Saturady was a run of the mill 3rd round cup tie agaainst a team from the lower divisions , namely they came to shut the Leeds midfield down and run around alot while Leeds sat back and attempted to play footy .
but to business , the game against crewe on saturady was a run of the mill 3rd round cup tie agaainst a team from the lower divisions , namely they came to shut the leeds midfield down and run around alot while leeds sat back and [tried] to play footy .

The second half was n't that much better , the opposition apparently decided that they 'd had their cup final however , so they meekly attempted to defend their 1–1 scoreline and this was their undoing .
the second half was n't that much better , the opposition apparently decided that they 'd had their cup final however , so they meekly [tried] to defend their 1–1 scoreline and this was their undoing .

Three old cruisers , Thetis , Intrepid and Iphigenia largely stripped and filled with concrete , attempted to sink themselves at the mouth of the canal .
three old cruisers , thetis , intrepid and iphigenia largely stripped and filled with concrete , [tried] to sink themselves at the mouth of the canal .

Guy attempted to pull her into his arms , but she resisted , tensing violently against him .
guy [tried] to pull her into his arms , but she resisted , tensing violently against him .

Fabia arose on Sunday morning , thought of Cara , of Barney , and of the man she had never yet met but , with guilty conscience , hoped to , and then attempted to shed her anxieties by remembering that , with Františkovy Láznë being less than twenty-five miles away , Františkovy Láznë was where she was heading for that day .
fabia arose on sunday morning , thought of cara , of barney , and of the man she had never yet met but , with guilty conscience , hoped to , and then [tried] to shed her anxieties by remembering that , with františkovy láznë being less than twenty-five miles away , františkovy láznë was where she was heading for that day .

’ she attempted to argue , but instantly saw that her remark had n't gone down well .
’ she [tried] to argue , but instantly saw that her remark had n't gone down well .

‘ About the interview … ’ she attempted — and got snarled at for her trouble .
‘ about the interview … ’ she [tried] — and got snarled at for her trouble .

‘ Well — um — you 're not so strange , ’ she attempted a joke to lighten the atmosphere , though owned , ‘ but you 've got the general idea . ’
‘ well — um — you 're not so strange , ’ she [tried] a joke to lighten the atmosphere , though owned , ‘ but you 've got the general idea . ’

‘ My n-name is Kingsdale ! ’ she attempted to bluff it out just the same .
‘ my n-name is kingsdale ! ’ she [tried] to bluff it out just the same .

But she 'd never enjoyed scenes — and something told her she would live to regret it mightily if she attempted to make a fool of this man .
but she 'd never enjoyed scenes — and something told her she would live to regret it mightily if she [tried] to make a fool of this man .

’ She attempted some light-hearted questioning , as he dabbed at his face and hair with the towel she had handed him .
’ she [tried] some light-hearted questioning , as he dabbed at his face and hair with the towel she had handed him .

She attempted to push him away , and then , as his wonderful mouth gentled over hers , she knew that to push him away was not what she wanted either .
she [tried] to push him away , and then , as his wonderful mouth gentled over hers , she knew that to push him away was not what she wanted either .

The man attempted a smile .
the man [tried] a smile .

If he had n't been so badly injured we would n't have even attempted a rescue until later , but he was in a bad way , so we had no choice .
if he had n't been so badly injured we would n't have even [tried] a rescue until later , but he was in a bad way , so we had no choice .

Blindly she hurried on , tearing herself free of branches that attempted to hold her back .
blindly she hurried on , tearing herself free of branches that [tried] to hold her back .

An unspoken reason for her attempted escape had also been the growing certainty that this attraction was coming to a head .
an unspoken reason for her [tried] escape had also been the growing certainty that this attraction was coming to a head .

‘ Thank you , ’ she said , as they entered the barn , but when she attempted to withdraw her hand his grip tightened .
‘ thank you , ’ she said , as they entered the barn , but when she [tried] to withdraw her hand his grip tightened .

When he had attempted to release Simon he must have been hurt , for blood was forming crimson rivulets down one side of his face .
when he had [tried] to release simon he must have been hurt , for blood was forming crimson rivulets down one side of his face .

‘ Simon attempted to pass me on a bend , but he lost the back end of his car and all control .
‘ simon [tried] to pass me on a bend , but he lost the back end of his car and all control .

On the occasions when Leif had attempted to fix a date — sometimes a lunch date — the little boy had never been included .
on the occasions when leif had [tried] to fix a date — sometimes a lunch date — the little boy had never been included .

This proposal found support in the work of Lord Kelvin , the pioneer Victorian geophysicist , who attempted to calculate the age of the Earth from its probable rate of cooling on the assumption that it had formed as a molten offshoot of the Sun .
this proposal found support in the work of lord kelvin , the pioneer victorian geophysicist , who [tried] to calculate the age of the earth from its probable rate of cooling on the assumption that it had formed as a molten offshoot of the sun .

Anyone who has attempted to compile machine-readable data either for teaching or research purposes will agree that such an undertaking impinges so greatly on our time and resources as to minimize our interest in providing support for other scholars who might become interested in our data .
anyone who has [tried] to compile machine-readable data either for teaching or research purposes will agree that such an undertaking impinges so greatly on our time and resources as to minimize our interest in providing support for other scholars who might become interested in our data .

The workers attempted to remove these disadvantages by reintroducing the concept of an incompressible and predictable basic wage of ‘ standard rate ’ , through trade unions or through informal practices .
the workers [tried] to remove these disadvantages by reintroducing the concept of an incompressible and predictable basic wage of ‘ standard rate ’ , through trade unions or through informal practices .

Apart from its convenience as a legitimation of the rule of white over coloured , rich over poor , it is perhaps best explained as a mechanism by means of which a fundamentally inegalitarian society based upon a fundamentally egalitarian ideology rationalised its inequalities , and attempted to justify and defend those privileges which the democracy implicit in its institutions must inevitably challenge .
apart from its convenience as a legitimation of the rule of white over coloured , rich over poor , it is perhaps best explained as a mechanism by means of which a fundamentally inegalitarian society based upon a fundamentally egalitarian ideology rationalised its inequalities , and [tried] to justify and defend those privileges which the democracy implicit in its institutions must inevitably challenge .

The neglect of these important questions to which Keynes attempted to provide answers could , to some extent , account for the recent disenchantment with the Keynesian approach to macroeconomic theory and for the parallel reaction in the form of the rise of new classical macroeconomics .
the neglect of these important questions to which keynes [tried] to provide answers could , to some extent , account for the recent disenchantment with the keynesian approach to macroeconomic theory and for the parallel reaction in the form of the rise of new classical macroeconomics .

Although a satisfactory account of these models requires a level of technical exposition well beyond the scope of this book , the basic question which they attempted to answer is quite simple to grasp .
although a satisfactory account of these models requires a level of technical exposition well beyond the scope of this book , the basic question which they [tried] to answer is quite simple to grasp .

The plaintiff tried to obtain collection of a debt under the contract by way of summary judgment , and , when the defendant attempted to raise a counterclaim for breach which would entitle him to defend the case , relied on this clause .
the plaintiff tried to obtain collection of a debt under the contract by way of summary judgment , and , when the defendant [tried] to raise a counterclaim for breach which would entitle him to defend the case , relied on this clause .

When it attempted to go-ahead with the purchase , Friends of the Earth launched a legal challenge , claiming that due notice had not been served on some of the owners .
when it [tried] to go-ahead with the purchase , friends of the earth launched a legal challenge , claiming that due notice had not been served on some of the owners .

Eight pairs of sea eagles attempted to breed in Scotland this year , with four pairs successfully rearing a total of five young .
eight pairs of sea eagles [tried] to breed in scotland this year , with four pairs successfully rearing a total of five young .

Eventually `` Cocky `` agreed with the proviso that he undertook a short course at Warboys on the Mossie before he attempted what was known as the Cheshire low-level marking technique .
eventually `` cocky `` agreed with the proviso that he undertook a short course at warboys on the mossie before he [tried] what was known as the cheshire low-level marking technique .

More recent trade union publications and communications have attempted to deal with these pitfalls and have placed greater emphasis on aspects such as job satisfaction and stress at work , rather than the physical environment and equipment specifications .
more recent trade union publications and communications have [tried] to deal with these pitfalls and have placed greater emphasis on aspects such as job satisfaction and stress at work , rather than the physical environment and equipment specifications .

Consultative arrangements of this sort have been attempted in relation to a number of planning decisions in recent years .
consultative arrangements of this sort have been [tried] in relation to a number of planning decisions in recent years .

The second section , `` Applications `` , considers how various other theorists have attempted to develop Austin 's theory .
the second section , `` applications `` , considers how various other theorists have [tried] to develop austin 's theory .

In line with Cockburn 's experiments , other villages in the region began to develop industries for local craftsmen , such as Andrew Fletcher 's attempted factory at Saltoun .
in line with cockburn 's experiments , other villages in the region began to develop industries for local craftsmen , such as andrew fletcher 's [tried] factory at saltoun .

The workshop attempted to explore the issues involved and relate them to experience in West Belfast .
the workshop [tried] to explore the issues involved and relate them to experience in west belfast .

Many before him had attempted to explain cookery in scientific terms and had succeeded only in turning both science and cookery into the deadliest of bores .
many before him had [tried] to explain cookery in scientific terms and had succeeded only in turning both science and cookery into the deadliest of bores .

But none of the various attempted explanations has so far proved satisfactory .
but none of the various [tried] explanations has so far proved satisfactory .

These questions characterize some of the issues that research on lexical development has attempted to answer .
these questions characterize some of the issues that research on lexical development has [tried] to answer .

There are reports that she attempted to leave Northumberland House : it seems that she stayed on one occasion with Louise Purdon , who was a `` night-nurse `` with her own flat above a chemist 's , until she was found and taken back .
there are reports that she [tried] to leave northumberland house : it seems that she stayed on one occasion with louise purdon , who was a `` night-nurse `` with her own flat above a chemist 's , until she was found and taken back .

His own understanding of the poem , however , was a quite different thing and , as he explained to Anne Ridler , there was no central meaning , since he had attempted to find a method of uniting on an emotional level a variety of elements which were otherwise quite unrelated .
his own understanding of the poem , however , was a quite different thing and , as he explained to anne ridler , there was no central meaning , since he had [tried] to find a method of uniting on an emotional level a variety of elements which were otherwise quite unrelated .

This had been the problem with The Family Reunion as well , and it was one which he attempted to solve in his next play .
this had been the problem with the family reunion as well , and it was one which he [tried] to solve in his next play .

In March they returned to England , and he attempted to catch up with all the work and correspondence he had left behind .
in march they returned to england , and he [tried] to catch up with all the work and correspondence he had left behind .

He was a writer who attempted to create order and coherence , and yet his central vision was of `` the Void `` .
he was a writer who [tried] to create order and coherence , and yet his central vision was of `` the void `` .

For example , in both West Germany and Britain in the 1980s conservative governments attempted to ‘ catch up ’ on introducing new technologies and new media as an antidote — as they saw it — to their socialist predecessors ' delaying tactics .
for example , in both west germany and britain in the 1980s conservative governments [tried] to ‘ catch up ’ on introducing new technologies and new media as an antidote — as they saw it — to their socialist predecessors ' delaying tactics .

Baldwin never attempted to do this .
baldwin never [tried] to do this .

Yet the question remains as to what Baldwin thought he might have attempted in a long night of ‘ reasoning together ’ .
yet the question remains as to what baldwin thought he might have [tried] in a long night of ‘ reasoning together ’ .

There are lessons to be learned from the tale of the three attempted rescues .
there are lessons to be learned from the tale of the three [tried] rescues .

Alternatively , the attempted rescues may be supposed to have owed nothing to ideology , but as having been purely a misjudged essay in job-preservation .
alternatively , the [tried] rescues may be supposed to have owed nothing to ideology , but as having been purely a misjudged essay in job-preservation .

If however the attempted rescues were purely an ill-judged attempt to preserve employment , we need only resolve not to make the same mistake again .
if however the [tried] rescues were purely an ill-judged attempt to preserve employment , we need only resolve not to make the same mistake again .

He attempted ‘ to introduce some order ’ into the subject and to deal with it systematically .
he [tried] ‘ to introduce some order ’ into the subject and to deal with it systematically .

Where there are treaty procedures these should be attempted first , unless the necessity for forcible action is overwhelmimg .
where there are treaty procedures these should be [tried] first , unless the necessity for forcible action is overwhelmimg .

The press , who had been alerted by an anonymous call to Reuters the previous day by one of the assassins , were out in force , waiting and hoping to get an exclusive of an assassination , or at least an attempted assassination , for the morning papers .
the press , who had been alerted by an anonymous call to reuters the previous day by one of the assassins , were out in force , waiting and hoping to get an exclusive of an assassination , or at least an [tried] assassination , for the morning papers .

Kolchinsky explained the day 's events , culminating in the attempted assassination of Jamel Mobuto .
kolchinsky explained the day 's events , culminating in the [tried] assassination of jamel mobuto .

‘ Last year we went into Honduras to help the government troops suppress an attempted coup d'état by Communist-backed rebels .
‘ last year we went into honduras to help the government troops suppress an [tried] coup d'état by communist-backed rebels .

Mobuto had never once referred to his father by name or attempted to make any apology for the abhorrent crimes that had been committed under his regime .
mobuto had never once referred to his father by name or [tried] to make any apology for the abhorrent crimes that had been committed under his regime .

When the Vietnamese Revolutionary Youth League was formed by Ho in 1925 its nucleus consisted of Vietnamese terrorists , the Tam Tam Xa , who had already attempted the assassination of a French Governor-General on a state visit to Canton , and Canton became a staging-post for the return of young Vietnamese revolutionaries who might now declare themselves to be Marxists as well .
when the vietnamese revolutionary youth league was formed by ho in 1925 its nucleus consisted of vietnamese terrorists , the tam tam xa , who had already [tried] the assassination of a french governor-general on a state visit to canton , and canton became a staging-post for the return of young vietnamese revolutionaries who might now declare themselves to be marxists as well .

In the event , when insurrections were attempted both in the area of Lang Son , on the Chinese border , in September , and in Cochinchina in November , they were repressed with little difficulty by the French colonial government which still deployed enough effective power to ensure that these were rather rash , forlorn , and certainly premature insurrections .
in the event , when insurrections were [tried] both in the area of lang son , on the chinese border , in september , and in cochinchina in november , they were repressed with little difficulty by the french colonial government which still deployed enough effective power to ensure that these were rather rash , forlorn , and certainly premature insurrections .

On 17 September 1945 , a fortnight after Gracey 's arrival , the Vietminh attempted to paralyse Saigon by calling a general strike .
on 17 september 1945 , a fortnight after gracey 's arrival , the vietminh [tried] to paralyse saigon by calling a general strike .

Middleton and Bayles attempted to defend themselves against the allegations , but the 1846 Report mentions the Examiners ' surprise at `` the gross ignorance of the boys in divinity `` .
middleton and bayles [tried] to defend themselves against the allegations , but the 1846 report mentions the examiners ' surprise at `` the gross ignorance of the boys in divinity `` .

Inspired probably by the continuing ill-feeling towards himself , Gurney had attempted to leave the Grammar School by applying for the Mastership of Wellington College early in 1855 , but the Goldsmiths declined to supply a testimonial of his conduct until he had given up his post , and his application therefore lapsed .
inspired probably by the continuing ill-feeling towards himself , gurney had [tried] to leave the grammar school by applying for the mastership of wellington college early in 1855 , but the goldsmiths declined to supply a testimonial of his conduct until he had given up his post , and his application therefore lapsed .

He began mumbling in Latin , and attempted to make the sign of the Cross .
he began mumbling in latin , and [tried] to make the sign of the cross .

Wilson attempted to mediate between the powers to end the war , but neither side was prepared to give in .
wilson [tried] to mediate between the powers to end the war , but neither side was prepared to give in .

The act which emerged in 1933 — the National Industrial Recovery Act — attempted planning on a voluntary basis .
the act which emerged in 1933 — the national industrial recovery act — [tried] planning on a voluntary basis .

Truman attempted to tie the financial aid provided to a programme of reform , which Chiang promised to undertake , but which never in fact materialized .
truman [tried] to tie the financial aid provided to a programme of reform , which chiang promised to undertake , but which never in fact materialized .

We shall be drawing our examples from the professional knowledge , not only of teachers , but of media specialists and librarians , because they have much to suggest to us , and because their contributions within schools and without are important to what can be attempted and achieved .
we shall be drawing our examples from the professional knowledge , not only of teachers , but of media specialists and librarians , because they have much to suggest to us , and because their contributions within schools and without are important to what can be [tried] and achieved .

When these two studies using rt-PA were combined it was found that the earlier the attempted thrombolysis the higher the patency rate of the infarct related vessel .
when these two studies using rt-pa were combined it was found that the earlier the [tried] thrombolysis the higher the patency rate of the infarct related vessel .

The question then is should angioplasty be attempted in these patients or is bypass grafting indicated ?
the question then is should angioplasty be [tried] in these patients or is bypass grafting indicated ?

The Profitboss knows the value of excellent customer relations and will resist any attempted reduction of travelling and entertainment expenses by short-sighted finance people . How do you measure goodwill ?
the profitboss knows the value of excellent customer relations and will resist any [tried] reduction of travelling and entertainment expenses by short-sighted finance people . how do you measure goodwill ?

He does n't cough up , cry off , cave in or collapse under pressure from the unions , no matter how fierce their attempted stranglehold .
he does n't cough up , cry off , cave in or collapse under pressure from the unions , no matter how fierce their [tried] stranglehold .

Those seeds came to full flower when we attempted to analyse the consequences of the act of measurement .
those seeds came to full flower when we [tried] to analyse the consequences of the act of measurement .

Collectivist strategies attempted to restrain any tendencies towards statism or socialism by tempering the full rigours of laissez-faire capitalism through a renewal of state and semi-state institutions .
collectivist strategies [tried] to restrain any tendencies towards statism or socialism by tempering the full rigours of laissez-faire capitalism through a renewal of state and semi-state institutions .

As the detailed analysis of the contents of the Review given below clearly reveals , inter-war English studies attempted to offer the literary work , and the cultural continuum within which it was placed , as a palpable experience of the harmonious fusion of diverse influences beyond all actual social divisions .
as the detailed analysis of the contents of the review given below clearly reveals , inter-war english studies [tried] to offer the literary work , and the cultural continuum within which it was placed , as a palpable experience of the harmonious fusion of diverse influences beyond all actual social divisions .

This was despite the fact that the media had reacted in support of the government and the Constitution during the days following the attempted coup .
this was despite the fact that the media had reacted in support of the government and the constitution during the days following the [tried] coup .

Yes , and it is significant that the author of the book was German like Harald Keller , who with his Kunstlandschaften Italiens attempted to define regional characteristics in various Italian styles .
yes , and it is significant that the author of the book was german like harald keller , who with his kunstlandschaften italiens [tried] to define regional characteristics in various italian styles .

It was not until Rewald 's 1944 publication , Degas , Works in Sculpture , that a fully illustrated catalogue appeared and it was another thirty years before Charles Millard 's The Sculpture of Edgar Degas attempted to set the work in a wider context .
it was not until rewald 's 1944 publication , degas , works in sculpture , that a fully illustrated catalogue appeared and it was another thirty years before charles millard 's the sculpture of edgar degas [tried] to set the work in a wider context .

Torrel James , 28 , a policeman in Port-of-Spain and a former Trinidad & Tobago Youth representative opening bowler , has been jailed for 15 years and received 20 lashes with the birch after being found guilty of the attempted murder of his girlfriend and her father in 1989 .
torrel james , 28 , a policeman in port-of-spain and a former trinidad & tobago youth representative opening bowler , has been jailed for 15 years and received 20 lashes with the birch after being found guilty of the [tried] murder of his girlfriend and her father in 1989 .

Kanhai made a mess of an attempted pull and was caught ; resuming next over , Martin found the edge as a languid Sobers propped forward , to be caught by Simpson at slip ; and after playing the hat-trick ball , Worrell was also caught by Simpson completing a ‘ pair ’ .
kanhai made a mess of an [tried] pull and was caught ; resuming next over , martin found the edge as a languid sobers propped forward , to be caught by simpson at slip ; and after playing the hat-trick ball , worrell was also caught by simpson completing a ‘ pair ’ .

The excavators at Silchester and Caerwent had found great quantities , but regarded it as merely so commonplace and ordinary , that they hardly bothered even to mention it , thus ignoring the important principle laid down earlier by the great Pitt-Rivers , who attempted to record everything he found ‘ however small and however common … common things are of more importance than particular things , because they are more prevalent ’ ( 1898 , 27 ) .
the excavators at silchester and caerwent had found great quantities , but regarded it as merely so commonplace and ordinary , that they hardly bothered even to mention it , thus ignoring the important principle laid down earlier by the great pitt-rivers , who [tried] to record everything he found ‘ however small and however common … common things are of more importance than particular things , because they are more prevalent ’ ( 1898 , 27 ) .

He sought out Caratacus and stormed the strong defensive position he had chosen , but the British commander escaped , as did many of the British warriors , and attempted to win Cartimandua to his cause .
he sought out caratacus and stormed the strong defensive position he had chosen , but the british commander escaped , as did many of the british warriors , and [tried] to win cartimandua to his cause .

In the late Republic and early Empire , political figures ( and later the Emperor ) attempted to increase the number and variety of creatures , even including criminals in these vast , bloody spectacles so horrific and disgusting to modern man .
in the late republic and early empire , political figures ( and later the emperor ) [tried] to increase the number and variety of creatures , even including criminals in these vast , bloody spectacles so horrific and disgusting to modern man .

Where the shifting of assets and activities from the public to the private sector has not been possible , the government has attempted to subject public organizations ( such as the National Health Service and the administrative sections of Whitehall departments ) to competitive and financial pressures analogous to market pressures under which private businesses operate .
where the shifting of assets and activities from the public to the private sector has not been possible , the government has [tried] to subject public organizations ( such as the national health service and the administrative sections of whitehall departments ) to competitive and financial pressures analogous to market pressures under which private businesses operate .

Another , more complex , attempted resolution of the above paradox , which suggests , similarly , that the justification for enforcement can be derived from the principle of respect for individual autonomy , returns to liberalism 's definition of ‘ the right ’ or the constitution of society .
another , more complex , [tried] resolution of the above paradox , which suggests , similarly , that the justification for enforcement can be derived from the principle of respect for individual autonomy , returns to liberalism 's definition of ‘ the right ’ or the constitution of society .

The monuments in Moscow to the revolutionary leaders which were taken down after the attempted coup last August have not been placed in the Museum of Totalitarian Art , as was stated .
the monuments in moscow to the revolutionary leaders which were taken down after the [tried] coup last august have not been placed in the museum of totalitarian art , as was stated .

But all these agreements remain little more than pious hopes , even when , as in the case of Anna Wolska , President Walesa himself attempted to translate them into action .
but all these agreements remain little more than pious hopes , even when , as in the case of anna wolska , president walesa himself [tried] to translate them into action .

They have n't attempted to create period rooms , and they do n't have the big architectural framework of our museum .
they have n't [tried] to create period rooms , and they do n't have the big architectural framework of our museum .

Critics , without notable success , have attempted to describe it .
critics , without notable success , have [tried] to describe it .

Asked why this kind of legislation has not been attempted earlier , Mr Jayaweera pointed out that ‘ any legislation is the product of historical , political and socio-cultural forces . ’
asked why this kind of legislation has not been [tried] earlier , mr jayaweera pointed out that ‘ any legislation is the product of historical , political and socio-cultural forces . ’

Another diplomatic marriage was that which attempted to bring the house of Foix into a closer relationship with the French crown and with the great families of northern France .
another diplomatic marriage was that which [tried] to bring the house of foix into a closer relationship with the french crown and with the great families of northern france .

Each target is attempted five times in Figure 4.10 within a specific time period , usually a week .
each target is [tried] five times in figure 4.10 within a specific time period , usually a week .

‘ During the time we had the picture in our possession , in an attempt to keep it off the international art market we consulted the criminal police , and attempted to put the picture on the index of important works of art which can not leave Germany .
‘ during the time we had the picture in our possession , in an attempt to keep it off the international art market we consulted the criminal police , and [tried] to put the picture on the index of important works of art which can not leave germany .

This is why the Kunstmuseum section concludes with Baselitz , who , in the context of Transavanguardia and Neo-Expressionism , has attempted to return to the traditional forms of painting and ‘ standing sculpture ’ .
this is why the kunstmuseum section concludes with baselitz , who , in the context of transavanguardia and neo-expressionism , has [tried] to return to the traditional forms of painting and ‘ standing sculpture ’ .

Male suicides generally exceed female suicides ( although the ratio is reversed for attempted suicide ) .
male suicides generally exceed female suicides ( although the ratio is reversed for [tried] suicide ) .

Others have attempted to extract information from pre-compiled sources such as machine-readable dictionaries and thesauri .
others have [tried] to extract information from pre-compiled sources such as machine-readable dictionaries and thesauri .

Some researchers have attempted to model typical human knowledge sources in the form of ’ scripts ’ that could be activated , like human knowledge sources , when deemed relevant .
some researchers have [tried] to model typical human knowledge sources in the form of ’ scripts ’ that could be activated , like human knowledge sources , when deemed relevant .

The representational aspects of the five theories differ widely , but all suffer from the same problems of knowledge acquisition and inefficiency when implementations are attempted .
the representational aspects of the five theories differ widely , but all suffer from the same problems of knowledge acquisition and inefficiency when implementations are [tried] .

Some researchers have attempted to capture the core meaning of words by decomposing them into a small set of ’ building blocks ’ known as semantic primitives [ Wilks 1973 ] . Schank [ 1972 ] drew up a list of 12-15 primitive actions that he claims underlie the meaning of all active verbs , of which a number are listed below :
some researchers have [tried] to capture the core meaning of words by decomposing them into a small set of ’ building blocks ’ known as semantic primitives [ wilks 1973 ] . schank [ 1972 ] drew up a list of 12-15 primitive actions that he claims underlie the meaning of all active verbs , of which a number are listed below :

Traditionally , semantic theories have been more concerned with language understanding rather than recognition ; and have in most cases attempted a full exposition of language in all its semantic complexity .
traditionally , semantic theories have been more concerned with language understanding rather than recognition ; and have in most cases [tried] a full exposition of language in all its semantic complexity .

Alongside all this , gaining momentum in the second half of the century , was a new taxonomic and labelling zeal which attempted to classify ‘ scientifically ’ the characteristics and increasingly the aetiologies of the forms of sexual variety , and in so doing helped construct them as objects of study and as sexual categories .
alongside all this , gaining momentum in the second half of the century , was a new taxonomic and labelling zeal which [tried] to classify ‘ scientifically ’ the characteristics and increasingly the aetiologies of the forms of sexual variety , and in so doing helped construct them as objects of study and as sexual categories .

Peter Laslett , for instance , has attempted to show that the average household size from the late sixteenth century to the twentieth century was 4.75 persons ( that is , always ‘ nuclear ’ ) , and he has used this data to challenge the notion that the nuclear model is a product of ‘ modernisation ’ .
peter laslett , for instance , has [tried] to show that the average household size from the late sixteenth century to the twentieth century was 4.75 persons ( that is , always ‘ nuclear ’ ) , and he has used this data to challenge the notion that the nuclear model is a product of ‘ modernisation ’ .

Nevertheless , during the nineteenth century the working class was the recipient of various phases of evangelism and attempted colonisation .
nevertheless , during the nineteenth century the working class was the recipient of various phases of evangelism and [tried] colonisation .

Doctors attempted to remain firmly in control of advice on contraception , and advocates of its use were generally coolly received .
doctors [tried] to remain firmly in control of advice on contraception , and advocates of its use were generally coolly received .

The publication of Godwin 's Political Justice in 1793 prompted Thomas Malthus 's attempted refutation of his argument , that the cause of human misery was social institutions , in the famous Essay on Population .
the publication of godwin 's political justice in 1793 prompted thomas malthus 's [tried] refutation of his argument , that the cause of human misery was social institutions , in the famous essay on population .

’ Recently Edward Shorter , in a series of articles and in his book The Making of the Modern Family , has attempted to explain this phenomenon in general terms .
’ recently edward shorter , in a series of articles and in his book the making of the modern family , has [tried] to explain this phenomenon in general terms .

The Malthusian of June 1914 estimated that 100,000 women a year took drugs to induce miscarriage , and there were suggestions at the time that there were few mothers of large families who had not attempted abortion .
the malthusian of june 1914 estimated that 100,000 women a year took drugs to induce miscarriage , and there were suggestions at the time that there were few mothers of large families who had not [tried] abortion .

The middle-class evangelism which attempted to transform working-class moral habits , which had continued throughout the century , accentuated in the last decades under the stress of perceived social tensions .
the middle-class evangelism which [tried] to transform working-class moral habits , which had continued throughout the century , accentuated in the last decades under the stress of perceived social tensions .

From the 1860s organisations such as the Charity Organisation Society , the Salvation Army , Church and many other philanthropic missions , through their direct intervention in working-class life attempted to mould it to conform to a middle-class norm .
from the 1860s organisations such as the charity organisation society , the salvation army , church and many other philanthropic missions , through their direct intervention in working-class life [tried] to mould it to conform to a middle-class norm .

Artemis attempted a smile to reassure him that she at least was n't going to let him down by crying , but he paid her no attention .
artemis [tried] a smile to reassure him that she at least was n't going to let him down by crying , but he paid her no attention .

Rowntree attempted no detailed quantification of rural poverty , in view of the wide scope of his inquiry .
rowntree [tried] no detailed quantification of rural poverty , in view of the wide scope of his inquiry .

The 1909 Act attempted to close off this means of evasion .
the 1909 act [tried] to close off this means of evasion .

These qualifications and cautions become particularly appropriate when we come to consider the historical and social sources of these broad changes that we have attempted to outline .
these qualifications and cautions become particularly appropriate when we come to consider the historical and social sources of these broad changes that we have [tried] to outline .

Mechanisms of political control were backed up by a harsh system of regulation , which attempted to minimize all social , political and economic change among the population at large .
mechanisms of political control were backed up by a harsh system of regulation , which [tried] to minimize all social , political and economic change among the population at large .

The re-emergence of the court onto the political scene and its collusion with many of the Bakufu 's other opponents promoted an attempted rapprochement between the Tokugawa and imperial factions in the early 1860s , but this proved short-lived .
the re-emergence of the court onto the political scene and its collusion with many of the bakufu 's other opponents promoted an [tried] rapprochement between the tokugawa and imperial factions in the early 1860s , but this proved short-lived .

Keiki accepted this fait accompli and withdrew towards Osaka , but this acquiescence was not supported by some of his followers , who attempted to occupy Kyoto and clashed with troops mainly from Satsuma and Choshú0 fighting as the ‘ imperial army ’ .
keiki accepted this fait accompli and withdrew towards osaka , but this acquiescence was not supported by some of his followers , who [tried] to occupy kyoto and clashed with troops mainly from satsuma and choshú0 fighting as the ‘ imperial army ’ .

Changes had been partially attempted before the Restoration .
changes had been partially [tried] before the restoration .

For the initial years after 1910 Korea was under a brutal military regime which attempted to crush all anti-Japanese activity and sentiment .
for the initial years after 1910 korea was under a brutal military regime which [tried] to crush all anti-japanese activity and sentiment .

The more ‘ positive ’ Tanaka approach was soon reflected in policy , as the Japanese attempted to acquire a greater say in Manchuria .
the more ‘ positive ’ tanaka approach was soon reflected in policy , as the japanese [tried] to acquire a greater say in manchuria .

The rulers o Japan from the early seventeenth century attempted to confirm their dominance by restricting all political , social and economic change in the country to within rigidly defined limits .
the rulers o japan from the early seventeenth century [tried] to confirm their dominance by restricting all political , social and economic change in the country to within rigidly defined limits .

In the years after 1868 the new regime attempted to manipulate selected facets of Tokugawa society to impose a uniform social structure and morality which could then be trumpeted as ‘ traditional ’ .
in the years after 1868 the new regime [tried] to manipulate selected facets of tokugawa society to impose a uniform social structure and morality which could then be trumpeted as ‘ traditional ’ .

Intellectuals , journalists and activists in the labour and farmers , movement attempted to gain the attention of the public and force the government to take action on urban and rural poverty , but achieved little substantial change .
intellectuals , journalists and activists in the labour and farmers , movement [tried] to gain the attention of the public and force the government to take action on urban and rural poverty , but achieved little substantial change .

Authorities concerned over rural depopulation have attempted to provide for the consumer and cultural needs of rural dwellers , but the drift has persisted .
authorities concerned over rural depopulation have [tried] to provide for the consumer and cultural needs of rural dwellers , but the drift has persisted .

Attempted suicide .
[tried] suicide .

self-inflicted injuries , attempted suicide , alcohol and drug abuse .
self-inflicted injuries , [tried] suicide , alcohol and drug abuse .

Attempted suicide .
[tried] suicide .

Self inflicted injuries , attempted suicide , alcohol and drug abuse .
self inflicted injuries , [tried] suicide , alcohol and drug abuse .

Her argument was that simulated sexual acts on the stage , an attempted scene of male rape , were not only offensive but constituted a criminal offence under Section 13 of the Sexual Offences Act 1956 .
her argument was that simulated sexual acts on the stage , an [tried] scene of male rape , were not only offensive but constituted a criminal offence under section 13 of the sexual offences act 1956 .

Obvious as the proposition may sound , the aim is not always realized , or sometimes attempted , by departments with overlapping interests and markedly different histories and traditions .
obvious as the proposition may sound , the aim is not always realized , or sometimes [tried] , by departments with overlapping interests and markedly different histories and traditions .

Faced with the need to take some action , and willing to restrict the death penalty but not to abandon it completely , a classic step on the road to abolition , the Government turned again to the idea of categorizing murders which the Labour Government had attempted , fruitlessly , as a way out of a previous Parliamentary impasse in 1948 .
faced with the need to take some action , and willing to restrict the death penalty but not to abandon it completely , a classic step on the road to abolition , the government turned again to the idea of categorizing murders which the labour government had [tried] , fruitlessly , as a way out of a previous parliamentary impasse in 1948 .

The re-organization of the courts of justice , long recognized as necessary but not previously attempted , owed much for its implementation to the perseverance of Gardiner .
the re-organization of the courts of justice , long recognized as necessary but not previously [tried] , owed much for its implementation to the perseverance of gardiner .

Where some have attempted to ignore international structural changes , others , perhaps grudgingly , have accepted the need for change and grasped the nettle of internal adjustment .
where some have [tried] to ignore international structural changes , others , perhaps grudgingly , have accepted the need for change and grasped the nettle of internal adjustment .

Once established to control domestic reinsurance flows , Kenya Re attempted to grow further by taking on risks from such countries as their African neighbours and Bangladesh .
once established to control domestic reinsurance flows , kenya re [tried] to grow further by taking on risks from such countries as their african neighbours and bangladesh .

His dilemma would have been similar , in some ways , to that which faced the coachman Jean Hornn when the latter finally came up to the town in the berline dormeuse and attempted to skirt it to avoid the encumbrances with which the road was choked ( see Part 1 ) .
his dilemma would have been similar , in some ways , to that which faced the coachman jean hornn when the latter finally came up to the town in the berline dormeuse and [tried] to skirt it to avoid the encumbrances with which the road was choked ( see part 1 ) .

This has been investigated in close detail by such social anthropologists as Edmund Leach , who attempted to describe the ‘ expressive ’ and symbolic aspects of thinking in industrial and non-industrial society alike ( 1954 , 1976 ) .
this has been investigated in close detail by such social anthropologists as edmund leach , who [tried] to describe the ‘ expressive ’ and symbolic aspects of thinking in industrial and non-industrial society alike ( 1954 , 1976 ) .

Frustrated by his colleagues ' lack attention to the problems of literacy , partly because of their tradition of studying ‘ pre-literate ’ societies , Goody has attempted in a number of articles and books ( 1963 , 1968 .
frustrated by his colleagues ' lack attention to the problems of literacy , partly because of their tradition of studying ‘ pre-literate ’ societies , goody has [tried] in a number of articles and books ( 1963 , 1968 .

Greenfield has attempted to apply this to other cultures , using questionnaires given to Wolof children to establish an empirical basis for the distinction ( 1972 ) .
greenfield has [tried] to apply this to other cultures , using questionnaires given to wolof children to establish an empirical basis for the distinction ( 1972 ) .

One way in which some writers have attempted to avoid this problem has been by appealing to literacy , as a case where the formal features of language can be claimed to make sense apart from context .
one way in which some writers have [tried] to avoid this problem has been by appealing to literacy , as a case where the formal features of language can be claimed to make sense apart from context .

He notes , for instance , that linguists have attempted to apply some of the terminology of natural science inappropriately to language , often through such metaphors as ‘ cohesion ’ , ‘ balance ’ etc .
he notes , for instance , that linguists have [tried] to apply some of the terminology of natural science inappropriately to language , often through such metaphors as ‘ cohesion ’ , ‘ balance ’ etc .

If my son had been on medication at the end of last year he would not have made an unprovoked attack on his father in November , nor attempted to share his New Year 's Eve lunch with the lions .
if my son had been on medication at the end of last year he would not have made an unprovoked attack on his father in november , nor [tried] to share his new year 's eve lunch with the lions .

The empirical method is seen most clearly in the work of John Austin who , in producing a science of positive law in terms of commands , sanctions , and habits , attempted to provide an explanation of law entirely in non-normative terminology .
the empirical method is seen most clearly in the work of john austin who , in producing a science of positive law in terms of commands , sanctions , and habits , [tried] to provide an explanation of law entirely in non-normative terminology .

Through this conservative normativist theory Dicey attempted to stem the tide of government growth in a collectivist direction .
through this conservative normativist theory dicey [tried] to stem the tide of government growth in a collectivist direction .

Jack Price had hurried to the phone and informed Dockhead police station that there was an attempted robbery in progress at the Clark Wharf .
jack price had hurried to the phone and informed dockhead police station that there was an [tried] robbery in progress at the clark wharf .

This is consistent with several earlier studies which have attempted to explain socioeconomic differences in morbidity and mortality by differences among subjects in known or suspected risk factors .
this is consistent with several earlier studies which have [tried] to explain socioeconomic differences in morbidity and mortality by differences among subjects in known or suspected risk factors .

We attempted to transfer the patient for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation , but she did not survive the journey .
we [tried] to transfer the patient for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation , but she did not survive the journey .

On the one hand , cognitive-behavioural interventions with a high turnover and short contact have yielded promising results in the few studies in which they have been attempted .
on the one hand , cognitive-behavioural interventions with a high turnover and short contact have yielded promising results in the few studies in which they have been [tried] .

Ideally , there should be a handy way of obtaining an immediate print-out of any portion of text which poses problems that require special attention and can best be worked out on paper before the on-screen operations are attempted .
ideally , there should be a handy way of obtaining an immediate print-out of any portion of text which poses problems that require special attention and can best be worked out on paper before the on-screen operations are [tried] .

Reagan 's campaign for governor in 1966 was a response to the same shifts in public opinion that Goldwater had attempted to exploit , but it was not only in political attitudes that southern California was ahead of its time .
reagan 's campaign for governor in 1966 was a response to the same shifts in public opinion that goldwater had [tried] to exploit , but it was not only in political attitudes that southern california was ahead of its time .

It helped to inspire the creation of soviets elsewhere — among peasants and soldiers as well as workers — and it attempted to liaise between them .
it helped to inspire the creation of soviets elsewhere — among peasants and soldiers as well as workers — and it [tried] to liaise between them .

However , where such transplantation has been attempted , the results as far as productivity is concerned have not been as dramatic as management academics had expected ( Cole 1980 ) .
however , where such transplantation has been [tried] , the results as far as productivity is concerned have not been as dramatic as management academics had expected ( cole 1980 ) .

During the 1920s the Japan Communist Party attempted to organize opposition in a movement which asserted the primacy of individual democratic rights .
during the 1920s the japan communist party [tried] to organize opposition in a movement which asserted the primacy of individual democratic rights .

Large firms attempted to expand production levels but tried to avoid incurring heavy fixed-cost burdens on their own plants in case the boom was only temporary .
large firms [tried] to expand production levels but tried to avoid incurring heavy fixed-cost burdens on their own plants in case the boom was only temporary .

Similarly large corporations in the West have attempted to reduce undue rates of labour mobility among key workers by offering incremental wage scales or by placing contractual restrictions on their movement to rival firms .
similarly large corporations in the west have [tried] to reduce undue rates of labour mobility among key workers by offering incremental wage scales or by placing contractual restrictions on their movement to rival firms .

With labour rights now guaranteed , union membership rose from 7 per cent to 50 per cent between 1946 and 1948 and organized labour attempted to coordinate the attack on food stockpiling , to use strikes to force management to re-start production and to demonstrate in the streets against those wartime leaders still in power .
with labour rights now guaranteed , union membership rose from 7 per cent to 50 per cent between 1946 and 1948 and organized labour [tried] to coordinate the attack on food stockpiling , to use strikes to force management to re-start production and to demonstrate in the streets against those wartime leaders still in power .

Often quite different language and notations are needed with different groups ; it would be a very ambitious program that attempted to cope with this .
often quite different language and notations are needed with different groups ; it would be a very ambitious program that [tried] to cope with this .

Such additions to the software , which are necessarily written in machine code , are very effective but their production is fairly complex and time-consuming and can also lead to serious problems if transfer to a different machine is attempted .
such additions to the software , which are necessarily written in machine code , are very effective but their production is fairly complex and time-consuming and can also lead to serious problems if transfer to a different machine is [tried] .

He was not supposed to know whether the dealer was buying or selling on his client 's behalf , but nonetheless he attempted to guess this from the runner 's facial expression and comments .
he was not supposed to know whether the dealer was buying or selling on his client 's behalf , but nonetheless he [tried] to guess this from the runner 's facial expression and comments .

Further , some instructions halted the computer if an error occurred , such as attempted division by zero , whereas in a third generation computer this would be dealt with by setting a flag or generating an interrupt .
further , some instructions halted the computer if an error occurred , such as [tried] division by zero , whereas in a third generation computer this would be dealt with by setting a flag or generating an interrupt .

An extracode is an instruction which has a normal instruction format , but attempted execution of which causes an interrupt to be taken into the supervisor , instead of causing execution by the hardware .
an extracode is an instruction which has a normal instruction format , but [tried] execution of which causes an interrupt to be taken into the supervisor , instead of causing execution by the hardware .

The letters and words will be recognised — they are handled by automatised component subskills — but the meanings of the words are not assembled into the ideas which the author has attempted to express .
the letters and words will be recognised — they are handled by automatised component subskills — but the meanings of the words are not assembled into the ideas which the author has [tried] to express .

This effect can only arise if the nonword `` are being transformed into a phonological code before lexical access is attempted .
this effect can only arise if the nonword `` are being transformed into a phonological code before lexical access is [tried] .

Tom Rooney looked at Patrick closely , his pale eyes squinting in the dim light as he attempted to make out the younger man 's expression . ``
tom rooney looked at patrick closely , his pale eyes squinting in the dim light as he [tried] to make out the younger man 's expression . ``

`` No , no there 's nothing like that , `` Patrick attempted a smile .
`` no , no there 's nothing like that , `` patrick [tried] a smile .

How is it possible , in a democracy , for a committee of the House of Commons ( the elected representatives of the people ) to find itself prevented from interviewing civil servants when it wishes to do so , or faced with witnesses who refuse to answer questions that are put to them , as was the case when the Commons Select Committee on Defence attempted to investigate the Westland affair in 1986 ?
how is it possible , in a democracy , for a committee of the house of commons ( the elected representatives of the people ) to find itself prevented from interviewing civil servants when it wishes to do so , or faced with witnesses who refuse to answer questions that are put to them , as was the case when the commons select committee on defence [tried] to investigate the westland affair in 1986 ?

It is only in the twentieth century that theorists have attempted to produce a version of democracy in which popular participation is treated with suspicion , if not regarded as positively undesirable .
it is only in the twentieth century that theorists have [tried] to produce a version of democracy in which popular participation is treated with suspicion , if not regarded as positively undesirable .

Some pupils observed doing the practical task attempted to treat the charge as if it was a continuous scale , but there was no firm evidence of this happening in the written test version .
some pupils observed doing the practical task [tried] to treat the charge as if it was a continuous scale , but there was no firm evidence of this happening in the written test version .

pupil 3 ) attempted to obtain the answer to the question from the pattern of numbers relating to unshaded squares but most pupils saw the relationship between shaded and unshaded in each diagram which enabled them to calculate the required number directly .
pupil 3 ) [tried] to obtain the answer to the question from the pattern of numbers relating to unshaded squares but most pupils saw the relationship between shaded and unshaded in each diagram which enabled them to calculate the required number directly .

It is pointed out , for example , that if a government , having lost the confidence of the House , attempted to continue in power in breach of that convention , it would ultimately be forced to act illegally as Parliament would not grant it supply .
it is pointed out , for example , that if a government , having lost the confidence of the house , [tried] to continue in power in breach of that convention , it would ultimately be forced to act illegally as parliament would not grant it supply .

Parliament has , however , attempted to cling tenaciously to its role in the scrutiny of the implementation of that policy .
parliament has , however , [tried] to cling tenaciously to its role in the scrutiny of the implementation of that policy .

Two laboratory studies which attempted to assess the effects of real-life stresses on dreams used patients either awaiting major surgery or undergoing group therapy , in which they had to prepare themselves for a session devoted entirely to their own problems .
two laboratory studies which [tried] to assess the effects of real-life stresses on dreams used patients either awaiting major surgery or undergoing group therapy , in which they had to prepare themselves for a session devoted entirely to their own problems .

More generally , he attempted to relate the sensation of flying during a dream to sensations from the ventilation of the lungs during sleep , or to childhood memories of being thrown in the air .
more generally , he [tried] to relate the sensation of flying during a dream to sensations from the ventilation of the lungs during sleep , or to childhood memories of being thrown in the air .

In this report we have attempted to evaluate a major initiative in the promotion of curriculum-related library provision in secondary schools in one local authority .
in this report we have [tried] to evaluate a major initiative in the promotion of curriculum-related library provision in secondary schools in one local authority .

Looking up at the illuminated sign overhead she was glad she had not attempted to push her way in .
looking up at the illuminated sign overhead she was glad she had not [tried] to push her way in .

It certainly knocks spots off anything attempted by the newly-Thatcherising Conservatives in the run-up to the 1979 election .
it certainly knocks spots off anything [tried] by the newly-thatcherising conservatives in the run-up to the 1979 election .

While these national liberation movements in the Third World were in theory modelled on the nationalism of the West , in practice the states they attempted to construct were generally the opposite of the ethnically and linguistically homogeneous entities which came to be seen as the standard form of ‘ nation- state ’ in the West .
while these national liberation movements in the third world were in theory modelled on the nationalism of the west , in practice the states they [tried] to construct were generally the opposite of the ethnically and linguistically homogeneous entities which came to be seen as the standard form of ‘ nation- state ’ in the west .

In consequence a few sessions proved unproductive , and items had to be attempted on successive occasions before she was satisfied with the results .
in consequence a few sessions proved unproductive , and items had to be [tried] on successive occasions before she was satisfied with the results .

In Ireland , however , the position has been complicated by the failure of the attempted union with Britain .
in ireland , however , the position has been complicated by the failure of the [tried] union with britain .

The manoeuvre was attempted five or six times but was not successful because of the violent motion of the casualty in the heavy swell .
the manoeuvre was [tried] five or six times but was not successful because of the violent motion of the casualty in the heavy swell .

Before the tug arrived the lifeboat attempted to refloat the casualty by using a bow line and turning her to starboard , using her own engine and the jammed rudder .
before the tug arrived the lifeboat [tried] to refloat the casualty by using a bow line and turning her to starboard , using her own engine and the jammed rudder .

Nor did he doubt that the assault was attempted murder .
nor did he doubt that the assault was [tried] murder .

He stated that the United States had attempted to secure the unification of Korea but without success .
he stated that the united states had [tried] to secure the unification of korea but without success .

With a team of eminent academics , from Germany , France , Spain , Italy and Britain , an overall editor in the shape of Jean-Baptiste Durosell , former professor of contemporary history at the Sorbonne , and the backing of a powerful group of international publishers , he attempted the task of assembling , in one substantial but accessible volume , a distillation of all the elements , chronological , geographical , ethnographic , cultural , philosophical , spiritual , which have blended down the centuries to create the state of ‘ Europeanness ’ .
with a team of eminent academics , from germany , france , spain , italy and britain , an overall editor in the shape of jean-baptiste durosell , former professor of contemporary history at the sorbonne , and the backing of a powerful group of international publishers , he [tried] the task of assembling , in one substantial but accessible volume , a distillation of all the elements , chronological , geographical , ethnographic , cultural , philosophical , spiritual , which have blended down the centuries to create the state of ‘ europeanness ’ .

Only 51 per cent of the girls over 16 had attempted to avoid pregnancy ; others thought that they could not become pregnant because they were too young or had sex too infrequently .
only 51 per cent of the girls over 16 had [tried] to avoid pregnancy ; others thought that they could not become pregnant because they were too young or had sex too infrequently .

Although just over half of a sample of teenage mothers in 1979 — 80 had had some kind of family planning lesson at school , only a quarter had attempted to use contraception around the time they conceived .
although just over half of a sample of teenage mothers in 1979 — 80 had had some kind of family planning lesson at school , only a quarter had [tried] to use contraception around the time they conceived .

Forecasting future fertility is the most difficult task in demography , and seldom successfully attempted .
forecasting future fertility is the most difficult task in demography , and seldom successfully [tried] .

While at the height of the Bank Holiday disturbances there was what was described as a ‘ Midnight Riot ’ in the vicinity of Euston Road when a policeman attempted to deal with a disorderly woman who ‘ began to shriek , and … screamed that she was being choked ’ .
while at the height of the bank holiday disturbances there was what was described as a ‘ midnight riot ’ in the vicinity of euston road when a policeman [tried] to deal with a disorderly woman who ‘ began to shriek , and … screamed that she was being choked ’ .

They attempted to interpret it .
they [tried] to interpret it .

In Constantine 's eyes , apparently , Jesus had attempted to be precisely these things .
in constantine 's eyes , apparently , jesus had [tried] to be precisely these things .

Consequently , an alternative projection of future trends was attempted by comparing the figures obtained from those agencies who were involved in both surveys .
consequently , an alternative projection of future trends was [tried] by comparing the figures obtained from those agencies who were involved in both surveys .

He has attempted to come off on several occasions and at the time of interview was undergoing methadone withdrawal and has been heroin-free for two months .
he has [tried] to come off on several occasions and at the time of interview was undergoing methadone withdrawal and has been heroin-free for two months .

In a later case in which service had been attempted in Belgium , the Belgian Central Authority certified that service had proved impossible , the defendant not having been found at the address given .
in a later case in which service had been [tried] in belgium , the belgian central authority certified that service had proved impossible , the defendant not having been found at the address given .

In Britain there have been a number of different community dementia studies conducted in a diverse number of locations including Liverpool , Nottingham , Melton Mowbray and Newcastle , which have attempted to establish the prevalence of dementia among older people .
in britain there have been a number of different community dementia studies conducted in a diverse number of locations including liverpool , nottingham , melton mowbray and newcastle , which have [tried] to establish the prevalence of dementia among older people .

Despite these methodological problems several commentators have attempted a synthesis of the results .
despite these methodological problems several commentators have [tried] a synthesis of the results .

Consequently specially designed research projects have attempted to enumerate hospital readmission rates .
consequently specially designed research projects have [tried] to enumerate hospital readmission rates .

The same kind of escape ( or enlargement , if you look at the process in a favourable light ) is allowed for in a discussion of half a century ago in which the thesis that all novels contributed to a sense of escape from the artificial complexities of civilisation was turned to a commercial purpose . The adventure story was particularly favoured as a genre to be attempted by the aspiring writer :
the same kind of escape ( or enlargement , if you look at the process in a favourable light ) is allowed for in a discussion of half a century ago in which the thesis that all novels contributed to a sense of escape from the artificial complexities of civilisation was turned to a commercial purpose . the adventure story was particularly favoured as a genre to be [tried] by the aspiring writer :

While Diana and her mother started planning guest lists , wardrobe requirements and the other details for the wedding of the year , the media vainly attempted to discover her hiding-place .
while diana and her mother started planning guest lists , wardrobe requirements and the other details for the wedding of the year , the media vainly [tried] to discover her hiding-place .

Within the confines of the royal schedule Diana has attempted to bring up her children as normally as possible .
within the confines of the royal schedule diana has [tried] to bring up her children as normally as possible .

Rousseau ( 1755 ) , in his early accounts of the state of nature , attempted this heroic move , and he has recently been echoed from the feminist side by Shulamith Firestone in The Dialectic of Sex ( 1971 ) .
rousseau ( 1755 ) , in his early accounts of the state of nature , [tried] this heroic move , and he has recently been echoed from the feminist side by shulamith firestone in the dialectic of sex ( 1971 ) .

Too many airchair critics who call themselves journalists have attempted to label Oliver Stone a paranoid and battle-scarred Vietnam vet first and a movie-maker second .
too many airchair critics who call themselves journalists have [tried] to label oliver stone a paranoid and battle-scarred vietnam vet first and a movie-maker second .

The economic recession of the inter-war period had been intensified by the adoption of ‘ beggar my neighbour ’ policies , since many countries abandoned the rules of the gold standard and attempted to gain a competitive advantage over their trading partners by introducing tariffs and depreciating the value of their currencies .
the economic recession of the inter-war period had been intensified by the adoption of ‘ beggar my neighbour ’ policies , since many countries abandoned the rules of the gold standard and [tried] to gain a competitive advantage over their trading partners by introducing tariffs and depreciating the value of their currencies .

This book , along with all the other recent publications that have attempted to insert women into the knowledge taught within educational institutions ( e.g .
this book , along with all the other recent publications that have [tried] to insert women into the knowledge taught within educational institutions ( e.g .

Freud shared this evolutionary perspective with these early writers in sociology , and he too attempted to build on biological knowledge about man .
freud shared this evolutionary perspective with these early writers in sociology , and he too [tried] to build on biological knowledge about man .

Although Parsons attempted to integrate Freudian theory of personality development into his schemes , he did so by underestimating the importance of conflict within the individual and between the individual and his culture and society .
although parsons [tried] to integrate freudian theory of personality development into his schemes , he did so by underestimating the importance of conflict within the individual and between the individual and his culture and society .

He attempted to link his social-systems analysis to Freud 's analysis of the super-ego as the point of overlap between social , cultural and personality systems .
he [tried] to link his social-systems analysis to freud 's analysis of the super-ego as the point of overlap between social , cultural and personality systems .

It is only through education that any change is possible in this area ; it can not be done by force , and at one stroke , as was attempted in the French and Russian Revolutions .
it is only through education that any change is possible in this area ; it can not be done by force , and at one stroke , as was [tried] in the french and russian revolutions .

Lafaille first attempted the line in early March this year , but was forced back after four days by a combination of high winds and snowfall .
lafaille first [tried] the line in early march this year , but was forced back after four days by a combination of high winds and snowfall .

ii An Australian study has attempted to analyze the bodyrelated attitudes of female current , ex , and never-smokers by using a questionnaire that assesses a wide range of attitudes towards the body .
ii an australian study has [tried] to analyze the bodyrelated attitudes of female current , ex , and never-smokers by using a questionnaire that assesses a wide range of attitudes towards the body .

Splitting into two teams for the first attempt , Fowler and Jones climbed the incomplete Japanese route up the south ridge but were driven back by poor weather , while Saunders and Sustad attempted the spur .
splitting into two teams for the first attempt , fowler and jones climbed the incomplete japanese route up the south ridge but were driven back by poor weather , while saunders and sustad [tried] the spur .

Mark Piller , of Bailey Bridge Road , will appear before magistrates this morning to face a charge of attempted murder .
mark piller , of bailey bridge road , will appear before magistrates this morning to face a charge of [tried] murder .

There is no evidence that he attempted to start an armed rising against Mortimer and the king , and even after his submission Mortimer made no move to have him condemned for treason .
there is no evidence that he [tried] to start an armed rising against mortimer and the king , and even after his submission mortimer made no move to have him condemned for treason .

Between 1337 and 1353 the tax on wool formed part of a series of schemes under which the king attempted to establish a body of powerful and wealthy merchants who would be granted a monopoly in the purchase and export of wool in return for making loans to the king which would be repaid from the maltote , the export tax on wool .
between 1337 and 1353 the tax on wool formed part of a series of schemes under which the king [tried] to establish a body of powerful and wealthy merchants who would be granted a monopoly in the purchase and export of wool in return for making loans to the king which would be repaid from the maltote , the export tax on wool .

Alec Saunders , said to live in accommodation at the Cut Maple Industrial Estate , near Sible Hedingham , denies charges of attempted murder and attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm .
alec saunders , said to live in accommodation at the cut maple industrial estate , near sible hedingham , denies charges of [tried] murder and attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm .

He was acquitted of rape , attempted murder , administering poison with intent and kidnapping .
he was acquitted of rape , [tried] murder , administering poison with intent and kidnapping .

Mark Michael Kearney , formerly of Sycamore Road , Great Cornard , was appearing at Chelmsford Crown Court charged with robbery and two counts of attempted murder .
mark michael kearney , formerly of sycamore road , great cornard , was appearing at chelmsford crown court charged with robbery and two counts of [tried] murder .

Over more than six days they convicted Allitt of four murders , three attempted murders and six charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
over more than six days they convicted allitt of four murders , three [tried] murders and six charges of causing grievous bodily harm with intent .

Dean Foster , 20 , and Lee Rank , 20 , both of Hopkins Mead , Chelmsford , are charged with attempted grievous bodily harm with intent to injure two men at the pub that night .
dean foster , 20 , and lee rank , 20 , both of hopkins mead , chelmsford , are charged with [tried] grievous bodily harm with intent to injure two men at the pub that night .

fire , lightning , explosion , theft or attempted theft
fire , lightning , explosion , theft or [tried] theft

Theft or attempted theft (
theft or [tried] theft (

loss or damage caused by theft or attempted theft when the caravan or towing vehicle is left unattended without being securely locked
loss or damage caused by theft or [tried] theft when the caravan or towing vehicle is left unattended without being securely locked

loss or damage to caravan equipment including fixtures , 3 fittings , awnings , utensils , furniture and furnishings therein caused by theft or attempted theft
loss or damage to caravan equipment including fixtures , 3 fittings , awnings , utensils , furniture and furnishings therein caused by theft or [tried] theft

theft or attempted theft
theft or [tried] theft

theft or attempted theft
theft or [tried] theft

theft or attempted theft
theft or [tried] theft

damaged either during attempted theft or while the car is stolen ; or
damaged either during [tried] theft or while the car is stolen ; or

If your car is stolen or damaged as a result of theft or attempted theft you will have to pay the first £100 of the cost .
if your car is stolen or damaged as a result of theft or [tried] theft you will have to pay the first £100 of the cost .

the first part ( Excess ) as shown hereunder of any amount otherwise payable in respect of each and every occurrence of loss or damage ( other than by fire lightning explosion theft or attempted theft ) occurring while such motor car is being driven by any person who is
the first part ( excess ) as shown hereunder of any amount otherwise payable in respect of each and every occurrence of loss or damage ( other than by fire lightning explosion theft or [tried] theft ) occurring while such motor car is being driven by any person who is

The Corporation will indemnify the Policyholder or at his request such other person as may be the owner of any rug clothing or personal effect against loss of or damage thereto by fire theft or attempted theft or by accidental means while in or on any motor car described in the Schedule
the corporation will indemnify the policyholder or at his request such other person as may be the owner of any rug clothing or personal effect against loss of or damage thereto by fire theft or [tried] theft or by accidental means while in or on any motor car described in the schedule

Upon notice being given to the Corporation that the motor car described in the Schedule is to be laid up and out of use for a period of not less than four consecutive weeks ( otherwise than as a result of loss or damage covered by the Policy ) and subject to the relative International Motor Insurance Card ( Green Card ) being returned to the Corporation the Policy will be automatically suspended as from the date upon which such Card is received by the Corporation except as regards loss of or damage to such motor car by fire lightning explosion theft or attempted theft and on renewal a refund of 75 % of the pro rata premium for the suspended period will be deducted from the renewal premium .
upon notice being given to the corporation that the motor car described in the schedule is to be laid up and out of use for a period of not less than four consecutive weeks ( otherwise than as a result of loss or damage covered by the policy ) and subject to the relative international motor insurance card ( green card ) being returned to the corporation the policy will be automatically suspended as from the date upon which such card is received by the corporation except as regards loss of or damage to such motor car by fire lightning explosion theft or [tried] theft and on renewal a refund of 75 % of the pro rata premium for the suspended period will be deducted from the renewal premium .

After Paul Stearn gave a brief introduction to the day , the group split up , half attempted to ‘ mud race ’ and the others tackled the watersports .
after paul stearn gave a brief introduction to the day , the group split up , half [tried] to ‘ mud race ’ and the others tackled the watersports .

All thefts or attempted thefts must be reported to the Police .
all thefts or [tried] thefts must be reported to the police .

Loss or damage , other than by fire or explosion , caused by theft or attempted theft , vandalism or acts of malicious persons .
loss or damage , other than by fire or explosion , caused by theft or [tried] theft , vandalism or acts of malicious persons .

Theft is excluded but this policy would cover damage caused by attempted theft .
theft is excluded but this policy would cover damage caused by [tried] theft .

Theft or attempted theft — following exclusion is added :
theft or [tried] theft — following exclusion is added :

The materials also attempted to embody generally accepted features of good practice in adult training — boards were encouraged to work as teams ; the principles of learning through practice and participation were emphasised ; relevance both to members ' own previous experience and to real board tasks was highlighted ; and the material was designed to make it easily understood by all board members .
the materials also [tried] to embody generally accepted features of good practice in adult training — boards were encouraged to work as teams ; the principles of learning through practice and participation were emphasised ; relevance both to members ' own previous experience and to real board tasks was highlighted ; and the material was designed to make it easily understood by all board members .

Around the late 1940s , researchers in this area of communication theory began to develop models — graphic descriptors — which attempted to define communication and analyse its basic components .
around the late 1940s , researchers in this area of communication theory began to develop models — graphic descriptors — which [tried] to define communication and analyse its basic components .

Very many people heard about the riots in the area last year , and heard the authorities ' explanations for them , but this programme attempted to find the root causes of the problems .
very many people heard about the riots in the area last year , and heard the authorities ' explanations for them , but this programme [tried] to find the root causes of the problems .

‘ It said — , ’ Sacco took a deep breath , his eyes bulged , and he attempted the foghorn mooing that was human sound : ‘ Bbbllllooooooooddddyyyee kkiiiddddddssss ! ’ ’
‘ it said — , ’ sacco took a deep breath , his eyes bulged , and he [tried] the foghorn mooing that was human sound : ‘ bbbllllooooooooddddyyyee kkiiiddddddssss ! ’ ’

The first group had taken up position in all the key intersections so that they could control anyone who attempted to pass .
the first group had taken up position in all the key intersections so that they could control anyone who [tried] to pass .

If the primary function of repression is to prevent the return of the repressed , it clearly follows that any theory which describes that repressed material runs the risk of being confused with it and coming under attack just as the original repressed elements would do if they attempted to struggle back into consciousness .
if the primary function of repression is to prevent the return of the repressed , it clearly follows that any theory which describes that repressed material runs the risk of being confused with it and coming under attack just as the original repressed elements would do if they [tried] to struggle back into consciousness .

The history of this experiment since the Second World War is one of attempted decentralization to self-managing institutions in the context of pressures to retain centralized bureaucratic control by state agencies .
the history of this experiment since the second world war is one of [tried] decentralization to self-managing institutions in the context of pressures to retain centralized bureaucratic control by state agencies .

Kogan attempted to test the Niskanen thesis in the context of British government policy in the late 1970s to cut educational expenditure , and concluded that the administrative culture of the civil service militated against the inflation of costs .
kogan [tried] to test the niskanen thesis in the context of british government policy in the late 1970s to cut educational expenditure , and concluded that the administrative culture of the civil service militated against the inflation of costs .

These are the circumstances under which successive Nigerian governments have attempted to indigenize , in the hope of gaining control over their economic and ultimately their developmental destinies .
these are the circumstances under which successive nigerian governments have [tried] to indigenize , in the hope of gaining control over their economic and ultimately their developmental destinies .

This study attempted to follow up 93 consecutive patients whose anaemia remained obscure after these investigations to determine the outcome and assess the safety of this limited approach .
this study [tried] to follow up 93 consecutive patients whose anaemia remained obscure after these investigations to determine the outcome and assess the safety of this limited approach .

Patients with acute complications of gall bladder stones , were similarly managed by drainage to allow the acute inflammation to resolve before stone extraction was attempted .
patients with acute complications of gall bladder stones , were similarly managed by drainage to allow the acute inflammation to resolve before stone extraction was [tried] .

There has been no injury to bowel in the 113 patients in whom the procedure was attempted , although others have reported this complication .
there has been no injury to bowel in the 113 patients in whom the procedure was [tried] , although others have reported this complication .

We felt , however , that coronal imaging might give more detailed information regarding the anatomical detail of the antropyloric region and therefore attempted to image in the coronal plane using reorientation of the nuclear magnetic resonance signals by signal processing methods .
we felt , however , that coronal imaging might give more detailed information regarding the anatomical detail of the antropyloric region and therefore [tried] to image in the coronal plane using reorientation of the nuclear magnetic resonance signals by signal processing methods .

We attempted to visualise the two major physiological states of upper gastrointestinal motility .
we [tried] to visualise the two major physiological states of upper gastrointestinal motility .

So far , this has only been attempted in animals , using the technique of mucosal scraping .
so far , this has only been [tried] in animals , using the technique of mucosal scraping .

Before percutaneous fine needle aspiration cytology was attempted many groups had shown that a tissue diagnosis could be achieved in some patients with obstructive jaundice caused by malignancy by detecting neoplastic cells in duodenal aspiration .
before percutaneous fine needle aspiration cytology was [tried] many groups had shown that a tissue diagnosis could be achieved in some patients with obstructive jaundice caused by malignancy by detecting neoplastic cells in duodenal aspiration .

It created some problems , which prompted the issue of the Ordinance of Labourers of 1349 and the later statute of 1351 , which attempted to limit mobility of labour and to peg wage-rates at the 1346 level .
it created some problems , which prompted the issue of the ordinance of labourers of 1349 and the later statute of 1351 , which [tried] to limit mobility of labour and to peg wage-rates at the 1346 level .

The various risings must be seen as spontaneous popular movements , and there is no reason to believe in any central leadership which attempted to control the revolt .
the various risings must be seen as spontaneous popular movements , and there is no reason to believe in any central leadership which [tried] to control the revolt .

At Dunstable , where the rebels were townsmen , they tried to restrict freedom of trade to within the borough , whereas the rural Essex rebels had followed precisely the opposite policy , and at Yarmouth the insurgents , drawn from the neighbouring countryside attempted to overthrow the rights of the municipality ( 98 , pp.41 , 108–11 ) .
at dunstable , where the rebels were townsmen , they tried to restrict freedom of trade to within the borough , whereas the rural essex rebels had followed precisely the opposite policy , and at yarmouth the insurgents , drawn from the neighbouring countryside [tried] to overthrow the rights of the municipality ( 98 , pp.41 , 108–11 ) .

Walsingham and Knighton also attempted to blame Wyclif and the Lollards for propagating revolt , but this must be seen only as scaremongering by the established order in the Church , attempting to tar the socially conservative academic heretic with the brush of revolution .
walsingham and knighton also [tried] to blame wyclif and the lollards for propagating revolt , but this must be seen only as scaremongering by the established order in the church , attempting to tar the socially conservative academic heretic with the brush of revolution .

Some of the rebel leaders , notably Litster , may have appreciated their military weakness , because they attempted to involve members of the gentry in the revolt , and although they had little support of this nature , the very fact that they hoped to obtain it must argue against an interpretation of the revolt simply in class terms .
some of the rebel leaders , notably litster , may have appreciated their military weakness , because they [tried] to involve members of the gentry in the revolt , and although they had little support of this nature , the very fact that they hoped to obtain it must argue against an interpretation of the revolt simply in class terms .

The revolt was essentially Oldcastle 's attempted revenge for his arrest in the previous year , and the only economic motive which can be discerned among some of the rebels was a possible hope of seizing some ecclesiastical property .
the revolt was essentially oldcastle 's [tried] revenge for his arrest in the previous year , and the only economic motive which can be discerned among some of the rebels was a possible hope of seizing some ecclesiastical property .

The same themes were reechoed in the second decade of the sixteenth century , when the government again began to take an interest in restraining enclosure , and attempted , sometimes successfully , to restore land from pasture to tillage .
the same themes were reechoed in the second decade of the sixteenth century , when the government again began to take an interest in restraining enclosure , and [tried] , sometimes successfully , to restore land from pasture to tillage .

There were further measures in the 1530s ; an Act of 1533 attempted to limit the size of the flock that one man might own and to prevent the engrossing of holdings and another in 1536 authorized the King to proceed against any encloser of land converted from tillage since 1488 ( 58 , pp.104–6 , 110–11 ) .
there were further measures in the 1530s ; an act of 1533 [tried] to limit the size of the flock that one man might own and to prevent the engrossing of holdings and another in 1536 authorized the king to proceed against any encloser of land converted from tillage since 1488 ( 58 , pp.104–6 , 110–11 ) .

By contrast , open-chest compression after prolonged closed-chest compression is very rarely successful and this method should be attempted only in highly selected patients in hospital .
by contrast , open-chest compression after prolonged closed-chest compression is very rarely successful and this method should be [tried] only in highly selected patients in hospital .

The Geneva report lists the problems associated with age , cycles attempted , and eggs or embryos transferred , but makes no recommendations for standards of practice .
the geneva report lists the problems associated with age , cycles [tried] , and eggs or embryos transferred , but makes no recommendations for standards of practice .

Nothing , as both men knew , could be quite as sombre and sickening as a suicide ( or , as here , an attempted suicide ) , for it spoke not only of unbearable suffering but also of a certain misguided fortitude .
nothing , as both men knew , could be quite as sombre and sickening as a suicide ( or , as here , an [tried] suicide ) , for it spoke not only of unbearable suffering but also of a certain misguided fortitude .

The user has attempted to prepare a package for approval when the package is currently in the process of being approved .
the user has [tried] to prepare a package for approval when the package is currently in the process of being approved .

The user has attempted to grant approval to a package before the approval listings have been prepared .
the user has [tried] to grant approval to a package before the approval listings have been prepared .

The user has attempted to submit his package to himself for approval .
the user has [tried] to submit his package to himself for approval .

The user has attempted to access a module for which he has no access to .
the user has [tried] to access a module for which he has no access to .

You have attempted to both reply to a task mail message and forward it to another user .
you have [tried] to both reply to a task mail message and forward it to another user .

Any attempted departure from Silvertone , anyway , is likely to start court battles over the band .
any [tried] departure from silvertone , anyway , is likely to start court battles over the band .

To date people have attempted to fly from it , parachuted off it , abseiled down it and , sad to say , committed suicide from it .
to date people have [tried] to fly from it , parachuted off it , abseiled down it and , sad to say , committed suicide from it .

He attempted to have the case thrown out as `` frivolous and vexatious `` , but failed to have it struck off the High Court list .
he [tried] to have the case thrown out as `` frivolous and vexatious `` , but failed to have it struck off the high court list .

Most studies which have attempted to establish laws about reaction time have assumed that stages ( a ) and ( c ) are relatively short and consider that effectively all the time is taken up by central processes .
most studies which have [tried] to establish laws about reaction time have assumed that stages ( a ) and ( c ) are relatively short and consider that effectively all the time is taken up by central processes .

In 1868 , Donders attempted to measure the additional time taken by certain mental processes such as discrimination and choice .
in 1868 , donders [tried] to measure the additional time taken by certain mental processes such as discrimination and choice .

In January The Hitman attempted to improve its network cred with a broadcast from the Hacienda in Manchester The show was a flop .
in january the hitman [tried] to improve its network cred with a broadcast from the hacienda in manchester the show was a flop .

Some of the topics we attempted to touch on were : The differences between conceptualisations of feminism in the ’ West ’ and ’ Third World ’ historically and currently , while understanding that in the ’ West ’ and the ’ Third World ’ there is a diversity of women and ideological positions .
some of the topics we [tried] to touch on were : the differences between conceptualisations of feminism in the ’ west ’ and ’ third world ’ historically and currently , while understanding that in the ’ west ’ and the ’ third world ’ there is a diversity of women and ideological positions .

The people who will suffer most will be those who have been hit so hard already by the attempted dismantling of the welfare state .
the people who will suffer most will be those who have been hit so hard already by the [tried] dismantling of the welfare state .

The bullet in the groin at the end of Lipstick may be cathartic , and we may take a certain ghoulish delight in watching Farrah Fawcett in Extremities debate whether to bury alive in the garden the attempted rapist she has tied up in her house .
the bullet in the groin at the end of lipstick may be cathartic , and we may take a certain ghoulish delight in watching farrah fawcett in extremities debate whether to bury alive in the garden the [tried] rapist she has tied up in her house .

For example , if during the separation period you have attempted a reconciliation for five months then you must wait
for example , if during the separation period you have [tried] a reconciliation for five months then you must wait

Its publication coincides with a film being shown in Jakarta and other cities that depicts a larger-than-life Suharto fighting the Dutch in the war of independence , his crushing of the 1965 attempted communist coup , and other exciting matters .
its publication coincides with a film being shown in jakarta and other cities that depicts a larger-than-life suharto fighting the dutch in the war of independence , his crushing of the 1965 [tried] communist coup , and other exciting matters .

For years plant breeders have attempted , with varying degrees of success , to breed such characteristics into new crop varieties , eg , mildew resistance in cereals .
for years plant breeders have [tried] , with varying degrees of success , to breed such characteristics into new crop varieties , eg , mildew resistance in cereals .

Whilst the Bensonhurst sentences closed a chapter in one of New York City 's most notorious racial crimes , a second was opened on June 13 with the start of the trial of three black youths , aged 15 and 16 , who were accused of attempted murder , and of rape and sodomy arising from an attack upon a 29-year-old white female banker who was jogging in Central Park .
whilst the bensonhurst sentences closed a chapter in one of new york city 's most notorious racial crimes , a second was opened on june 13 with the start of the trial of three black youths , aged 15 and 16 , who were accused of [tried] murder , and of rape and sodomy arising from an attack upon a 29-year-old white female banker who was jogging in central park .

One round of voting on June 27 was annulled as fraudulent after a number of deputies attempted to vote more than once using voting cards entrusted to them by absent colleagues .
one round of voting on june 27 was annulled as fraudulent after a number of deputies [tried] to vote more than once using voting cards entrusted to them by absent colleagues .

The attempted coup of December 1989 against President Corazon Aquino [ see pp .
the [tried] coup of december 1989 against president corazon aquino [ see pp .

In the worst rioting of Bongo 's 23-year rule , angry protesters demanding Bongo 's resignation attempted to storm the presidential residence , setting fire to buildings in the capital .
in the worst rioting of bongo 's 23-year rule , angry protesters demanding bongo 's resignation [tried] to storm the presidential residence , setting fire to buildings in the capital .

Hau attempted to allay concerns about his authoritarian reputation by appointing a civilian Defence Minister and two independent politicians to the new Executive Yuan ( Cabinet ) which he announced on May 30 .
hau [tried] to allay concerns about his authoritarian reputation by appointing a civilian defence minister and two independent politicians to the new executive yuan ( cabinet ) which he announced on may 30 .

An economic embargo had been established in late March , and in early May the government had attempted to increase the pressure by declaring a 50-mile `` exclusion zone `` around the island , from which all ships and aircraft would be prohibited .
an economic embargo had been established in late march , and in early may the government had [tried] to increase the pressure by declaring a 50-mile `` exclusion zone `` around the island , from which all ships and aircraft would be prohibited .

During Yeltsin 's campaign for the presidency Gorbachev had at times quite blatantly attempted to thwart him .
during yeltsin 's campaign for the presidency gorbachev had at times quite blatantly [tried] to thwart him .

Around 2,000 of the strikers attempted to march on the Supreme Soviet , but were held back by police in Riga 's Cathedral Square .
around 2,000 of the strikers [tried] to march on the supreme soviet , but were held back by police in riga 's cathedral square .

Official reports said that a 15-strong Armenian gang had attempted to ambush the 11 soldiers , who were waiting to escort a train from Yerevan to Kafan ( in southern Armenia ) through the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhichevan .
official reports said that a 15-strong armenian gang had [tried] to ambush the 11 soldiers , who were waiting to escort a train from yerevan to kafan ( in southern armenia ) through the azerbaijani exclave of nakhichevan .

Dissident middle-ranking Army officers apparently led by a Maj. Gideon Okar of the 2nd Mechanized Ibadan Division attempted to depose President Ibrahim Babangida in the early hours of April 22 .
dissident middle-ranking army officers apparently led by a maj. gideon okar of the 2nd mechanized ibadan division [tried] to depose president ibrahim babangida in the early hours of april 22 .

Alleged attempted coup — Cabinet reshuffle — Unity agreements with Libya
alleged [tried] coup — cabinet reshuffle — unity agreements with libya

He said that the woman , who had been diagnosed as a schizophrenic in 1986 after an attempted arson attack , would probably not be fit to stand trial because of her mental condition .
he said that the woman , who had been diagnosed as a schizophrenic in 1986 after an [tried] arson attack , would probably not be fit to stand trial because of her mental condition .

Hussein denied that Iraq had attempted to import nuclear triggers , and claimed that the capacitors seized in London were cheap , standard devices with a multitude of uses . ``
hussein denied that iraq had [tried] to import nuclear triggers , and claimed that the capacitors seized in london were cheap , standard devices with a multitude of uses . ``

On Oct. 18 the Senate judiciary committee reported without recommendation a bill reinstating the death penalty for more than 20 federal crimes including espionage , the attempted assassination of a President , and the murder of federal officials .
on oct. 18 the senate judiciary committee reported without recommendation a bill reinstating the death penalty for more than 20 federal crimes including espionage , the [tried] assassination of a president , and the murder of federal officials .

The talks were arranged at Frelimo 's request by the Italian government and the Vatican , apparently without the knowledge of Presidents Daniel arap Moi of Kenya and Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe , who had attempted to mediate in the conflict .
the talks were arranged at frelimo 's request by the italian government and the vatican , apparently without the knowledge of presidents daniel arap moi of kenya and robert mugabe of zimbabwe , who had [tried] to mediate in the conflict .

Attempted coup by Moslem militants
[tried] coup by moslem militants

Some demonstrators attempted to cross the border , prompting the Iranian authorities to issue a protest to the Soviet Union .
some demonstrators [tried] to cross the border , prompting the iranian authorities to issue a protest to the soviet union .

Outside the building there were skirmishes among several thousand protesters when a minority attempted to protect the East German flag , which was hauled down by other demonstrators and replaced with the hammer and compass emblem cut out .
outside the building there were skirmishes among several thousand protesters when a minority [tried] to protect the east german flag , which was hauled down by other demonstrators and replaced with the hammer and compass emblem cut out .

Babangida , who declared that appointments were made solely on merit , had attempted to reduce ethnic and religious divisions among Nigerians in what was constitutionally a secular state .
babangida , who declared that appointments were made solely on merit , had [tried] to reduce ethnic and religious divisions among nigerians in what was constitutionally a secular state .

He frequently attempted to deflect criticism of his administration and personal life by characterizing such allegations as the product of white racism .
he frequently [tried] to deflect criticism of his administration and personal life by characterizing such allegations as the product of white racism .

Attempted assassination of mayor of Nagasaki
[tried] assassination of mayor of nagasaki

On Jan. 13 three men were shot dead by two soldiers in plain clothes as they attempted to rob a betting shop in Falls Road , west Belfast .
on jan. 13 three men were shot dead by two soldiers in plain clothes as they [tried] to rob a betting shop in falls road , west belfast .

Faisal al-Husseini , the director of the East Jerusalem Institute of Arab Studies and one of the chief co-ordinators of the intifada , was arrested in East Jerusalem on Jan. 19 for questioning about his alleged involvement in the attempted formation of a Palestinian " popular army " unit .
faisal al-husseini , the director of the east jerusalem institute of arab studies and one of the chief co-ordinators of the intifada , was arrested in east jerusalem on jan. 19 for questioning about his alleged involvement in the [tried] formation of a palestinian " popular army " unit .

According to Egyptian sources an attempted coup takes place in Baghdad .
according to egyptian sources an [tried] coup takes place in baghdad .

Although acquitted of attempted murder and sodomy , Raymond Santana , 15 , Yusef Salaam , 16 , and Antron McCray , 16 , were also convicted on charges of riot , robbery and assault arising from attacks upon other people in the park on the same night .
although acquitted of [tried] murder and sodomy , raymond santana , 15 , yusef salaam , 16 , and antron mccray , 16 , were also convicted on charges of riot , robbery and assault arising from attacks upon other people in the park on the same night .

Many of the protesters , together with much of the black press , attempted to publicise the jogger 's name and to vilify her character , claiming variously that she had never been attacked , that she had been raped by her white boyfriend , or that she had gone to the park in search of sexual adventure .
many of the protesters , together with much of the black press , [tried] to publicise the jogger 's name and to vilify her character , claiming variously that she had never been attacked , that she had been raped by her white boyfriend , or that she had gone to the park in search of sexual adventure .

With the border opening looking increasingly doubtful in the week preceding Aug. 13 , members of several South Korean dissident groups attempted to make their own way to Panmunjom but were turned back at police roadblocks .
with the border opening looking increasingly doubtful in the week preceding aug. 13 , members of several south korean dissident groups [tried] to make their own way to panmunjom but were turned back at police roadblocks .

However , on Aug. 16 the Swedish Supreme Court ruled that Mikhail Mokretsov , 19 , who had hijacked an airliner to Stockholm on July 5 , should stand trial in Sweden ( he had attempted suicide while in custody , and had been pronounced mentally unfit to face extradition ) .
however , on aug. 16 the swedish supreme court ruled that mikhail mokretsov , 19 , who had hijacked an airliner to stockholm on july 5 , should stand trial in sweden ( he had [tried] suicide while in custody , and had been pronounced mentally unfit to face extradition ) .

Following its poor showing in the December 1989 elections [ see p. 37122 ] the ruling Kuomintang attempted to confront the causes of its loss of support .
following its poor showing in the december 1989 elections [ see p. 37122 ] the ruling kuomintang [tried] to confront the causes of its loss of support .

Hsu had twice previously attempted to return to Taiwan but had been quietly turned away by officials nervous of the publicity a trial would attract .
hsu had twice previously [tried] to return to taiwan but had been quietly turned away by officials nervous of the publicity a trial would attract .

He went on trial on Jan. 30 , 1990 , charged with the murder of six crew members of the cargo ship Lucona when it blew up off the Maldives in January 1977 , the attempted murder of six other crew members who survived , and attempted fraud .
he went on trial on jan. 30 , 1990 , charged with the murder of six crew members of the cargo ship lucona when it blew up off the maldives in january 1977 , the [tried] murder of six other crew members who survived , and [tried] fraud .

According to reports reaching opposition groups in Cairo , an attempted military coup staged by a group of non-commissioned officers to overthrow the miliary regime of Gen. Omar Hassan Ahmad al Bashir was crushed on Sept. 12 .
according to reports reaching opposition groups in cairo , an [tried] military coup staged by a group of non-commissioned officers to overthrow the miliary regime of gen. omar hassan ahmad al bashir was crushed on sept. 12 .

While wanting to appoint a justice who reflected his own — predominantly conservative — views upon such issues , Bush was keen to avoid the repetition of the Senate 's 1987 rejection of Judge Robert Bork , an outspoken conservative ideologue , whom President Ronald Reagan had unsuccessfully attempted to appoint to the court [ see p. 35701 ] .
while wanting to appoint a justice who reflected his own — predominantly conservative — views upon such issues , bush was keen to avoid the repetition of the senate 's 1987 rejection of judge robert bork , an outspoken conservative ideologue , whom president ronald reagan had unsuccessfully [tried] to appoint to the court [ see p. 35701 ] .

The siege ended in fist fights on Sept. 26 , when 50 Indians , surrounded by Quebec police and Army units , attempted to escape .
the siege ended in fist fights on sept. 26 , when 50 indians , surrounded by quebec police and army units , [tried] to escape .

It was announced on Sept. 13 that the Assembly had proclaimed a `` Constitution of the Republic of Kosovo `` ( it had attempted to declare Kosovo a full republic within Yugoslavia at the beginning of July , immediately after its dissolution — ibid . )
it was announced on sept. 13 that the assembly had proclaimed a `` constitution of the republic of kosovo `` ( it had [tried] to declare kosovo a full republic within yugoslavia at the beginning of july , immediately after its dissolution — ibid . )

Besides Djohar and Taki , the six other candidates were : ( i ) Prince Said Ali Kemal , a former ambassador , the grandson of the last Sultan of the islands and founder of the Chuma ( Islands ' Friendship and Unity ) Party ; ( ii ) Mohamed Ali Mroudjae , a former Prime Minister , of the Parti comorien pour la démocratie et le progrès ; ( iii ) Mohammed Hassan Ali , a former Vice-President , now leader of the Moheli National Front ; ( iv ) Abbas Djoussouf , representing the Mouvement démocratique populaire ; ( v ) Mohammed Ali Mbalya of the Parti socialiste des Comores ; and ( vi ) Moustapha Said Cheikh , a Marxist standing for the Front démocratique , who had been sentenced to life imprisonment for his part in an attempted coup in 1985 , but who had been released from prison following Abdallah 's death .
besides djohar and taki , the six other candidates were : ( i ) prince said ali kemal , a former ambassador , the grandson of the last sultan of the islands and founder of the chuma ( islands ' friendship and unity ) party ; ( ii ) mohamed ali mroudjae , a former prime minister , of the parti comorien pour la démocratie et le progrès ; ( iii ) mohammed hassan ali , a former vice-president , now leader of the moheli national front ; ( iv ) abbas djoussouf , representing the mouvement démocratique populaire ; ( v ) mohammed ali mbalya of the parti socialiste des comores ; and ( vi ) moustapha said cheikh , a marxist standing for the front démocratique , who had been sentenced to life imprisonment for his part in an [tried] coup in 1985 , but who had been released from prison following abdallah 's death .

Attempted coup
[tried] coup

On March 15 the Commissioner of the Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary and Controller of the State of Emergency in the country 's North Solomons Province , Paul Tohian , was dismissed by the government following an attempted coup the previous night .
on march 15 the commissioner of the royal papua new guinea constabulary and controller of the state of emergency in the country 's north solomons province , paul tohian , was dismissed by the government following an [tried] coup the previous night .

Nationalists organized in `` Citizens ' Committees `` attempted to pre-empt the Estonian Supreme Soviet elections by holding at the end of February and in early March privately organized elections to a rival `` Congress of Estonia `` , intended as a revival of the parliament of the independent pre-war republic .
nationalists organized in `` citizens ' committees `` [tried] to pre-empt the estonian supreme soviet elections by holding at the end of february and in early march privately organized elections to a rival `` congress of estonia `` , intended as a revival of the parliament of the independent pre-war republic .

Violent confrontations had taken place in Satu Mare on March 15 when Hungarians had attempted to celebrate Hungarian National Day , and in Tirgu Mures on March 16 when a Hungarian-owned pharmacy had allegedly refused to serve Romanians .
violent confrontations had taken place in satu mare on march 15 when hungarians had [tried] to celebrate hungarian national day , and in tirgu mures on march 16 when a hungarian-owned pharmacy had allegedly refused to serve romanians .

Attempted arrest of Central Bank Governor
[tried] arrest of central bank governor

The government of President Hrawi faced a political crisis following the attempted arrest on March 15 of the governor of the ( West Beirut-based ) Central Bank ( Banque du Liban ) , Edmond Naim , by security forces acting on the orders of the Minister of the Interior , Ilyas al Khazin .
the government of president hrawi faced a political crisis following the [tried] arrest on march 15 of the governor of the ( west beirut-based ) central bank ( banque du liban ) , edmond naim , by security forces acting on the orders of the minister of the interior , ilyas al khazin .

The last contingent of 160 officers and men of the Parachute Battalion of the Indian Army left the Maldives on Nov. 3 , 1989 , a year after a detachment totalling 1,200 men of the same unit had intervened at the request of the Maldivian President , Abdul Gayoom , to put down an attempted coup [ see p. 36350 ] .
the last contingent of 160 officers and men of the parachute battalion of the indian army left the maldives on nov. 3 , 1989 , a year after a detachment totalling 1,200 men of the same unit had intervened at the request of the maldivian president , abdul gayoom , to put down an [tried] coup [ see p. 36350 ] .

Following unusual activity in the vicinity of one of Guatemala City 's main garrisons on Sept. 28 , 1989 , the Army denied that another coup had been attempted .
following unusual activity in the vicinity of one of guatemala city 's main garrisons on sept. 28 , 1989 , the army denied that another coup had been [tried] .

Toxic waste shipments and disposal in industrialized countries — Attempted dumping of waste into North Sea
toxic waste shipments and disposal in industrialized countries — [tried] dumping of waste into north sea

Many `` awkward `` classes become much less so if some exploration in depth is attempted of the kind of points discussed in this chapter .
many `` awkward `` classes become much less so if some exploration in depth is [tried] of the kind of points discussed in this chapter .

The sensitivity needed in this area calls for an emphasis on certain points before the more controversial ones are attempted .
the sensitivity needed in this area calls for an emphasis on certain points before the more controversial ones are [tried] .

Something of this should be attempted with all children , including those who are quite young , using appropriate examples and language .
something of this should be [tried] with all children , including those who are quite young , using appropriate examples and language .

James met with similar intransigence when he attempted to use his dispensing power to break the Anglican monopoly over education .
james met with similar intransigence when he [tried] to use his dispensing power to break the anglican monopoly over education .

James 's attempted flight , however , effectively destroyed any hope that a settlement might be reached which would enable James to preserve his throne .
james 's [tried] flight , however , effectively destroyed any hope that a settlement might be reached which would enable james to preserve his throne .

In his tract justifying the activities of the Commons in the Parliament of 1701 , when the Tories had made a number of attacks on the policies of the Court Whigs , culminating in the attempted impeachment of some of the Junto Lords , the High Anglican Tory , James Drake , found it plausible in one place to quote Algernon Sidney in support of his argument about the rights of the lower House ; the tract as a whole , however , makes it clear that Drake can in no way be considered a convert to Sidney 's particular brand of radical Whiggery .
in his tract justifying the activities of the commons in the parliament of 1701 , when the tories had made a number of attacks on the policies of the court whigs , culminating in the [tried] impeachment of some of the junto lords , the high anglican tory , james drake , found it plausible in one place to quote algernon sidney in support of his argument about the rights of the lower house ; the tract as a whole , however , makes it clear that drake can in no way be considered a convert to sidney 's particular brand of radical whiggery .

In April 1707 , when the Whig mayor and his officers attempted to levy a toll at the cornmarket after the Tories had already done so , they were set upon by an angry crowd egged on by the Tory mayor .
in april 1707 , when the whig mayor and his officers [tried] to levy a toll at the cornmarket after the tories had already done so , they were set upon by an angry crowd egged on by the tory mayor .

For the afternoon service at St John 's , it was Franklin who arrived late and found the door of the church locked , but he forced an entry , and in a rather childish fracas , `` put his legs between [ Eyles `` s ] legs , lifted him up `` , and attempted to throw him into the next seat .
for the afternoon service at st john 's , it was franklin who arrived late and found the door of the church locked , but he forced an entry , and in a rather childish fracas , `` put his legs between [ eyles `` s ] legs , lifted him up `` , and [tried] to throw him into the next seat .

In a tract of 1695 , Ferguson complained that William had `` departed from our known Laws … utterly Impoverished us `` , and had attempted to bribe `` so many Members of both Houses to sell their Country `` that it amounted to `` a direct subversion of the Constitution `` .
in a tract of 1695 , ferguson complained that william had `` departed from our known laws … utterly impoverished us `` , and had [tried] to bribe `` so many members of both houses to sell their country `` that it amounted to `` a direct subversion of the constitution `` .

In the first place the Americans had to accept Britain 's inability to persist with the experiment in sterling convertibility in the summer of 1947 — this was attempted in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement .
in the first place the americans had to accept britain 's inability to persist with the experiment in sterling convertibility in the summer of 1947 — this was [tried] in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement .

She attempted to convert her husband to catholic Christianity , but failed .
she [tried] to convert her husband to catholic christianity , but failed .

As in the past , governments also attempted , with varying degrees of success , to obtain information by opening and reading the correspondence of foreign diplomats .
as in the past , governments also [tried] , with varying degrees of success , to obtain information by opening and reading the correspondence of foreign diplomats .

In the 1680s , when Colbert de Croissy was preaching honourable behaviour to his son , the theft or attempted theft of despatches was still a commonplace of diplomacy .
in the 1680s , when colbert de croissy was preaching honourable behaviour to his son , the theft or [tried] theft of despatches was still a commonplace of diplomacy .

In 1666 the Portuguese minister-resident in the Dutch republic had his household goods seized for debt ; and when , two years later , he attempted to leave for Portugal his creditors secured a court order for his arrest .
in 1666 the portuguese minister-resident in the dutch republic had his household goods seized for debt ; and when , two years later , he [tried] to leave for portugal his creditors secured a court order for his arrest .

The emerging Turkish foreign ministry , a case in point , had about 200 salaried officials working in it in the early 1870s , at the end of the Tanzimat period of attempted administrative and legal reform .
the emerging turkish foreign ministry , a case in point , had about 200 salaried officials working in it in the early 1870s , at the end of the tanzimat period of [tried] administrative and legal reform .

On the other side of the Atlantic the consul in New Orleans even attempted in 1907 , with some success , to secure government finance for the teaching of French in Louisiana .
on the other side of the atlantic the consul in new orleans even [tried] in 1907 , with some success , to secure government finance for the teaching of french in louisiana .

This had been first attempted in the early years of the nineteenth century .
this had been first [tried] in the early years of the nineteenth century .

Details of any previous attempted sales and any approaches received from potential purchasers
details of any previous [tried] sales and any approaches received from potential purchasers

Even the Director 's attempted intervention on his behalf , citing his past record of success , had on this occasion been over-ruled .
even the director 's [tried] intervention on his behalf , citing his past record of success , had on this occasion been over-ruled .

On the boat was an old couple and approaching the bridge he got off and left his wife in charge of the boat , He also attempted to open the bridge the wrong way and once again the boat hit the bridge and knocked it off its hinges .
on the boat was an old couple and approaching the bridge he got off and left his wife in charge of the boat , he also [tried] to open the bridge the wrong way and once again the boat hit the bridge and knocked it off its hinges .

how it attempted to translate the 1944 White Paper on Employment Policy , which committed it to pursue ‘ a high and stable level of employment ’ , into action ;
how it [tried] to translate the 1944 white paper on employment policy , which committed it to pursue ‘ a high and stable level of employment ’ , into action ;

Such general reviews as have been attempted have not considered all the evidence available .
such general reviews as have been [tried] have not considered all the evidence available .

Among the alternatives attempted were profit-sharing schemes , co-partnership projects , premium-bonus and other related incentive systems , broadly based scientific management , and worker co-operation .
among the alternatives [tried] were profit-sharing schemes , co-partnership projects , premium-bonus and other related incentive systems , broadly based scientific management , and worker co-operation .

The analysis attempted to link the introduction of change , and the methods used , to measures of perceived economic performance .
the analysis [tried] to link the introduction of change , and the methods used , to measures of perceived economic performance .

Later a series of more detailed studies are to examine the way in which particular sectors of industry have been affected by , and in turn have attempted to influence the regulatory framework .
later a series of more detailed studies are to examine the way in which particular sectors of industry have been affected by , and in turn have [tried] to influence the regulatory framework .

The aim of the research is to study the way the government has attempted to combine the various objectives , which , despite much talk in the past , have never been seriously linked , as planning had more or less disappeared over the period 1970-81 .
the aim of the research is to study the way the government has [tried] to combine the various objectives , which , despite much talk in the past , have never been seriously linked , as planning had more or less disappeared over the period 1970-81 .

The planning system has been in existence in roughly its present form since 1947 but no one has before attempted to measure how much the system costs .
the planning system has been in existence in roughly its present form since 1947 but no one has before [tried] to measure how much the system costs .

This research will focus on the process of professionalisation among lay practitioners in Britain , examining the ways in which they have organised themselves into associations , attempted to increase their security and status , defined and enforced standards of conduct and training , and ( in some cases ) sought recognition by the state .
this research will focus on the process of professionalisation among lay practitioners in britain , examining the ways in which they have organised themselves into associations , [tried] to increase their security and status , defined and enforced standards of conduct and training , and ( in some cases ) sought recognition by the state .

How and why has the state attempted to restructure that model ?
how and why has the state [tried] to restructure that model ?

‘ They deserved the jeers which accompanied this attempted murder of football .
‘ they deserved the jeers which accompanied this [tried] murder of football .

Robert Hill ( 26 ) , of Malvern Close , was charged with the attempted murder of two men on May 17 and possession of a rifle on the same date .
robert hill ( 26 ) , of malvern close , was charged with the [tried] murder of two men on may 17 and possession of a rifle on the same date .

He was further charged with the attempted murder of a man on May 7 .
he was further charged with the [tried] murder of a man on may 7 .

Several scholars have attempted periodically to collect such information for their own research concerns , but currently there is no comprehensive , consistent and computerised data base available to the whole research community .
several scholars have [tried] periodically to collect such information for their own research concerns , but currently there is no comprehensive , consistent and computerised data base available to the whole research community .

No previous history of policy so based has , or probably could have been , attempted .
no previous history of policy so based has , or probably could have been , [tried] .

We may even have earnestly studied and attempted to evaluate the varying utterance from the sublime to the ridiculous which emanates from a number of sources for our education .
we may even have earnestly studied and [tried] to evaluate the varying utterance from the sublime to the ridiculous which emanates from a number of sources for our education .

Unemployed Mark Tate from Tavanagh Street was alleged to have used a hammer in the attempted robbery .
unemployed mark tate from tavanagh street was alleged to have used a hammer in the [tried] robbery .

One minute before the break Dundee had a great chance to equalise when Dodds broke through , but Maxwell got a hand to the attempted lob .
one minute before the break dundee had a great chance to equalise when dodds broke through , but maxwell got a hand to the [tried] lob .

But the inquest was told that lifts at Hamilton Hall had a history of breakdowns and students often attempted ‘ self-rescues ’ .
but the inquest was told that lifts at hamilton hall had a history of breakdowns and students often [tried] ‘ self-rescues ’ .

He is also charged with two other soldiers , Stephen Boustead ( 28 ) and Barry Aindow ( 23 ) , with the attempted murder of Martin Peake .
he is also charged with two other soldiers , stephen boustead ( 28 ) and barry aindow ( 23 ) , with the [tried] murder of martin peake .

Denis Kinsella ( 26 ) who lives in the Nottingham area and Pairic MacFhloinn ( 39 ) who is from Eire , are jointly charged with the attempted murder of 25-year-old Pc Mark Toker and with kidnapping .
denis kinsella ( 26 ) who lives in the nottingham area and pairic macfhloinn ( 39 ) who is from eire , are jointly charged with the [tried] murder of 25-year-old pc mark toker and with kidnapping .

One part-time farmer was killed when struck by a falling tree during a storm while a forestry worker died after a section of a felled tree trunk apparently rolled over as he attempted to handle it .
one part-time farmer was killed when struck by a falling tree during a storm while a forestry worker died after a section of a felled tree trunk apparently rolled over as he [tried] to handle it .

Declan Moore ( 28 ) , of Rathkeele Way , Richard Harkin ( 34 ) , of Stephen 's Court and William McGahey ( 35 ) , of Rathlin Drive , have pleaded not guilty to three counts of attempted murder , planting a bomb and possession of explosives with intent on February 24 , 1991 .
declan moore ( 28 ) , of rathkeele way , richard harkin ( 34 ) , of stephen 's court and william mcgahey ( 35 ) , of rathlin drive , have pleaded not guilty to three counts of [tried] murder , planting a bomb and possession of explosives with intent on february 24 , 1991 .

Parrott won the third frame comfortably , though , and recovered to 2–2 when his attempted pot on a red in the fourth struck the jaws of a top pocket , rebounded into the pack and knocked a red into the opposite middle pocket .
parrott won the third frame comfortably , though , and recovered to 2–2 when his [tried] pot on a red in the fourth struck the jaws of a top pocket , rebounded into the pack and knocked a red into the opposite middle pocket .

Aindow is accused of the attempted murder of Martin Peake and of attempting to pervert the course of justice and obstructing the investigating police .
aindow is accused of the [tried] murder of martin peake and of attempting to pervert the course of justice and obstructing the investigating police .

Bishop Walsh said : ‘ This has been a week of horror , a week of terror , a week in which we have seen a terrifying escalation of violence , a vicious onslaught of murders , attempted murders and attacks on homes .
bishop walsh said : ‘ this has been a week of horror , a week of terror , a week in which we have seen a terrifying escalation of violence , a vicious onslaught of murders , [tried] murders and attacks on homes .

Obviously they thought that by letting this sort of thing out they would have an excuse for putting him away if he ever attempted to call their bluff , `` Ha ! ``
obviously they thought that by letting this sort of thing out they would have an excuse for putting him away if he ever [tried] to call their bluff , `` ha ! ``

The type of computer system used is very much a secondary consideration , and will depend upon such considerations as : enterprise size/number of employees number of physical locations range of personnel applications to be attempted whether enterprise is growing , contracting , static supply of computer professionals available budget available What is certain is that the personnel function needs a shared information system .
the type of computer system used is very much a secondary consideration , and will depend upon such considerations as : enterprise size/number of employees number of physical locations range of personnel applications to be [tried] whether enterprise is growing , contracting , static supply of computer professionals available budget available what is certain is that the personnel function needs a shared information system .

As he walked on the sand , the Commander attempted to reassure himself .
as he walked on the sand , the commander [tried] to reassure himself .

He attempted to smile back at him , but found it difficult .
he [tried] to smile back at him , but found it difficult .

He had attempted to obtain more whisky , but was informed that the bar was now closed until five-thirty .
he had [tried] to obtain more whisky , but was informed that the bar was now closed until five-thirty .

She attempted to be brisk , but could not .
she [tried] to be brisk , but could not .

They had attempted to visualize his world , as they had so often visualized each other 's boarding-schools .
they had [tried] to visualize his world , as they had so often visualized each other 's boarding-schools .

It would have mattered once , she 'd once have attempted to prevent him : for his own sake , she would have said .
it would have mattered once , she 'd once have [tried] to prevent him : for his own sake , she would have said .

Possessed by devils put him in mind of a case in the north of England : a man had become worse than ever apparently after clergymen of two denominations had attempted an exorcism ceremony .
possessed by devils put him in mind of a case in the north of england : a man had become worse than ever apparently after clergymen of two denominations had [tried] an exorcism ceremony .

His companion , who 'd attempted to interrupt before , successfully did so now : it was no use trying to have a conversation with him because his deaf-aid had fallen to pieces .
his companion , who 'd [tried] to interrupt before , successfully did so now : it was no use trying to have a conversation with him because his deaf-aid had fallen to pieces .

Leaning forward , still shivering , wanting to be sick yet unable to raise anything from her empty stomach but an acrid bile which made her retch again , she attempted to find a chink somewhere in the blank wall , growing granite upon unyielding granite , around her .
leaning forward , still shivering , wanting to be sick yet unable to raise anything from her empty stomach but an acrid bile which made her retch again , she [tried] to find a chink somewhere in the blank wall , growing granite upon unyielding granite , around her .

`` Nonsense , `` the doctor had muttered gruffly when she had attempted to explain her fears to him . ``
`` nonsense , `` the doctor had muttered gruffly when she had [tried] to explain her fears to him . ``

These defences seldom attempted to enclose the total area of occupation , partly because of its pre-existing shape and extent , and partly because the defences were designed to perform a variety of different functions , many of which fell in the official sphere .
these defences seldom [tried] to enclose the total area of occupation , partly because of its pre-existing shape and extent , and partly because the defences were designed to perform a variety of different functions , many of which fell in the official sphere .

Widgery , meanwhile , attempted to get to grips with the Greek Street gang .
widgery , meanwhile , [tried] to get to grips with the greek street gang .

Now he is trying to recapture his old swing having attempted a Faldo-type swing refit which has n't worked .
now he is trying to recapture his old swing having [tried] a faldo-type swing refit which has n't worked .

Her family attempted to fix up a marriage with the US-settled tennis star from India , Ashok Amritraj .
her family [tried] to fix up a marriage with the us-settled tennis star from india , ashok amritraj .

All the same John insisted on coming with her as far as the ticket barrier , and stood holding her hand while she attempted to say good-bye .
all the same john insisted on coming with her as far as the ticket barrier , and stood holding her hand while she [tried] to say good-bye .

She shook her head , afraid that if she attempted to speak she 'd start to laugh .
she shook her head , afraid that if she [tried] to speak she 'd start to laugh .

She attempted to restore some order to her tousled hair with her fingers , then stroked on a little blusher to counteract at least a little of her pallor ; but there was little she could do to repair the ravages of the night , and finally she turned away with a heavy sigh .
she [tried] to restore some order to her tousled hair with her fingers , then stroked on a little blusher to counteract at least a little of her pallor ; but there was little she could do to repair the ravages of the night , and finally she turned away with a heavy sigh .

She knew , of course , had known from the cradle , that the Church as a worldly institution attempted too much and was , for just that reason , the more spectacular in its shortcomings ; was , in fact , absurd .
she knew , of course , had known from the cradle , that the church as a worldly institution [tried] too much and was , for just that reason , the more spectacular in its shortcomings ; was , in fact , absurd .

The skull bones should be separated before reconstruction is attempted .
the skull bones should be separated before reconstruction is [tried] .

Finally , both during and after the reconstruction of cranial remains , correct orientation of the pieces should be attempted .
finally , both during and after the reconstruction of cranial remains , correct orientation of the pieces should be [tried] .

The nurse attempted to help .
the nurse [tried] to help .

They were sighted in China , where those who attempted to eat them reported them to be tasteless or unpleasant .
they were sighted in china , where those who [tried] to eat them reported them to be tasteless or unpleasant .

Others have attempted a little more precision but floundered just the same . The Information Workstation Group 's study called ‘ Micro Multimedia ’ , published in 1990 , suggested :
others have [tried] a little more precision but floundered just the same . the information workstation group 's study called ‘ micro multimedia ’ , published in 1990 , suggested :

Interactivity was attempted through paper-based , programmed learning texts .
interactivity was [tried] through paper-based , programmed learning texts .

In an attempt to gain a deeper understanding on a molecular level , Rouse , Zimm , Bueche , and others have attempted to formulate a theory of polymer viscoelasticity based on a chain model consisting of a series of sub-units .
in an attempt to gain a deeper understanding on a molecular level , rouse , zimm , bueche , and others have [tried] to formulate a theory of polymer viscoelasticity based on a chain model consisting of a series of sub-units .

Somehow he had survived the attempted assassinations , the palace revolutions of his childhood , and was beginning to gather about him men who were willing to gamble their fortune with his , as well as others who were still not committed , and yet others who might , before he grew any stronger , take any chance that presented itself to push their own claims .
somehow he had survived the [tried] assassinations , the palace revolutions of his childhood , and was beginning to gather about him men who were willing to gamble their fortune with his , as well as others who were still not committed , and yet others who might , before he grew any stronger , take any chance that presented itself to push their own claims .

In 1979 Vaclav Havel was jailed for four years on charges of ‘ attempted subversion of the republic ’ .
in 1979 vaclav havel was jailed for four years on charges of ‘ [tried] subversion of the republic ’ .

The menagerie of the Zoological Society provided the perfect opportunity to observe subjects alive and vigorously kicking , and the tiny woodcuts of the Society 's guidebook vibrate with squawking , flapping , screeching birds drawn as never before attempted in a British work of its kind .
the menagerie of the zoological society provided the perfect opportunity to observe subjects alive and vigorously kicking , and the tiny woodcuts of the society 's guidebook vibrate with squawking , flapping , screeching birds drawn as never before [tried] in a british work of its kind .

The Imam was also reported to have encountered disagreement from other ayatollahs — from Taleghani and Shariat-Madari ( both of whom have since died ) , the latter being accused of involvement in an attempted coup .
the imam was also reported to have encountered disagreement from other ayatollahs — from taleghani and shariat-madari ( both of whom have since died ) , the latter being accused of involvement in an [tried] coup .

As the war proceeded , Iraq attempted to do the same to Iran 's terminals and bring Iranian exports to a halt .
as the war proceeded , iraq [tried] to do the same to iran 's terminals and bring iranian exports to a halt .

While there is no evidence that either attempted to widen its options to the extent of shopping around for nuclear alternatives , both certainly took steps in the direction of nuclear-reactor installation , whether for research or power generation .
while there is no evidence that either [tried] to widen its options to the extent of shopping around for nuclear alternatives , both certainly took steps in the direction of nuclear-reactor installation , whether for research or power generation .

In between , there were a number of clashes during which Iraq attempted to retake the area .
in between , there were a number of clashes during which iraq [tried] to retake the area .

An attempted suicide left her severely disabled .
an [tried] suicide left her severely disabled .

The attempted creation of such an immense building led to problems .
the [tried] creation of such an immense building led to problems .

Neither attempted an answer to this question .
neither [tried] an answer to this question .

As usual , he attempted to strike the correct tone with the man .
as usual , he [tried] to strike the correct tone with the man .

The expansion , or attempted expansion , of genes is seen as the central causal mechanism underlying both individual and social behaviour .
the expansion , or [tried] expansion , of genes is seen as the central causal mechanism underlying both individual and social behaviour .

Again , these links must not be rushed at ; social psychology can not be ‘ read off ’ into urban sociology in the way in which some authors have attempted .
again , these links must not be rushed at ; social psychology can not be ‘ read off ’ into urban sociology in the way in which some authors have [tried] .

Giddens again , therefore , approaches the question of locale in a more indirect but more convincing way than those who have attempted to apply psychology directly to ‘ urban ’ or ‘ spatial ’ processes .
giddens again , therefore , approaches the question of locale in a more indirect but more convincing way than those who have [tried] to apply psychology directly to ‘ urban ’ or ‘ spatial ’ processes .

In this text , we have attempted to separate these data-oriented aspects , particularly data analysis and databases , from the process-oriented aspects .
in this text , we have [tried] to separate these data-oriented aspects , particularly data analysis and databases , from the process-oriented aspects .

Balfour attempted to sum up :
balfour [tried] to sum up :

The Earl of Uxbridge attempted to end the coal allowance of his Staffordshire colliers in 1757 .
the earl of uxbridge [tried] to end the coal allowance of his staffordshire colliers in 1757 .

Nobody attempted to speak until they were airborne and Málaga was left behind , and then to Maggie 's surprise the count turned his head slightly , raised his voice and spoke to Mitch .
nobody [tried] to speak until they were airborne and málaga was left behind , and then to maggie 's surprise the count turned his head slightly , raised his voice and spoke to mitch .

Several authors have attempted to describe mathematically the various types of vegetative plant canopy .
several authors have [tried] to describe mathematically the various types of vegetative plant canopy .

In the present research only a lower level study has been attempted in which the relationship between the aloof measure and the true leaf area obtained after cutting has been plotted .
in the present research only a lower level study has been [tried] in which the relationship between the aloof measure and the true leaf area obtained after cutting has been plotted .

The picture improver attempted to restore or remove some of these points , with the possibility of an improved correlation between true area and A-measure .
the picture improver [tried] to restore or remove some of these points , with the possibility of an improved correlation between true area and a-measure .

’ He raised fair eyebrows and attempted a look of innocence .
’ he raised fair eyebrows and [tried] a look of innocence .

What we can say is that where pollution control has been attempted it has usually taken a crude and simple form .
what we can say is that where pollution control has been [tried] it has usually taken a crude and simple form .

Rather , if such industrial policy is to be attempted , it seems preferable to diagnose the cause of the market failure and provide a generalized incentive which market decision-makers then take into account when undertaking their professional analysis .
rather , if such industrial policy is to be [tried] , it seems preferable to diagnose the cause of the market failure and provide a generalized incentive which market decision-makers then take into account when undertaking their professional analysis .

Where , for example , British Rail wishes to maintain a loss-making rural railway for social reasons , the government attempted to value the divergence between private and social cost and made an explicit subsidy payment to British Rail .
where , for example , british rail wishes to maintain a loss-making rural railway for social reasons , the government [tried] to value the divergence between private and social cost and made an explicit subsidy payment to british rail .

The construction of a large grammar represents a major problem in it 's own right which has only been attempted by well-funded projects .
the construction of a large grammar represents a major problem in it 's own right which has only been [tried] by well-funded projects .

The use of both types of syntactic analysers has been attempted for helping to select the correct candidate words from the candidates suggested by text recognition systems in this thesis .
the use of both types of syntactic analysers has been [tried] for helping to select the correct candidate words from the candidates suggested by text recognition systems in this thesis .

Not once in the long years had he attempted to get in touch , to correspond with a daughter he had been all too ready to abandon .
not once in the long years had he [tried] to get in touch , to correspond with a daughter he had been all too ready to abandon .

As Shirley opened the door , Jenna stiffened , her tall , slender figure held rigidly still , the back of the settee a firm place to grip with suddenly shaking fingers because for some inexplicable reason she knew who it was before he even attempted to speak .
as shirley opened the door , jenna stiffened , her tall , slender figure held rigidly still , the back of the settee a firm place to grip with suddenly shaking fingers because for some inexplicable reason she knew who it was before he even [tried] to speak .

’ said Dr Neil , his head on one side again , the scar presented to her ; it was a sign that despite his mockery he had accepted her , for with those of whom he was unsure , or not used to , he always attempted to shield them from its sight .
’ said dr neil , his head on one side again , the scar presented to her ; it was a sign that despite his mockery he had accepted her , for with those of whom he was unsure , or not used to , he always [tried] to shield them from its sight .

The teaching materials attempted to introduce commercial farming methods , greater bureaucratic controls and instil the superiority of ‘ modern ’ ideas .
the teaching materials [tried] to introduce commercial farming methods , greater bureaucratic controls and instil the superiority of ‘ modern ’ ideas .

Many attempted to organize unions to ‘ take wages out of competition ’ , limit the length of the working day and gain some security from arbitrary dismissals based on the whim of an employer .
many [tried] to organize unions to ‘ take wages out of competition ’ , limit the length of the working day and gain some security from arbitrary dismissals based on the whim of an employer .

Ambitious beyond the wildest dreams of the banana or the humble plum , it attempted to take over the world .
ambitious beyond the wildest dreams of the banana or the humble plum , it [tried] to take over the world .

The assassination of one justice minister who published a ‘ black list ’ of big names in the drugs business and the attempted assassination of his successor clearly illustrate the power of this underground lobby .
the assassination of one justice minister who published a ‘ black list ’ of big names in the drugs business and the [tried] assassination of his successor clearly illustrate the power of this underground lobby .

Twice , aged 15 and 16 , she was remanded to prison for a series of offences including setting fire to rubbish bins , attempted theft , criminal damage ( slashing car tyres ) and making hoax telephone calls to the fire brigade .
twice , aged 15 and 16 , she was remanded to prison for a series of offences including setting fire to rubbish bins , [tried] theft , criminal damage ( slashing car tyres ) and making hoax telephone calls to the fire brigade .

As Chairman of Ways and Means , you , Mr. Deputy Speaker , attempted to resolve the situation and eventually you made history in the House by deciding that the Committee would be quorate with just two members .
as chairman of ways and means , you , mr. deputy speaker , [tried] to resolve the situation and eventually you made history in the house by deciding that the committee would be quorate with just two members .

Some parts of the Bill are relevant to an attempted escape .
some parts of the bill are relevant to an [tried] escape .

When the public think of prison mutiny , they have in mind events such as those at Strangeways , when prisoners attempted to overthrow legitimate authority in a violent manner .
when the public think of prison mutiny , they have in mind events such as those at strangeways , when prisoners [tried] to overthrow legitimate authority in a violent manner .

First , the banning of imports might land the Labour Government in the future in front of a European court and , secondly of course , if the Labour Government attempted to use their 40 per cent .
first , the banning of imports might land the labour government in the future in front of a european court and , secondly of course , if the labour government [tried] to use their 40 per cent .

Their public excuse was that they attempted to do so in the Social Security Act 1986 , but it has clearly been a failure .
their public excuse was that they [tried] to do so in the social security act 1986 , but it has clearly been a failure .

In the meantime , the Government have attempted to pull together a solution to the dilemma that arises as a result of the different views that are held by various groups .
in the meantime , the government have [tried] to pull together a solution to the dilemma that arises as a result of the different views that are held by various groups .

It came forward with these proposals , and it has attempted to bludgeon them through the House .
it came forward with these proposals , and it has [tried] to bludgeon them through the house .

Anna attempted to break away , but he held her tight and tried to kiss her again .
anna [tried] to break away , but he held her tight and tried to kiss her again .

Doreen regarded her with a concentrated stare that attempted to pierce her mind .
doreen regarded her with a concentrated stare that [tried] to pierce her mind .

When the Secretary of State sees the Republican representatives again , will he put to them the revulsion that was felt by the Unionist community and by a large section of the Roman Catholic community in Northern Ireland when Mr. Haughey attempted to foist into the Anglo-Irish Conference a new Minister for Defence ?
when the secretary of state sees the republican representatives again , will he put to them the revulsion that was felt by the unionist community and by a large section of the roman catholic community in northern ireland when mr. haughey [tried] to foist into the anglo-irish conference a new minister for defence ?

We collect statistics on various crimes such as breach of the peace , vandalism , the carrying of offensive weapons , robbery , petty and serious assaults , attempted murder and murder .
we collect statistics on various crimes such as breach of the peace , vandalism , the carrying of offensive weapons , robbery , petty and serious assaults , [tried] murder and murder .

Up to the end of November this year , 367 people had been charged with terrorist offences , including 37 with murder and 75 with attempted murder .
up to the end of november this year , 367 people had been charged with terrorist offences , including 37 with murder and 75 with [tried] murder .

Does my right hon. and learned Friend agree that since 1979 the Government have introduced more training places and a wider range of training courses both in width and in depth , in a way that has never been attempted before ? We have spent far more money .
does my right hon. and learned friend agree that since 1979 the government have introduced more training places and a wider range of training courses both in width and in depth , in a way that has never been [tried] before ? we have spent far more money .

They attempted , for instance , to suppress the publication and reporting of ’ Spycatcher ’ .
they [tried] , for instance , to suppress the publication and reporting of ’ spycatcher ’ .

The Government first attempted to exclude altogether supplementary benefit and national assistance from the scope of regulation 72 .
the government first [tried] to exclude altogether supplementary benefit and national assistance from the scope of regulation 72 .

‘ Wh-what 's wrong ? ’ She attempted to sit up , but his hands on her shoulders kept her pinned down .
‘ wh-what 's wrong ? ’ she [tried] to sit up , but his hands on her shoulders kept her pinned down .

It is attempted rape .
it is [tried] rape .

Frequently , but not always , this same process will have been attempted by the author when inventing the title , which explains why the title is often a useful aid to indexing .
frequently , but not always , this same process will have been [tried] by the author when inventing the title , which explains why the title is often a useful aid to indexing .

Having established a distinction between social movements and organized political formations , and indicated in a preliminary way the characteristics of social movements , it would not be too difficult to construct a typology of such movements , as a number of writers have attempted , in terms of their size ( number of participants ) , range ( local , national , international ) , duration , objectives ( specific or general , directed toward transforming individuals or supra-individual systems ) and so on .
having established a distinction between social movements and organized political formations , and indicated in a preliminary way the characteristics of social movements , it would not be too difficult to construct a typology of such movements , as a number of writers have [tried] , in terms of their size ( number of participants ) , range ( local , national , international ) , duration , objectives ( specific or general , directed toward transforming individuals or supra-individual systems ) and so on .

The various theories of war have attempted to explain its incidence , scale and intensity in terms of such influences ; and in the case of modem war Marxist thinkers have distinguished between wars arising from imperialist rivalries , those resulting from conflicts between socialist and capitalist countries , and anti-colonial wars of liberation , while other social theorists have emphasized the strength of nationalism and the rivalry between nation states , pointing out that national interests may give rise to military confrontations and the use of armed force even among ‘ socialist ’ countries , as was the case in Hungary ( 1956 ) and Czechoslovakia ( 1968 ) , and briefly in the relations between the Soviet Union and China .
the various theories of war have [tried] to explain its incidence , scale and intensity in terms of such influences ; and in the case of modem war marxist thinkers have distinguished between wars arising from imperialist rivalries , those resulting from conflicts between socialist and capitalist countries , and anti-colonial wars of liberation , while other social theorists have emphasized the strength of nationalism and the rivalry between nation states , pointing out that national interests may give rise to military confrontations and the use of armed force even among ‘ socialist ’ countries , as was the case in hungary ( 1956 ) and czechoslovakia ( 1968 ) , and briefly in the relations between the soviet union and china .

As an attempted escape , it was a failure .
as an [tried] escape , it was a failure .

’ The violence of the denial as she attempted to speak again shocked her into silence .
’ the violence of the denial as she [tried] to speak again shocked her into silence .

She conjured up an image of a five-barred gate , introduced some jumping sheep and attempted to count them , then giggled when they appeared wearing cork-strewn hats .
she conjured up an image of a five-barred gate , introduced some jumping sheep and [tried] to count them , then giggled when they appeared wearing cork-strewn hats .

Perhaps some drunken jape which got out of hand , or perhaps a calculated act of attempted murder .
perhaps some drunken jape which got out of hand , or perhaps a calculated act of [tried] murder .

Our experimental findings show how the subjects were working through these : in the first repetition , ( a ) was attempted rather amateurishly and ( b ) invoked by relatively few ; in the second repetition , many were beginning to apply ( a ) successively ( many put output in period eight equal to 250 which is where marginal cost equals expected price ) , many more were applying ( b ) and a sizeable number ( enough to effect our regression and probit results ) were invoking both ( c ) and ( d ) , though understandably the ( c ) effects were more pronounced .
our experimental findings show how the subjects were working through these : in the first repetition , ( a ) was [tried] rather amateurishly and ( b ) invoked by relatively few ; in the second repetition , many were beginning to apply ( a ) successively ( many put output in period eight equal to 250 which is where marginal cost equals expected price ) , many more were applying ( b ) and a sizeable number ( enough to effect our regression and probit results ) were invoking both ( c ) and ( d ) , though understandably the ( c ) effects were more pronounced .

Twice the man attempted to speak , and twice he failed .
twice the man [tried] to speak , and twice he failed .

She attempted to shift her gaze and break away from the invisible hold he had on her .
she [tried] to shift her gaze and break away from the invisible hold he had on her .

He smiled , as if knowing why she 'd attempted a joke , and turned her around , leaning her into his body .
he smiled , as if knowing why she 'd [tried] a joke , and turned her around , leaning her into his body .

For some time a rumour had persisted that Horemheb , in his moves to clear up the corruption which had flourished like rampant weed during the years in which the city had fallen into neglect , had more than once attempted to close it ; but that the interests which protected it were still too powerful for him to dispense with .
for some time a rumour had persisted that horemheb , in his moves to clear up the corruption which had flourished like rampant weed during the years in which the city had fallen into neglect , had more than once [tried] to close it ; but that the interests which protected it were still too powerful for him to dispense with .

It attempted to identify these needs , and addressed detailed recommendations for meeting them to central government , LEAs , examination boards , teachers , training institutions and funding bodies for research and curriculum development .
it [tried] to identify these needs , and addressed detailed recommendations for meeting them to central government , leas , examination boards , teachers , training institutions and funding bodies for research and curriculum development .

This attempted to abolish selection by ability for secondary schools .
this [tried] to abolish selection by ability for secondary schools .

What one British envoy called the ‘ crazy constitution ’ of the United Provinces thus appeared to contemporaries a poor advertisement for any form of government which attempted to escape from the conventional pattern of monarchy .
what one british envoy called the ‘ crazy constitution ’ of the united provinces thus appeared to contemporaries a poor advertisement for any form of government which [tried] to escape from the conventional pattern of monarchy .

It had a real existence , in the sense that a number of rulers in the period 1750–90 attempted , to differing extents and in differing ways , to shape their policies in terms of a body of current theories about the duties of monarchs and the nature of good government .
it had a real existence , in the sense that a number of rulers in the period 1750–90 [tried] , to differing extents and in differing ways , to shape their policies in terms of a body of current theories about the duties of monarchs and the nature of good government .

In almost every case ( Leopold in Tuscany is perhaps the one real exception ) the new façade of fashionable ideology clothed policies which followed naturally from what had already been attempted by relatively unenlightened predecessors .
in almost every case ( leopold in tuscany is perhaps the one real exception ) the new façade of fashionable ideology clothed policies which followed naturally from what had already been [tried] by relatively unenlightened predecessors .

With the exception of Russia , however , no major European power attempted to raise the bulk of its forces , at least in peacetime , by this means .
with the exception of russia , however , no major european power [tried] to raise the bulk of its forces , at least in peacetime , by this means .

It had been repeated at the end of that century by Leibniz , who attempted in the collections of treaties and other documents which he published , the Codex Juris Centium Diplomaticus ( 1693 ) and Mantissa Codicis ( 1700 ) , to provide a basis for it .
it had been repeated at the end of that century by leibniz , who [tried] in the collections of treaties and other documents which he published , the codex juris centium diplomaticus ( 1693 ) and mantissa codicis ( 1700 ) , to provide a basis for it .

‘ Flowers ? Why should anyone be sending me flowers ? ’ Folly pushed herself reluctantly up in bed and attempted to wipe the sleep from her eyes .
‘ flowers ? why should anyone be sending me flowers ? ’ folly pushed herself reluctantly up in bed and [tried] to wipe the sleep from her eyes .

As we shall see , though , it is precisely such a set of conceptual tools that more recent structuralism has attempted to supply .
as we shall see , though , it is precisely such a set of conceptual tools that more recent structuralism has [tried] to supply .

His eyes were on her mouth , promising retribution in the form of a punishing kiss if she attempted to speak .
his eyes were on her mouth , promising retribution in the form of a punishing kiss if she [tried] to speak .

In each case a number of issues arose , some of which were resolved , as they attempted to modify their classroom practice .
in each case a number of issues arose , some of which were resolved , as they [tried] to modify their classroom practice .

They locked strings with the kites of their enemies and attempted , by means of the ground glass glued on their strings , to cut their opponents ' kites free .
they locked strings with the kites of their enemies and [tried] , by means of the ground glass glued on their strings , to cut their opponents ' kites free .

Dusting was a particular bugbear of Murti 's , rarely attempted and never with any success .
dusting was a particular bugbear of murti 's , rarely [tried] and never with any success .

In the course of the voyage two of the seamen deserted ; and the captain , having in vain attempted to supply their places at Cronstadt , there entered into an agreement with the rest of the crew , that they should have the wages of the two who had deserted equally divided among them , if he could not procure two other hands at Gottenborg .
in the course of the voyage two of the seamen deserted ; and the captain , having in vain [tried] to supply their places at cronstadt , there entered into an agreement with the rest of the crew , that they should have the wages of the two who had deserted equally divided among them , if he could not procure two other hands at gottenborg .

The wholesale abolition of rigid portrayals of gender stereotypes in school texts is not a sufficiently subtle response to the problem , and should not be attempted .
the wholesale abolition of rigid portrayals of gender stereotypes in school texts is not a sufficiently subtle response to the problem , and should not be [tried] .

‘ It is natural that you should suffer from such doubts , ’ Louisa attempted . ‘ Dr Horrocks told me that you would feel the pain of this experience as … ’
‘ it is natural that you should suffer from such doubts , ’ louisa [tried] . ‘ dr horrocks told me that you would feel the pain of this experience as … ’

He had attempted a verse on the theme , but the lines lacked grace .
he had [tried] a verse on the theme , but the lines lacked grace .

This was the name of the spread she had chosen , and it displayed an entire interior self-portrait on a scale she had never attempted before .
this was the name of the spread she had chosen , and it displayed an entire interior self-portrait on a scale she had never [tried] before .

Another and equally disconcerting presence had materialized there — one which she had attempted to diminish some time ago and send packing from her thoughts .
another and equally disconcerting presence had materialized there — one which she had [tried] to diminish some time ago and send packing from her thoughts .

‘ My dear , ’ he attempted , ‘ how good to see you up and about again . ’
‘ my dear , ’ he [tried] , ‘ how good to see you up and about again . ’

This section has attempted to show that more research is needed into the make-up of multiple estates in the earliest periods for which documents exist .
this section has [tried] to show that more research is needed into the make-up of multiple estates in the earliest periods for which documents exist .

Maps showing monastic estates or baronial holdings ( although few of the latter have been attempted ) serve to demonstrate the administrative focal place function of such sites as motte and bailey castles , ringworks , or small monastic complexes ; at the same time the dependent or lower status of other settlements and surrounding lands is demonstrated by their relatively peripheral position .
maps showing monastic estates or baronial holdings ( although few of the latter have been [tried] ) serve to demonstrate the administrative focal place function of such sites as motte and bailey castles , ringworks , or small monastic complexes ; at the same time the dependent or lower status of other settlements and surrounding lands is demonstrated by their relatively peripheral position .

Brian Roberts , in his analysis of village plans , has drawn attention to the range of village types and attempted to classify them according to their plan units .
brian roberts , in his analysis of village plans , has drawn attention to the range of village types and [tried] to classify them according to their plan units .

He proposed a model which attempted to ‘ weight ’ various commodities used by settlers to a greater or lesser degree , including land use , which will be considered further below .
he proposed a model which [tried] to ‘ weight ’ various commodities used by settlers to a greater or lesser degree , including land use , which will be considered further below .

Mesmerised by the scene he had witnessed , and agonised by the scene he had just had with Mrs Figgis-Hewett , when he saw her costume and vainly attempted to dissuade her , Auguste recalled his prime duty and reluctantly despatched Alfred to the dining room to prepare for the serving of wines at the Prince 's table .
mesmerised by the scene he had witnessed , and agonised by the scene he had just had with mrs figgis-hewett , when he saw her costume and vainly [tried] to dissuade her , auguste recalled his prime duty and reluctantly despatched alfred to the dining room to prepare for the serving of wines at the prince 's table .

She began with my mother , attempted unsuccessfully to go on to me and now feels Alexandra is old enough to be the next victim .
she began with my mother , [tried] unsuccessfully to go on to me and now feels alexandra is old enough to be the next victim .

She attempted to get up , was foiled by her skirts and clumsiness , and ended up on her hands and knees looking down from her platform directly into his face .
she [tried] to get up , was foiled by her skirts and clumsiness , and ended up on her hands and knees looking down from her platform directly into his face .

They played chess and bezique and silly paper games , Alexandra attempted sketches of him which convulsed him with laughter and read comic poems to him .
they played chess and bezique and silly paper games , alexandra [tried] sketches of him which convulsed him with laughter and read comic poems to him .

There were of course exceptions such as Mrs Cellier , mid-wife and women 's champion who against all the odds managed to carve a niche for herself as a nurse , to hold her own whilst on trial at the Old Bailey , calmly storing in her pocket stones thrown at her whilst in the stocks and attempted to found a college of therapeutic midwifery .
there were of course exceptions such as mrs cellier , mid-wife and women 's champion who against all the odds managed to carve a niche for herself as a nurse , to hold her own whilst on trial at the old bailey , calmly storing in her pocket stones thrown at her whilst in the stocks and [tried] to found a college of therapeutic midwifery .

Charles had not entirely abandoned the efforts of his father and grandfather to protect the pauperes : at the same time , he had done what neither his father nor grandfather had attempted , in imposing public exactions in cash on the economy at large .
charles had not entirely abandoned the efforts of his father and grandfather to protect the pauperes : at the same time , he had done what neither his father nor grandfather had [tried] , in imposing public exactions in cash on the economy at large .

Thanks to this initiative , the attempted rising was put down in Madrid and Barcelona , though not without excesses and vandalism which did considerable harm to the Republican cause .
thanks to this initiative , the [tried] rising was put down in madrid and barcelona , though not without excesses and vandalism which did considerable harm to the republican cause .

For three years , between July 1936 and April 1939 , two opposing forces attempted to settle by military means a dispute which had been going on since 1931 over what form the state should take in Spain .
for three years , between july 1936 and april 1939 , two opposing forces [tried] to settle by military means a dispute which had been going on since 1931 over what form the state should take in spain .

In view of the violent intentions of the Guardia de Franco , the military governor of Madrid , General Rodrigo Martínez , had placed the organization 's premises under surveillance and had declared that he would mobilize troops if the Falangist extremists attempted to take the law into their own hands .
in view of the violent intentions of the guardia de franco , the military governor of madrid , general rodrigo martínez , had placed the organization 's premises under surveillance and had declared that he would mobilize troops if the falangist extremists [tried] to take the law into their own hands .

The Sealink ship they attempted to board , the Nord Pas de Calais , was the same ferry which Greenpeace protesters in inflatable craft had held up for several hours during an attempt to stop it docking at Dover a few days earlier .
the sealink ship they [tried] to board , the nord pas de calais , was the same ferry which greenpeace protesters in inflatable craft had held up for several hours during an attempt to stop it docking at dover a few days earlier .

In an attempt to increase the realism of events used to study the effects of arousal , several investigators have attempted to stage events which would be expected to induce arousal .
in an attempt to increase the realism of events used to study the effects of arousal , several investigators have [tried] to stage events which would be expected to induce arousal .

Although a definition of central information was attempted , no clear description of the types of peripheral information available was previously offered .
although a definition of central information was [tried] , no clear description of the types of peripheral information available was previously offered .

In a pilot experiment subjects attempted to describe films as they watched them in the way described by Hughes and Cole .
in a pilot experiment subjects [tried] to describe films as they watched them in the way described by hughes and cole .

This means that British Coal has to shut down a large amount of its production capacity , and this they attempted last autumn .
this means that british coal has to shut down a large amount of its production capacity , and this they [tried] last autumn .

Popes and emperors disputed the city and the citizens attempted to assert the right to rule themselves .
popes and emperors disputed the city and the citizens [tried] to assert the right to rule themselves .

Accordingly when Bishop Mauger attempted to visit them in 1202 , both parties , bishop and monks , believing in the rightness of their positions , appealed to the pope , and the abbey also appealed to the archbishop of Canterbury for tuition , or protection of this appeal , while matters were pending .
accordingly when bishop mauger [tried] to visit them in 1202 , both parties , bishop and monks , believing in the rightness of their positions , appealed to the pope , and the abbey also appealed to the archbishop of canterbury for tuition , or protection of this appeal , while matters were pending .

The supplementary case concerning the jurisdiction over the churches of the Vale brought also a quick retort from the pope when poor Master Robert attempted to argue that prescription had no power against episcopal rights . ``
the supplementary case concerning the jurisdiction over the churches of the vale brought also a quick retort from the pope when poor master robert [tried] to argue that prescription had no power against episcopal rights . ``

Narin attempted to determine the significance of relationships between the research event , the funding mechanism , and the location of the performer .
narin [tried] to determine the significance of relationships between the research event , the funding mechanism , and the location of the performer .

The term Geochemistry has been used less consistently , and so comparisons between different periods can not be attempted .
the term geochemistry has been used less consistently , and so comparisons between different periods can not be [tried] .

However , in field conditions nothing like this is ever attempted .
however , in field conditions nothing like this is ever [tried] .

President Bush , while admitting that his administration had attempted to woo Iraq , had persistently denied claims that it had boosted Saddam 's military capabilities through illegal action .
president bush , while admitting that his administration had [tried] to woo iraq , had persistently denied claims that it had boosted saddam 's military capabilities through illegal action .

The Democratic Party presidential nominee , Bill Clinton , had attempted to take advantage of renewed concern over the availability of abortion by restating his support for the right to choose , and by promising that , if elected President , he would appoint to the Supreme Court only judges who supported Roe v. Wade .
the democratic party presidential nominee , bill clinton , had [tried] to take advantage of renewed concern over the availability of abortion by restating his support for the right to choose , and by promising that , if elected president , he would appoint to the supreme court only judges who supported roe v. wade .

They had spent two years in custody on charges of treason , murder and kidnapping in connection with the attempted coup in July-August 1990 [ see pp .
they had spent two years in custody on charges of treason , murder and kidnapping in connection with the [tried] coup in july-august 1990 [ see pp .

On July 2-3 some 2,000 people , from the coastal town of Vlore and surrounding villages , attempted to board an Italian-bound ship in the port .
on july 2-3 some 2,000 people , from the coastal town of vlore and surrounding villages , [tried] to board an italian-bound ship in the port .

On July 7-8 some 650 Albanians who had attempted to cross without documents into the Greek districts of Ioannina and Thesprotia were likewise deported , and on July 10 some 2,800 Albanian citizens employed in Greece were sent back to southern Albania , apparently in co-ordination with the Albanian local authorities [ see also pp .
on july 7-8 some 650 albanians who had [tried] to cross without documents into the greek districts of ioannina and thesprotia were likewise deported , and on july 10 some 2,800 albanian citizens employed in greece were sent back to southern albania , apparently in co-ordination with the albanian local authorities [ see also pp .

It appeared that 30 Estonians had attempted to seize premises currently belonging to the Russian military , but due to be handed over to Estonia .
it appeared that 30 estonians had [tried] to seize premises currently belonging to the russian military , but due to be handed over to estonia .

On July 9 the Supreme Council ( parliament ) adopted a draft resolution confirming the conclusions of the parliamentary commission investigating the Soviet attempted coup of August 1991 .
on july 9 the supreme council ( parliament ) adopted a draft resolution confirming the conclusions of the parliamentary commission investigating the soviet [tried] coup of august 1991 .

The July 9 resolution annulled the mandates of 15 deputies , mainly from the Equal Rights ( Ravnopraviye ) faction , claiming that from May 1990 to August 1991 they attempted unlawfully to replace the Latvian government and eliminate the drive towards Latvian independence .
the july 9 resolution annulled the mandates of 15 deputies , mainly from the equal rights ( ravnopraviye ) faction , claiming that from may 1990 to august 1991 they [tried] unlawfully to replace the latvian government and eliminate the drive towards latvian independence .

After holding a memorial service for Kang , the students , armed with missiles and petrol bombs , attempted to march into the city centre but were held back by 6,000 riot police using tear gas and water cannon .
after holding a memorial service for kang , the students , armed with missiles and petrol bombs , [tried] to march into the city centre but were held back by 6,000 riot police using tear gas and water cannon .

Trial of Interior Minister 's attempted assassin
trial of interior minister 's [tried] assassin

The Land court in Offenburg ruled on May 7 that Dieter Kaufmann , 37 , who had attempted to assassinate Interior Minister Wolfgang Schäuble in October 1990 [ see p. 37763 ] , was mentally unfit to stand trial ; he was sent to a closed psychiatric hospital .
the land court in offenburg ruled on may 7 that dieter kaufmann , 37 , who had [tried] to assassinate interior minister wolfgang schäuble in october 1990 [ see p. 37763 ] , was mentally unfit to stand trial ; he was sent to a closed psychiatric hospital .

Amnesty said that it had evidence of children being detained , either on suspicion of illegal political activities , or with their fathers , some of whom were serving heavy sentences for their alleged involvement in the attempted coup of 1981 [ see pp. 31353-54 ; 31563 ] .
amnesty said that it had evidence of children being detained , either on suspicion of illegal political activities , or with their fathers , some of whom were serving heavy sentences for their alleged involvement in the [tried] coup of 1981 [ see pp. 31353-54 ; 31563 ] .

The resignation of Richardson , then Minister of Justice and National Security , tendered on Sept. 18 for failing to prevent the attempted coup and the ensuing looting , was not accepted at the time by the Prime Minister , with whom Richardson had been held hostage during the crisis .
the resignation of richardson , then minister of justice and national security , tendered on sept. 18 for failing to prevent the [tried] coup and the ensuing looting , was not accepted at the time by the prime minister , with whom richardson had been held hostage during the crisis .

After the attempted coup in July-August [ see pp .
after the [tried] coup in july-august [ see pp .

Prior to the opening of the Republican Party convention , the party 's leadership attempted to curb the huge lead enjoyed by the Democrats by launching a series of attacks on the character of Democratic presidential nominee Bill Clinton .
prior to the opening of the republican party convention , the party 's leadership [tried] to curb the huge lead enjoyed by the democrats by launching a series of attacks on the character of democratic presidential nominee bill clinton .

Having attempted to define the campaign 's agenda on the basis of `` family values `` , Bush was also severely embarrassed by a front page story carried in the New York Post on Aug. 11 which alleged that he had had an extra-marital affair with Jennifer Fitzgerald , a former personal assistant and a current protocol officer in the State Department .
having [tried] to define the campaign 's agenda on the basis of `` family values `` , bush was also severely embarrassed by a front page story carried in the new york post on aug. 11 which alleged that he had had an extra-marital affair with jennifer fitzgerald , a former personal assistant and a current protocol officer in the state department .

On Aug. 18 Finance Minister Tsutomu Hata had attempted to restore confidence by announcing a series of measures aimed at discouraging financial institutions from selling shares until the end of September , and allowing them to postpone the reporting of unrealised losses on share holdings until the end of the financial year , in March 1993 .
on aug. 18 finance minister tsutomu hata had [tried] to restore confidence by announcing a series of measures aimed at discouraging financial institutions from selling shares until the end of september , and allowing them to postpone the reporting of unrealised losses on share holdings until the end of the financial year , in march 1993 .

Pravda 's financial difficulties had led to a brief suspension in March [ see pp. 38825 ; 38874 ] , but its pro-communist line had changed little since its reappearance following a ban in August 1991 for alleged support for the attempted coup [ see pp. 38418 ] .
pravda 's financial difficulties had led to a brief suspension in march [ see pp. 38825 ; 38874 ] , but its pro-communist line had changed little since its reappearance following a ban in august 1991 for alleged support for the [tried] coup [ see pp. 38418 ] .

Shevardnadze at this point attempted to restrain the fighting , negotiating with Ardzinba by telephone .
shevardnadze at this point [tried] to restrain the fighting , negotiating with ardzinba by telephone .

On Aug. 13 President Lech Walesa warned Polish workers against " unrealistic demands " , and denounced union leaders who had attempted to compare the present situation in the country with that of August 1980 .
on aug. 13 president lech walesa warned polish workers against " unrealistic demands " , and denounced union leaders who had [tried] to compare the present situation in the country with that of august 1980 .

On Aug. 13 President Lech Walesa warned Polish workers against " unrealistic demands " , and denounced union leaders who had attempted to compare the present situation in the country with that of August 1980 .
on aug. 13 president lech walesa warned polish workers against " unrealistic demands " , and denounced union leaders who had [tried] to compare the present situation in the country with that of august 1980 .

On Aug. 26 Spain deported 195 North Africans , nearly all of them Moroccans , who had attempted the crossing from the Spanish enclave of Melilla , bordering Morocco , to Almeria in mainland Spain , in a 15-metre motor boat .
on aug. 26 spain deported 195 north africans , nearly all of them moroccans , who had [tried] the crossing from the spanish enclave of melilla , bordering morocco , to almeria in mainland spain , in a 15-metre motor boat .

He accused members of the opposition of involvement in an attempted coup , whereas opposition parties claimed that the soldiers ' action was part of a government conspiracy .
he accused members of the opposition of involvement in an [tried] coup , whereas opposition parties claimed that the soldiers ' action was part of a government conspiracy .

Attempted coup
[tried] coup

Attempted currency reform — Appointment of electoral commission
[tried] currency reform — appointment of electoral commission

In it he attempted to invoke the spirit of the `` Desert Storm `` Gulf war campaign in order to combat the current economic recession .
in it he [tried] to invoke the spirit of the `` desert storm `` gulf war campaign in order to combat the current economic recession .

Hours before the March for Life , dozens of volunteers from Operation Rescue ( a radical anti-abortionist group which had conducted a mass blockade of abortion clinics in 1991 — see p. 38383 ) attempted for the second morning in succession to block access to two abortion clinics in the capital .
hours before the march for life , dozens of volunteers from operation rescue ( a radical anti-abortionist group which had conducted a mass blockade of abortion clinics in 1991 — see p. 38383 ) [tried] for the second morning in succession to block access to two abortion clinics in the capital .

The Supreme Court ruled on Jan. 22 that those who had fled from countries where rebel forces had attempted to coerce them into military service were not entitled to political asylum .
the supreme court ruled on jan. 22 that those who had fled from countries where rebel forces had [tried] to coerce them into military service were not entitled to political asylum .

The ruling was made in the case of Jairo Jonathan Elias Zacarias who had fled from Guatemala in 1987 after guerrillas had attempted forcibly to recruit him for military service .
the ruling was made in the case of jairo jonathan elias zacarias who had fled from guatemala in 1987 after guerrillas had [tried] forcibly to recruit him for military service .

Approval of new constitution — Prime Minister 's attempted resignation
approval of new constitution — prime minister 's [tried] resignation

Assassination of Tea Bun Long — Attempted assassination of Ung Phan
assassination of tea bun long — [tried] assassination of ung phan

Gamsakhurdia 's attempted return from exile
gamsakhurdia 's [tried] return from exile

Two former East German border guards , Ingo Heinrich and Andreas Kühnpast , whose trial had opened in September 1991 , were on Jan. 20 convicted of manslaughter and attempted manslaughter respectively , by a Berlin court .
two former east german border guards , ingo heinrich and andreas kühnpast , whose trial had opened in september 1991 , were on jan. 20 convicted of manslaughter and [tried] manslaughter respectively , by a berlin court .

They had shot and killed Chris Gueffroy , the last person to die trying to escape from East to West Germany , as he attempted to cross the border to West Berlin on Feb. 6 , 1989 .
they had shot and killed chris gueffroy , the last person to die trying to escape from east to west germany , as he [tried] to cross the border to west berlin on feb. 6 , 1989 .

Attempted bomb attack on train
[tried] bomb attack on train

Jewish settlers responded to the shooting by planting mobile homes on five sites across the West Bank and Gaza strip on Jan. 15 , but these attempted settlements were immediately dismantled by the security forces .
jewish settlers responded to the shooting by planting mobile homes on five sites across the west bank and gaza strip on jan. 15 , but these [tried] settlements were immediately dismantled by the security forces .

During his visit Khaddam also attempted to settle a growing dispute between President Elias Hrawi , Prime Minister Umar Karami and National Assembly Speaker Hussein al-Husseini about the distribution of state powers .
during his visit khaddam also [tried] to settle a growing dispute between president elias hrawi , prime minister umar karami and national assembly speaker hussein al-husseini about the distribution of state powers .

Observers conjectured that a takeover was attempted because of fear that the Union Treaty [ see p. 38348-49 ] , due to be signed on Aug. 20 by the Russian Federation , Byelorussia , Kazakhstan , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , would end effective central control of the country .
observers conjectured that a takeover was [tried] because of fear that the union treaty [ see p. 38348-49 ] , due to be signed on aug. 20 by the russian federation , byelorussia , kazakhstan , tajikistan and uzbekistan , would end effective central control of the country .

Interior Minister Col. Manuel José Antonio was arrested on Aug. 11 for questioning in connection with an attempted coup uncovered on June 24 and said to have been planned for June 25 ( the 16th anniversary of Mozambique 's independence ) .
interior minister col. manuel josé antonio was arrested on aug. 11 for questioning in connection with an [tried] coup uncovered on june 24 and said to have been planned for june 25 ( the 16th anniversary of mozambique 's independence ) .

Attempted coup
[tried] coup

Ibrahim Ahmed Halidi , President of the Supreme Court , attempted , with the support of the Court , to seize power from President Said Mohammed Djohar on Aug. 3 , proclaiming himself interim president .
ibrahim ahmed halidi , president of the supreme court , [tried] , with the support of the court , to seize power from president said mohammed djohar on aug. 3 , proclaiming himself interim president .

The Sudanese Armed Forces ' official spokesman , Maj.-Gen. Muhammad Tulbah Uwaydah , announced on Aug. 23 that 10 serving and retired army officers and a number of civilians had been arrested following an attempted coup .
the sudanese armed forces ' official spokesman , maj.-gen. muhammad tulbah uwaydah , announced on aug. 23 that 10 serving and retired army officers and a number of civilians had been arrested following an [tried] coup .

Dinkins attempted to visit the area on Aug. 21 , but was repelled by hostile crowds .
dinkins [tried] to visit the area on aug. 21 , but was repelled by hostile crowds .

The incident , which did not result in casualties , came only hours after the South Korean government had placed its armed force on heightened alert in response to the attempted coup in the Soviet Union .
the incident , which did not result in casualties , came only hours after the south korean government had placed its armed force on heightened alert in response to the [tried] coup in the soviet union .

Most Western leaders declined Kadhafi 's invitation to attend the inauguration ceremonies ; some observers linked their cool response to Libya 's welcoming of the attempted overthrow of Soviet President Gorbachev .
most western leaders declined kadhafi 's invitation to attend the inauguration ceremonies ; some observers linked their cool response to libya 's welcoming of the [tried] overthrow of soviet president gorbachev .

The Iraqi air force attempted little in the way of a co-ordinated response to the allied air assault , and it appeared that Saddam Hussein was intent on preserving his aircraft either for a later stage of the campaign or for the duration of the entire war .
the iraqi air force [tried] little in the way of a co-ordinated response to the allied air assault , and it appeared that saddam hussein was intent on preserving his aircraft either for a later stage of the campaign or for the duration of the entire war .

One soldier was reported killed and two others wounded during an attack on the military barracks at the coastal town of Tadjoura on the night of Jan. 8-9 , in what the government claimed was the start of an attempted coup .
one soldier was reported killed and two others wounded during an attack on the military barracks at the coastal town of tadjoura on the night of jan. 8-9 , in what the government claimed was the start of an [tried] coup .

The position of the President-elect Fr Jean-Bertrand Aristide was bolstered on Jan. 7 when the Haitian army crushed an attempted coup d'etat led by Roger Lafontant .
the position of the president-elect fr jean-bertrand aristide was bolstered on jan. 7 when the haitian army crushed an [tried] coup d'etat led by roger lafontant .

In a separate development on Jan. 27 , nearly 1,000 students attempted to storm the villa where Ershad was being detained , demanding that he be transferred to prison within 24 hours .
in a separate development on jan. 27 , nearly 1,000 students [tried] to storm the villa where ershad was being detained , demanding that he be transferred to prison within 24 hours .

The Presidium of the People 's Assembly on Jan. 5 agreed to proposals by the Interior and Justice Ministries to pardon 202 political prisoners sentenced for `` agitation and propaganda against the state `` and for `` attempted defection abroad `` .
the presidium of the people 's assembly on jan. 5 agreed to proposals by the interior and justice ministries to pardon 202 political prisoners sentenced for `` agitation and propaganda against the state `` and for `` [tried] defection abroad `` .

On June 20 President de Klerk attempted to visit Boipatong but was forced away by angry residents .
on june 20 president de klerk [tried] to visit boipatong but was forced away by angry residents .

38880-81 ; 38921-22 ] and over an attempted last-minute government amendment to the Russian-Polish treaty [ see p. 38922 ] .
38880-81 ; 38921-22 ] and over an [tried] last-minute government amendment to the russian-polish treaty [ see p. 38922 ] .

On June 12 , in the midst of rumours of an attempted coup by the outgoing government — an accusation made by Walesa at the Solidarity congress [ see below ] — Milczanowski ascertained that Piotr Naimski , head of the State Security Office , had ordered Interior Ministry troops on to alert on June 4 .
on june 12 , in the midst of rumours of an [tried] coup by the outgoing government — an accusation made by walesa at the solidarity congress [ see below ] — milczanowski ascertained that piotr naimski , head of the state security office , had ordered interior ministry troops on to alert on june 4 .

In both Mashad and Arak the disturbances appeared to have begun when the municipal authorities attempted to enforce the law on the erection of new buildings .
in both mashad and arak the disturbances appeared to have begun when the municipal authorities [tried] to enforce the law on the erection of new buildings .

French prisoners also protested in July 1990 at overcrowding and specifically at Mitterrand 's decision on July 27 , 1990 , to release Anis Naccache ( as well as four others connected with his case ) , who had in 1982 been sentenced to life imprisonment for the attempted murder in 1980 of the former Iranian Prime Minister Shapour Bakhtiar ] [ see pp. 30631-32 ; for links with Lebanese hostage issue see p. 36632 ; for August 1991 murder of Bachtiar see p. 38409 ] .
french prisoners also protested in july 1990 at overcrowding and specifically at mitterrand 's decision on july 27 , 1990 , to release anis naccache ( as well as four others connected with his case ) , who had in 1982 been sentenced to life imprisonment for the [tried] murder in 1980 of the former iranian prime minister shapour bakhtiar ] [ see pp. 30631-32 ; for links with lebanese hostage issue see p. 36632 ; for august 1991 murder of bachtiar see p. 38409 ] .

The government had attempted to regain public support when it honoured the martyrs of the 1956 Hungarian uprising against Communist rule , also in October .
the government had [tried] to regain public support when it honoured the martyrs of the 1956 hungarian uprising against communist rule , also in october .

Social policy was still not fully worked out so that emergency measures , including the setting-up of free street kitchens and shelters and the introduction of food , accommodation and energy vouchers for those in need , attempted to deal with the worsening situation .
social policy was still not fully worked out so that emergency measures , including the setting-up of free street kitchens and shelters and the introduction of food , accommodation and energy vouchers for those in need , [tried] to deal with the worsening situation .

The government also attempted to broaden its political base by other means : in the April 1991 Cabinet reshuffle some non-NSF ministers were appointed [ see p. 38207 ] .
the government also [tried] to broaden its political base by other means : in the april 1991 cabinet reshuffle some non-nsf ministers were appointed [ see p. 38207 ] .

( 1 ) It attempted to establish the legitimacy of the Union by a referendum held on March 17 , 1991 , on the preservation of the Soviet Union .
( 1 ) it [tried] to establish the legitimacy of the union by a referendum held on march 17 , 1991 , on the preservation of the soviet union .

The six Presidents of the republics , meeting on June 6 , attempted to break the constitutional deadlock and to start formal negotiations on a new basis for the country 's institutions .
the six presidents of the republics , meeting on june 6 , [tried] to break the constitutional deadlock and to start formal negotiations on a new basis for the country 's institutions .

Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu reportedly attempted to persuade Ozawa , his main ally and patron , not to give up the secretary-general 's post ( which he had held since August 1989 when Kaifu became Prime Minister — see p. 36850 ) .
prime minister toshiki kaifu reportedly [tried] to persuade ozawa , his main ally and patron , not to give up the secretary-general 's post ( which he had held since august 1989 when kaifu became prime minister — see p. 36850 ) .

During his visits Baker attempted , unsuccessfully , to arrange a regional Middle East peace conference .
during his visits baker [tried] , unsuccessfully , to arrange a regional middle east peace conference .

Bérégovoy said later that France had `` categorically refused `` to agree to a proposed statement on international debt which would have attempted to `` ring-fence `` recent US-sponsored Polish and Egyptian debt forgiveness settlements [ see pp .
bérégovoy said later that france had `` categorically refused `` to agree to a proposed statement on international debt which would have [tried] to `` ring-fence `` recent us-sponsored polish and egyptian debt forgiveness settlements [ see pp .

Nomura Securities , Nikko Securities , Daiwa Securities and Yamaichi Securities were accused by the national tax authorities of having attempted to conceal the fact that they had made compensation payments to certain large clients who had made losses after taking their investment advice .
nomura securities , nikko securities , daiwa securities and yamaichi securities were accused by the national tax authorities of having [tried] to conceal the fact that they had made compensation payments to certain large clients who had made losses after taking their investment advice .

He subsequently accused them of attempting to blackmail the government , and threatened to place their operations under military control if they attempted further action .
he subsequently accused them of attempting to blackmail the government , and threatened to place their operations under military control if they [tried] further action .

Kaifu 's Middle East visit — Attempted legislation to allow use of Self-Defence Force personnel abroad
kaifu 's middle east visit — [tried] legislation to allow use of self-defence force personnel abroad

Prince Sultan attempted on Oct. 22 to clarify the impression that he had suggested territorial concessions , reaffirming Saudi Arabia 's `` full comitment to Arab and international resolutions `` on the full and unconditional withdrawal of Iraqi forces from Kuwait and the reinstatement of the legitimate government there .
prince sultan [tried] on oct. 22 to clarify the impression that he had suggested territorial concessions , reaffirming saudi arabia 's `` full comitment to arab and international resolutions `` on the full and unconditional withdrawal of iraqi forces from kuwait and the reinstatement of the legitimate government there .

Attempted hijack
[tried] hijack

Attempted coup in Mindanao
[tried] coup in mindanao

The crisis erupted after the Gagauzes attempted to reinforce their August unilateral secession declaration by calling constituent elections for Oct. 28 to a `` Republic of Gagauzia `` Supreme Soviet .
the crisis erupted after the gagauzes [tried] to reinforce their august unilateral secession declaration by calling constituent elections for oct. 28 to a `` republic of gagauzia `` supreme soviet .

Serb and Montenegrin Federal Assembly delegates had attempted to block Mesic 's confirmation to the presidency .
serb and montenegrin federal assembly delegates had [tried] to block mesic 's confirmation to the presidency .

Radical deputies attempted unsuccessfully on Oct. 2 to postpone the elections by proposing a bill which would require the number of candidates to be at least twice the number of seats at issue .
radical deputies [tried] unsuccessfully on oct. 2 to postpone the elections by proposing a bill which would require the number of candidates to be at least twice the number of seats at issue .

On Jan. 5 , 1990 , Jawara pardoned nine prisoners with heavy sentences , including four imprisoned for high treason for their alleged role in an attempted 1981 coup [ see pp. 31165 ; 32957 ] .
on jan. 5 , 1990 , jawara pardoned nine prisoners with heavy sentences , including four imprisoned for high treason for their alleged role in an [tried] 1981 coup [ see pp. 31165 ; 32957 ] .

It announced on July 15 that an attempted coup had been foiled the previous night .
it announced on july 15 that an [tried] coup had been foiled the previous night .

The eagerness of senators to address voter anxiety over the current level of crime in advance of the 1992 elections was demonstrated by the manner in which both Democrats and Republicans attempted to claim credit for the anti-crime package .
the eagerness of senators to address voter anxiety over the current level of crime in advance of the 1992 elections was demonstrated by the manner in which both democrats and republicans [tried] to claim credit for the anti-crime package .

It was also discovered that Nomura and Nikko had lent money to a major gangster syndicate and had attempted to boost the value of shares held by the syndicate 's head .
it was also discovered that nomura and nikko had lent money to a major gangster syndicate and had [tried] to boost the value of shares held by the syndicate 's head .

It was alleged that the two men had improperly attempted to support the company 's share price after the revelation of its financial difficulties .
it was alleged that the two men had improperly [tried] to support the company 's share price after the revelation of its financial difficulties .

On July 3 a court in Koblenz sentenced Henning Beer to 6 @ 1/2 years ' imprisonment for attempted murder on several counts , involvement with explosives , serious robbery and membership of a terrorist organization .
on july 3 a court in koblenz sentenced henning beer to 6 @ 1/2 years ' imprisonment for [tried] murder on several counts , involvement with explosives , serious robbery and membership of a terrorist organization .

In a major speech delivered to the country on March 16 , Saddam attempted to counter the growing anti-government fervour by promising to institute major political reforms .
in a major speech delivered to the country on march 16 , saddam [tried] to counter the growing anti-government fervour by promising to institute major political reforms .

Those released on March 2 included military officers and civil servants who had been accused of taking advantage of the campaign for the December 1990 municipal elections to organize an attempted coup against the regime of President Moaouia Ould Sidi Mohamed Taya .
those released on march 2 included military officers and civil servants who had been accused of taking advantage of the campaign for the december 1990 municipal elections to organize an [tried] coup against the regime of president moaouia ould sidi mohamed taya .

While personal and household crimes fell , the report showed a rise in the number of assaults completed with injury , attempted robbery , and personal larceny .
while personal and household crimes fell , the report showed a rise in the number of assaults completed with injury , [tried] robbery , and personal larceny .

The unrest of March 1 occurred when the ethnic Serbian police reservists in the newly-declared `` Autonomous Region `` attempted to take formal control of the town and to disarm their ethnic Croatian colleagues , in accordance with a decision adopted by the Pakrac municipal authority on Feb. 22 .
the unrest of march 1 occurred when the ethnic serbian police reservists in the newly-declared `` autonomous region `` [tried] to take formal control of the town and to disarm their ethnic croatian colleagues , in accordance with a decision adopted by the pakrac municipal authority on feb. 22 .

Popper was given an additional 20-year sentence , to run concurrently , for 11 other attempted murders .
popper was given an additional 20-year sentence , to run concurrently , for 11 other [tried] murders .

Republican committee members attempted in an adversarial and prosecutorial manner to demolish Hill 's credibility when she appeared before them .
republican committee members [tried] in an adversarial and prosecutorial manner to demolish hill 's credibility when she appeared before them .

He had strongly opposed the attempted coup in August [ see p. 38370 ] .
he had strongly opposed the [tried] coup in august [ see p. 38370 ] .

In the first budget of the Movement for Multiparty Democracy government on Jan. 31 , Finance Minister Emmanuel Kasonde reiterated the government 's commitment to economic reform as he attempted to boost exports and reduce state expenditure .
in the first budget of the movement for multiparty democracy government on jan. 31 , finance minister emmanuel kasonde reiterated the government 's commitment to economic reform as he [tried] to boost exports and reduce state expenditure .

Important armed forces appointments made by Cédras included the reinstatement of former Col. Phillipe Biamby , who had been expelled from the army while commander of the Presidential Guard for allegedly participating in the attempted coup of April 1989 [ see p. 36586 ] , as Army Chief of Staff with the rank of brigadier-general , and the promotion of Col. Jean-Claude Duperval , a former Port-au-Prince police chief , to deputy army commander with the rank of major-general .
important armed forces appointments made by cédras included the reinstatement of former col. phillipe biamby , who had been expelled from the army while commander of the presidential guard for allegedly participating in the [tried] coup of april 1989 [ see p. 36586 ] , as army chief of staff with the rank of brigadier-general , and the promotion of col. jean-claude duperval , a former port-au-prince police chief , to deputy army commander with the rank of major-general .

Attempted military coup
[tried] military coup

Attempted cross-border protests
[tried] cross-border protests

In his first appearance since his attempted return from exile on Jan. 6 [ see p. 38731 ] , Gamsakhurdia held a press conference on Feb. 18 in Grozny , capital of the Russian autonomous republic of Chechen-Ingushetia .
in his first appearance since his [tried] return from exile on jan. 6 [ see p. 38731 ] , gamsakhurdia held a press conference on feb. 18 in grozny , capital of the russian autonomous republic of chechen-ingushetia .

Although Chamlong called for peaceful action to depose Suchinda , violence erupted in the evening as a group of demonstrators attempted to march on Government House .
although chamlong called for peaceful action to depose suchinda , violence erupted in the evening as a group of demonstrators [tried] to march on government house .

On May 13 the Senate unsuccessfully attempted to override the presidential veto ; its vote of 57:42 fell short of the required two-thirds majority .
on may 13 the senate unsuccessfully [tried] to override the presidential veto ; its vote of 57:42 fell short of the required two-thirds majority .

His removal , known to have been sanctioned by President Carlos Salinas de Gortari , followed a public uproar when he attempted to exonerate state and local officials after explosions in the sewers of the city of Guadalajara on April 22 had left 200 people dead and caused widespread devastation [ see p. 38859 ] .
his removal , known to have been sanctioned by president carlos salinas de gortari , followed a public uproar when he [tried] to exonerate state and local officials after explosions in the sewers of the city of guadalajara on april 22 had left 200 people dead and caused widespread devastation [ see p. 38859 ] .

The Egyptian press said that the armed men belonged to the Jihad and had attempted to take control of the mosque after driving out its imam .
the egyptian press said that the armed men belonged to the jihad and had [tried] to take control of the mosque after driving out its imam .

Col. Eduardo Herrera Hassan , a former chief of police , was arrested by United States troops on Dec. 5 following what the government of President Guillermo Endara Galimany described as an `` attempted coup `` .
col. eduardo herrera hassan , a former chief of police , was arrested by united states troops on dec. 5 following what the government of president guillermo endara galimany described as an `` [tried] coup `` .

An attempted Army rebellion in support of imprisoned former Col. Mohamed Alí Seineldin was crushed by loyalist forces on Dec. 3 .
an [tried] army rebellion in support of imprisoned former col. mohamed alí seineldin was crushed by loyalist forces on dec. 3 .

The military , hitherto reluctant to intervene in previous attempted coups , went on the offensive on this occasion after they were given a firm mandate from Menem for resolute action .
the military , hitherto reluctant to intervene in previous [tried] coups , went on the offensive on this occasion after they were given a firm mandate from menem for resolute action .

He attempted to use the union structures to guide developments , calling on Dec. 9 for a Congress of Peoples ' Deputies to be convened to discuss the Minsk agreement .
he [tried] to use the union structures to guide developments , calling on dec. 9 for a congress of peoples ' deputies to be convened to discuss the minsk agreement .

The action occurred after Palestinians had attempted to prevent the soldiers arresting three men who had been painting slogans on a wall .
the action occurred after palestinians had [tried] to prevent the soldiers arresting three men who had been painting slogans on a wall .

Balza , who put down the December 1990 rebellion by the right-wing carapintadas faction of the army [ see p. 37913 ] , declined to comment on former Col. Mohamed Ali Seineldin whose release from prison the attempted coup had been intended to force .
balza , who put down the december 1990 rebellion by the right-wing carapintadas faction of the army [ see p. 37913 ] , declined to comment on former col. mohamed ali seineldin whose release from prison the [tried] coup had been intended to force .

Since then he had run a foreign policy unit in Moscow , and had helped found the Democratic Reform Movement , which had attempted to unite democratic groups in opposition to the Communist Party [ see p. 38347 ] .
since then he had run a foreign policy unit in moscow , and had helped found the democratic reform movement , which had [tried] to unite democratic groups in opposition to the communist party [ see p. 38347 ] .

After the attempted coup in August , Foreign Ministry staff had requested Shevardnadze 's reinstatement [ see p. 38372 ] .
after the [tried] coup in august , foreign ministry staff had requested shevardnadze 's reinstatement [ see p. 38372 ] .

President Yeltsin began a three-day visit to Germany on Nov. 21 , his first visit abroad since the attempted coup .
president yeltsin began a three-day visit to germany on nov. 21 , his first visit abroad since the [tried] coup .

The authorities seemed to adopt a dual approach to the anniversary ; on the one hand they launched a massive security operation in the city and detained a number of potential trouble makers , but on the other hand they attempted to portray an image of leniency by releasing groups of pro-democracy activists who had been arrested in 1989 .
the authorities seemed to adopt a dual approach to the anniversary ; on the one hand they launched a massive security operation in the city and detained a number of potential trouble makers , but on the other hand they [tried] to portray an image of leniency by releasing groups of pro-democracy activists who had been arrested in 1989 .

The government attempted to address the problem with a complex package of restrictions designed to limit landholdings , particularly in the larger cities ; property taxes and capital gains tax were raised , while windfall gains from development projects were subject to heavy levies .
the government [tried] to address the problem with a complex package of restrictions designed to limit landholdings , particularly in the larger cities ; property taxes and capital gains tax were raised , while windfall gains from development projects were subject to heavy levies .

In early October 1990 the government attempted to restore confidence by announcing tougher regulations to limit the scope of the sort of corporate flamboyance which had characterized much of the 1980s .
in early october 1990 the government [tried] to restore confidence by announcing tougher regulations to limit the scope of the sort of corporate flamboyance which had characterized much of the 1980s .

On Oct. 15 the Reserve Bank of Australia attempted to counter collapsing confidence by cutting official interest rates by one percentage point to 13 per cent .
on oct. 15 the reserve bank of australia [tried] to counter collapsing confidence by cutting official interest rates by one percentage point to 13 per cent .

Attempted coup
[tried] coup

The intensification of attacks on the character of Clinton included fresh revelations that an uncle of his might have attempted to use his influence to prevent him from being drafted for service in Vietnam .
the intensification of attacks on the character of clinton included fresh revelations that an uncle of his might have [tried] to use his influence to prevent him from being drafted for service in vietnam .

With the ceasefire in operation , government troops attempted to restore order in Kabul by disarming mujaheddin fighters roaming the city .
with the ceasefire in operation , government troops [tried] to restore order in kabul by disarming mujaheddin fighters roaming the city .

Fujimori accused Gen. Salinas of having attempted to organize an unpublicised coup in July 1990 to prevent him from coming to office .
fujimori accused gen. salinas of having [tried] to organize an unpublicised coup in july 1990 to prevent him from coming to office .

Iskandarov 's Islamic coalition had survived an attempted coup in October by supporters of the former communist President Rakhmon Nabiyev , whose removal from power in September sparked off a smouldering civil war [ see pp .
iskandarov 's islamic coalition had survived an [tried] coup in october by supporters of the former communist president rakhmon nabiyev , whose removal from power in september sparked off a smouldering civil war [ see pp .

Gaidar Aliyev , chairman of the Nakhichevan Supreme Majlis ( Council ) , denounced the action of the fighters as an attempted coup .
gaidar aliyev , chairman of the nakhichevan supreme majlis ( council ) , denounced the action of the fighters as an [tried] coup .

Some reports suggested that it had survived what was described as the fourth attempted coup since Bashir took power from the government of Sadiq el-Mahdi in June 1989 [ see p. 36728 ] .
some reports suggested that it had survived what was described as the fourth [tried] coup since bashir took power from the government of sadiq el-mahdi in june 1989 [ see p. 36728 ] .

( By contrast , in April 1990 some journalists had questioned the regime 's claim of an alleged attempted coup , dismissing it as a pretext for action against suspected opponents — see p. 37367 . )
( by contrast , in april 1990 some journalists had questioned the regime 's claim of an alleged [tried] coup , dismissing it as a pretext for action against suspected opponents — see p. 37367 . )

Despite the presence of some 37,000 police in the capital , left-wing radicals attempted to disrupt the coronation .
despite the presence of some 37,000 police in the capital , left-wing radicals [tried] to disrupt the coronation .

The crisis leading to Lenihan 's dismissal arose in connection with reports that in January 1982 the Fianna Fáil leadership had attempted to persuade President Patrick Hillery by telephone to allow them to try to form a government without calling a general election .
the crisis leading to lenihan 's dismissal arose in connection with reports that in january 1982 the fianna fáil leadership had [tried] to persuade president patrick hillery by telephone to allow them to try to form a government without calling a general election .

On Nov. 22 a spokesman for the exiled Iraqi New Ummah Party claimed that he had been executed along with seven other officers for having attempted to depose Saddam Hussein .
on nov. 22 a spokesman for the exiled iraqi new ummah party claimed that he had been executed along with seven other officers for having [tried] to depose saddam hussein .

On the previous day , Nov. 24 , five Arab gunmen attempted a seaborne attack from Lebanon , but were all shot dead when their vessel was intercepted by an Israeli naval patrol vessel .
on the previous day , nov. 24 , five arab gunmen [tried] a seaborne attack from lebanon , but were all shot dead when their vessel was intercepted by an israeli naval patrol vessel .

President Mobutu Sese Seko , acting in defiance of the national conference ( in session since July 1991 — see pp. 38323 ; 38378 ) and of Prime Minister Etienne Tshisekedi ( elected in August — see p. 39039 ) , attempted on Dec. 1 to dissolve the government .
president mobutu sese seko , acting in defiance of the national conference ( in session since july 1991 — see pp. 38323 ; 38378 ) and of prime minister etienne tshisekedi ( elected in august — see p. 39039 ) , [tried] on dec. 1 to dissolve the government .

In his previous period in office Kang had initiated a joint venture law which had attempted to encourage Western investment in the North Korean economy .
in his previous period in office kang had initiated a joint venture law which had [tried] to encourage western investment in the north korean economy .

Pulatov had told the conference that he had been forced to live outside Uzbekistan since June for fear of repression , and he had accused the Uzbek authorities of political terror and the attempted destruction of the human rights movement in Uzbekistan .
pulatov had told the conference that he had been forced to live outside uzbekistan since june for fear of repression , and he had accused the uzbek authorities of political terror and the [tried] destruction of the human rights movement in uzbekistan .

On Dec. 22 a 19-year-old student , Petr Wollmuth , was arrested and charged with the attempted murder of Svoboda .
on dec. 22 a 19-year-old student , petr wollmuth , was arrested and charged with the [tried] murder of svoboda .

Leaflets , posters and graffiti were reported extolling the leader of the attempted coup , Lt.-Col. Hugo Chávez Frías , who continued to release public statements from the San Carlos garrison in northern Caracas .
leaflets , posters and graffiti were reported extolling the leader of the [tried] coup , lt.-col. hugo chávez frías , who continued to release public statements from the san carlos garrison in northern caracas .

In the port of Dürres on March 29 police again unsuccessfully attempted to disperse a crowd which had gathered in the hope of emigrating .
in the port of dürres on march 29 police again unsuccessfully [tried] to disperse a crowd which had gathered in the hope of emigrating .

On March 6 Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania attempted to raise the issue of the delay in the withdrawal of former Soviet troops from their territory [ see p. 38786 ] .
on march 6 estonia , latvia and lithuania [tried] to raise the issue of the delay in the withdrawal of former soviet troops from their territory [ see p. 38786 ] .

They were found guilty of murder and of illegal carrying of arms in connection with an incident near Tlemcen in July 1990 , when a guard was killed as they attempted to seize explosives from a quarry .
they were found guilty of murder and of illegal carrying of arms in connection with an incident near tlemcen in july 1990 , when a guard was killed as they [tried] to seize explosives from a quarry .

Gen. Asparukhov alleged that Mishev had attempted to set up a secret arms deal with Macedonia .
gen. asparukhov alleged that mishev had [tried] to set up a secret arms deal with macedonia .

While Yeltsin attempted to mobilise political support from the regions against the Supreme Soviet [ see above ] , a display of separatist militancy in speeches at the fourth Congress of the Confederation of Mountain Peoples of the Caucasus , in Grozny ( capital of Chechnia ) on Oct. 3-4 , raised the level of tension in relations with Moscow .
while yeltsin [tried] to mobilise political support from the regions against the supreme soviet [ see above ] , a display of separatist militancy in speeches at the fourth congress of the confederation of mountain peoples of the caucasus , in grozny ( capital of chechnia ) on oct. 3-4 , raised the level of tension in relations with moscow .

Najibullah attempted to flee the country , but was prevented from reaching Kabul airport by troops under the command of Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostam , an Uzbek militia leader previously deployed by the government against Pashtun mujaheddin groups , who had switched alliance to Masud .
najibullah [tried] to flee the country , but was prevented from reaching kabul airport by troops under the command of gen. abdul rashid dostam , an uzbek militia leader previously deployed by the government against pashtun mujaheddin groups , who had switched alliance to masud .

On April 22 , the second day of the picket , at lest 150 opponents of abortion were arrested as they attempted to breach police lines around the clinic .
on april 22 , the second day of the picket , at lest 150 opponents of abortion were arrested as they [tried] to breach police lines around the clinic .

Following the general election of March 22 ( which aimed to return the country to civilian rule ) a loose coalition of five pro-military parties headed by the air force-backed Samakkhi Tham had attempted to form a government [ see p. 38816 ] .
following the general election of march 22 ( which aimed to return the country to civilian rule ) a loose coalition of five pro-military parties headed by the air force-backed samakkhi tham had [tried] to form a government [ see p. 38816 ] .

Attempted coup in Chechnia
[tried] coup in chechnia

On April 20 the Higher Court of Justice overturned the December 1991 rulings of the Higher Military Court of Justice on members of the former Romanian Communist Party politburo ; the original sentences on manslaughter charges were cancelled and the charges , in connection with the suppression of the December 1989 uprising in Timisoara , were changed to complicity in or attempted `` aggravated murder `` ; sentences of up to 16 years in prison were handed down .
on april 20 the higher court of justice overturned the december 1991 rulings of the higher military court of justice on members of the former romanian communist party politburo ; the original sentences on manslaughter charges were cancelled and the charges , in connection with the suppression of the december 1989 uprising in timisoara , were changed to complicity in or [tried] `` aggravated murder `` ; sentences of up to 16 years in prison were handed down .

On the final day of the war thousands of disorganized Iraqi troops attempted to flee north through Basra but were unable to find a means to cross the Shatt-al-Arab waterway as all bridges had been destroyed by allied aircraft .
on the final day of the war thousands of disorganized iraqi troops [tried] to flee north through basra but were unable to find a means to cross the shatt-al-arab waterway as all bridges had been destroyed by allied aircraft .

Joshua Oupo Gqozo , survived a further attempted coup .
joshua oupo gqozo , survived a further [tried] coup .

The government , however , attempted to avert a threatened national teachers ' strike , by claiming that the emergency tax plan had raised enough revenues to increase their wages .
the government , however , [tried] to avert a threatened national teachers ' strike , by claiming that the emergency tax plan had raised enough revenues to increase their wages .

Report of attempted coup
report of [tried] coup

The Kaifu government attempted to win the support of the second-largest opposition party , Komeito , or Clean Government Party , which controlled sufficient seats in the upper house to ensure a pro-government majority .
the kaifu government [tried] to win the support of the second-largest opposition party , komeito , or clean government party , which controlled sufficient seats in the upper house to ensure a pro-government majority .

News reports in December indicating that there had been an attempted coup were subsequently dismissed by Jawara as groundless rumours .
news reports in december indicating that there had been an [tried] coup were subsequently dismissed by jawara as groundless rumours .

During 1990 the government attempted to deal with the economic consequences of massive Soviet immigration , which presented a more serious threat to the Israeli economy than the Gulf crisis .
during 1990 the government [tried] to deal with the economic consequences of massive soviet immigration , which presented a more serious threat to the israeli economy than the gulf crisis .

In constructing a scheme of work then the selection of content must be closely related to a judgement on the depth of coverage to be attempted .
in constructing a scheme of work then the selection of content must be closely related to a judgement on the depth of coverage to be [tried] .

In this way , the Commission has attempted to ensure a true regional dimension to state aid .
in this way , the commission has [tried] to ensure a true regional dimension to state aid .

The charge should be attempted theft or obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception .
the charge should be [tried] theft or obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception .

It can not therefore be attempted .
it can not therefore be [tried] .

An agreement to provide services will not suffice , and a charge of attempted obtaining should be used .
an agreement to provide services will not suffice , and a charge of [tried] obtaining should be used .

The crime is one aimed at stopping the accused from committing offences even before he has attempted to steal .
the crime is one aimed at stopping the accused from committing offences even before he has [tried] to steal .

He attempted to descend a steep staircase which had no handrail , whilst holding a small child by the hand .
he [tried] to descend a steep staircase which had no handrail , whilst holding a small child by the hand .

Where the defendant 's negligence has placed a person in danger and the plaintiff has attempted a rescue , the court will be slow to find the rescuer contributorily negligent .
where the defendant 's negligence has placed a person in danger and the plaintiff has [tried] a rescue , the court will be slow to find the rescuer contributorily negligent .

The defendant attempted to board a moving train .
the defendant [tried] to board a moving train .

The guard attempted to pull the defendant into the train but both fell out and the guard was injured .
the guard [tried] to pull the defendant into the train but both fell out and the guard was injured .

The Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 , s. 2 ( 3 ) will prevent any claim that Alan 's awareness of the attempted exclusion rendered him volens to the risk .
the unfair contract terms act 1977 , s. 2 ( 3 ) will prevent any claim that alan 's awareness of the [tried] exclusion rendered him volens to the risk .

In the Court of Appeal Lord Denning had attempted to qualify Bolam by saying that an error of clinical judgment was not necessarily negligence .
in the court of appeal lord denning had [tried] to qualify bolam by saying that an error of clinical judgment was not necessarily negligence .

The people of Worcestershire , displeased by royal taxation , rioted and killed two of the collectors , who had attempted to hide in a church tower .
the people of worcestershire , displeased by royal taxation , rioted and killed two of the collectors , who had [tried] to hide in a church tower .

There may also be a basis of fact , in a planned act of piety , behind the famous story of how Cnut attempted to turn back the waves and then used his failure to demonstrate to his followers the weakness of his power compared with that of the king of heaven .
there may also be a basis of fact , in a planned act of piety , behind the famous story of how cnut [tried] to turn back the waves and then used his failure to demonstrate to his followers the weakness of his power compared with that of the king of heaven .

Perhaps like Æthelred with Edward the Martyr , he attempted to disarm the opposition by making much of the saint himself .
perhaps like æthelred with edward the martyr , he [tried] to disarm the opposition by making much of the saint himself .

Rather than railing against American policy in Vietnam in 1966 – 67 , might he not have attempted to mediate a solution to the conflict ?
rather than railing against american policy in vietnam in 1966 – 67 , might he not have [tried] to mediate a solution to the conflict ?

Manufacturing workers were aware of this situation , and at times of dispute with their employers sometimes attempted to use it to gain support from the landed rate-payers who , correctly , believed that , compared with land , the assets of manufacturers were significantly under-assessed .
manufacturing workers were aware of this situation , and at times of dispute with their employers sometimes [tried] to use it to gain support from the landed rate-payers who , correctly , believed that , compared with land , the assets of manufacturers were significantly under-assessed .

Gravenor Henson , the leader of the Framework Knitters `` Union , regarded the existence of the acts as `` a tremendous millstone round the neck of the local artisan , which has depressed and debased him to the earth , every act which he has attempted every measure that he has devised to keep up or raise his wages , he has been told was illegal : the whole force of the civil power and influence of the district has been exerted against him because he was acting illegally `` .
gravenor henson , the leader of the framework knitters `` union , regarded the existence of the acts as `` a tremendous millstone round the neck of the local artisan , which has depressed and debased him to the earth , every act which he has [tried] every measure that he has devised to keep up or raise his wages , he has been told was illegal : the whole force of the civil power and influence of the district has been exerted against him because he was acting illegally `` .

The evaluation reported in this chapter attempted to quantify three aspects of Lexical Access 's performance : ( i ) success in identifying words , ( ii ) reasons for failure and ( iii ) contribution to the overall recognition process .
the evaluation reported in this chapter [tried] to quantify three aspects of lexical access 's performance : ( i ) success in identifying words , ( ii ) reasons for failure and ( iii ) contribution to the overall recognition process .

The infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing desire ( He wants , wishes , desires to leave ) , endeavour ( He tried , attempted , endeavoured to explain it to me ) , verbal command ( He asked , told , ordered , commanded them to open the door ) , requirement ( The law requires you to purchase a licence .
the infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing desire ( he wants , wishes , desires to leave ) , endeavour ( he tried , [tried] , endeavoured to explain it to me ) , verbal command ( he asked , told , ordered , commanded them to open the door ) , requirement ( the law requires you to purchase a licence .

In order to test the above conclusion Roderick et al attempted a survey of all unqualified mature students who entered universities in England in October 1976 .
in order to test the above conclusion roderick et al [tried] a survey of all unqualified mature students who entered universities in england in october 1976 .

In it Nietzsche attempted to illuminate Greek tragedy with a modern parallel , grand opera .
in it nietzsche [tried] to illuminate greek tragedy with a modern parallel , grand opera .

Intermittently throughout his long career , Wagner attempted to formulate his aspirations in prose .
intermittently throughout his long career , wagner [tried] to formulate his aspirations in prose .

His new art attempted to represent instead the underlying idea and so transcend the pseudo-reality — which is in fact precisely what traditional art , in its own way , had always done .
his new art [tried] to represent instead the underlying idea and so transcend the pseudo-reality — which is in fact precisely what traditional art , in its own way , had always done .

In an attempt to reduce the omnipresent `` miners ' lung `` had he not attempted to persuade the men to grow bushy moustaches which would , he reasoned , act as dust filters ?
in an attempt to reduce the omnipresent `` miners ' lung `` had he not [tried] to persuade the men to grow bushy moustaches which would , he reasoned , act as dust filters ?

An attempted coup in August was frustrated by the timorous behaviour of the Abuna , who stayed away from a crucial meeting .
an [tried] coup in august was frustrated by the timorous behaviour of the abuna , who stayed away from a crucial meeting .

They told us of exciting events that had taken place in the valley below their house the previous year , the result of an attempted coup by Ras Hailu , the hereditary ruler of Gojjam .
they told us of exciting events that had taken place in the valley below their house the previous year , the result of an [tried] coup by ras hailu , the hereditary ruler of gojjam .

Out-numbered , the two revenue men attempted to contact the Venturous with their portable radios for assistance , but as so often happens they had no success , and were forced to act on their own initiative .
out-numbered , the two revenue men [tried] to contact the venturous with their portable radios for assistance , but as so often happens they had no success , and were forced to act on their own initiative .

Various techniques to promote reflux while imaging have been attempted , such as abdominal cuffing , in which a binder is placed over the abdomen and the pressure is increased by inflating it with air .
various techniques to promote reflux while imaging have been [tried] , such as abdominal cuffing , in which a binder is placed over the abdomen and the pressure is increased by inflating it with air .

Only a few manometric studies have attempted to characterise the motility patterns associated with mass movements .
only a few manometric studies have [tried] to characterise the motility patterns associated with mass movements .

Recorded data in the earlier series was incomplete and no analysis was attempted .
recorded data in the earlier series was incomplete and no analysis was [tried] .

Previous authors have attempted to convert the measured ionised calcium activity to the substance concentration of free calcium .
previous authors have [tried] to convert the measured ionised calcium activity to the substance concentration of free calcium .

Selective cannulation of the biliary and/or pancreatic duct was attempted in all patients .
selective cannulation of the biliary and/or pancreatic duct was [tried] in all patients .

The review was undertaken by one of two research fellows who attempted to be as objective as possible .
the review was undertaken by one of two research fellows who [tried] to be as objective as possible .

The age at attempted follow up was 9.9 ( 2.8 ) years with a range of 6 to 16 years , this was 6.9 ( 2.7 ) years with a range of 3 to 12 years after the initial evaluation .
the age at [tried] follow up was 9.9 ( 2.8 ) years with a range of 6 to 16 years , this was 6.9 ( 2.7 ) years with a range of 3 to 12 years after the initial evaluation .

Several investigators have attempted to culture biliary cells but the methods described have tended to be complicated and difficult to apply .
several investigators have [tried] to culture biliary cells but the methods described have tended to be complicated and difficult to apply .

The major question , which can not be answered until treatment has been attempted , is whether success would only result in preserving what function remains or whether the epithelial cells could reconstitute and resore function to damaged areas of the lung and gut .
the major question , which can not be answered until treatment has been [tried] , is whether success would only result in preserving what function remains or whether the epithelial cells could reconstitute and resore function to damaged areas of the lung and gut .

We attempted to avoid this bias by offering endoscopy to every asthmatic patient regardless of the presence or absence of reflux symptoms .
we [tried] to avoid this bias by offering endoscopy to every asthmatic patient regardless of the presence or absence of reflux symptoms .

It was not attempted to correct the estimated prevalences for the under registration of ulcer drug users by probably 10 % .
it was not [tried] to correct the estimated prevalences for the under registration of ulcer drug users by probably 10 % .

Several investigators have attempted to define the portal venous and hepatic arterial contributions to total liver blood flow by non-invasive means including ultrasound and radionuclide angiography .
several investigators have [tried] to define the portal venous and hepatic arterial contributions to total liver blood flow by non-invasive means including ultrasound and radionuclide angiography .

We have also attempted to set down priorities for the Council .
we have also [tried] to set down priorities for the council .

Jeffrey Archer bravely attempted to remonstrate .
jeffrey archer bravely [tried] to remonstrate .

In 1979 Marsh published a study which attempted to assess the price effects of rights issues and consequently the semi-strong efficiency of the London Stock Exchange .
in 1979 marsh published a study which [tried] to assess the price effects of rights issues and consequently the semi-strong efficiency of the london stock exchange .

They attempted to demonstrate that equity value is dependent on the success or failure of the firm 's investment policies rather than any deliberate policy concerning dividends .
they [tried] to demonstrate that equity value is dependent on the success or failure of the firm 's investment policies rather than any deliberate policy concerning dividends .

Elton and Gruber attempted to measure clientele effects by measuring the extent to which share prices fell when they went ex-dividend .
elton and gruber [tried] to measure clientele effects by measuring the extent to which share prices fell when they went ex-dividend .

To this end the Bank attempted to use the reorganization of the Stock Exchange to introduce further competition into the methods by which government debt was sold .
to this end the bank [tried] to use the reorganization of the stock exchange to introduce further competition into the methods by which government debt was sold .

Had John Dorahy not rashly attempted a dropped goal on the first tackle in the closing stages , the Second Division side might have found themselves in the final .
had john dorahy not rashly [tried] a dropped goal on the first tackle in the closing stages , the second division side might have found themselves in the final .

He admitted eight robberies between May and July and asked for two others and six attempted robberies to be taken into consideration .
he admitted eight robberies between may and july and asked for two others and six [tried] robberies to be taken into consideration .

Mr Marsh was so incensed by the attempted prosecution that he took out a summons to obtain his costs , and yesterday at a brief hearing in the High Court the Attorney General agreed to pay his costs and not to take any further action on the matter .
mr marsh was so incensed by the [tried] prosecution that he took out a summons to obtain his costs , and yesterday at a brief hearing in the high court the attorney general agreed to pay his costs and not to take any further action on the matter .

The New Republic controversy is about prohibition : of the use of drugs which , though extended to all , essentially affect only the few ; and now an attempted prohibition of the very discussion of the issues involved .
the new republic controversy is about prohibition : of the use of drugs which , though extended to all , essentially affect only the few ; and now an [tried] prohibition of the very discussion of the issues involved .

Last week Judge Charles Richey attempted to bar the public from the proceedings as a further security measure , but he was overruled by a higher court .
last week judge charles richey [tried] to bar the public from the proceedings as a further security measure , but he was overruled by a higher court .

Since 1965 , when the Communist party of Indonesia was blamed for an attempted coup and banned , and hundreds of thousands of communists were killed or sent to prison , the legal instrument most often used to curb political offences has been the Anti-Subversion Law .
since 1965 , when the communist party of indonesia was blamed for an [tried] coup and banned , and hundreds of thousands of communists were killed or sent to prison , the legal instrument most often used to curb political offences has been the anti-subversion law .

As the Earl of Leicester is now dead , in whose keeping the King was by reason of the disturbance in the realm , and now by the favour of God the King is snatched out of his hands and raised again to his former estate , whereby with the common consent of the realm the King has caused all things attempted by the Earl for the diminution of the King 's right , honour and royal dignity to be revoked ; and whereas the forests north of Trent , which before the war in the time of the Earl were preserved whole and uninjured , have been disafforested and destroyed to the King 's disherison , the King commands the said Roger to re-afforest all the forests in his bailiwick as they were … before the war ; and if any part thereof ought of right to be disafforested , the King is prepared to do full justice .
as the earl of leicester is now dead , in whose keeping the king was by reason of the disturbance in the realm , and now by the favour of god the king is snatched out of his hands and raised again to his former estate , whereby with the common consent of the realm the king has caused all things [tried] by the earl for the diminution of the king 's right , honour and royal dignity to be revoked ; and whereas the forests north of trent , which before the war in the time of the earl were preserved whole and uninjured , have been disafforested and destroyed to the king 's disherison , the king commands the said roger to re-afforest all the forests in his bailiwick as they were … before the war ; and if any part thereof ought of right to be disafforested , the king is prepared to do full justice .

‘ Riots , robberies and forcible entries were prevalent ’ , and ‘ the enforcement of law under such conditions was scarcely attempted .
‘ riots , robberies and forcible entries were prevalent ’ , and ‘ the enforcement of law under such conditions was scarcely [tried] .

On 1st July 1916 at 7.30 a.m. , to the sound of exploding mines and a massive artillery barrage , British and Commonwealth forces attempted to storm these low hills around Thiepval .
on 1st july 1916 at 7.30 a.m. , to the sound of exploding mines and a massive artillery barrage , british and commonwealth forces [tried] to storm these low hills around thiepval .

No one had ever climbed it , or even attempted it .
no one had ever climbed it , or even [tried] it .

The Colonel attempted to place a reassuring arm around Miss Danziger 's shoulder . ‘ Are you fully recovered ? ’
the colonel [tried] to place a reassuring arm around miss danziger 's shoulder . ‘ are you fully recovered ? ’

‘ The Book of Legends contains descriptions of all the acts of heroism that our island people have attempted .
‘ the book of legends contains descriptions of all the acts of heroism that our island people have [tried] .

‘ Another man might 've attempted to expose Bo-Bo to herself .
‘ another man might 've [tried] to expose bo-bo to herself .

Since there was never anything at all gratuitously coarse or vulgar about Karajan 's music-making , it is true that he never attempted to graft on to a score like Verdi 's Falstaff additional jokes or belly-laughs .
since there was never anything at all gratuitously coarse or vulgar about karajan 's music-making , it is true that he never [tried] to graft on to a score like verdi 's falstaff additional jokes or belly-laughs .

‘ Accident or attempted murder ? ’ Doone asked , apparently seeking a considered answer .
‘ accident or [tried] murder ? ’ doone asked , apparently seeking a considered answer .

Men of genius — Dante , Leonardo , Milton , Blake , Turner , Wagner , for example — have attempted to punch holes in the box or to replace it by a stack of boxes .
men of genius — dante , leonardo , milton , blake , turner , wagner , for example — have [tried] to punch holes in the box or to replace it by a stack of boxes .

Duchamp and Man Ray attempted to anaesthetise judgement and choice when exhibiting found objects .
duchamp and man ray [tried] to anaesthetise judgement and choice when exhibiting found objects .

At various times , the Unionist government attempted to curb such displays either by banning marches or by re-routeing them through areas with the same politics as the marchers .
at various times , the unionist government [tried] to curb such displays either by banning marches or by re-routeing them through areas with the same politics as the marchers .

When he walked in the stable door accompanied by his usual aroma , the foal fastened her ears to the back of her neck and attempted to attack him with feet and teeth !
when he walked in the stable door accompanied by his usual aroma , the foal fastened her ears to the back of her neck and [tried] to attack him with feet and teeth !

However , she never once attempted to nibble at her daily offering of oats in all the eight weeks she spent at the stud .
however , she never once [tried] to nibble at her daily offering of oats in all the eight weeks she spent at the stud .

Remember that suicide only stopped being a crime in 1956 and until then people were imprisoned if they were found to have attempted suicide .
remember that suicide only stopped being a crime in 1956 and until then people were imprisoned if they were found to have [tried] suicide .

Many clearly accepted the propaganda version of events and , even if they had begun to have their doubts about Hitler , regarded the plot as a sacrilegious and treasonable act against the head of State , and an attempted sabotage of the war effort .
many clearly accepted the propaganda version of events and , even if they had begun to have their doubts about hitler , regarded the plot as a sacrilegious and treasonable act against the head of state , and an [tried] sabotage of the war effort .

Once more among his Party faithful in Nuremberg in September 1938 , his proclamation contained the usual cliché about the infant Nazi Party beginning the fight against the greatest enemy threatening the German people , international Jewry , and a few days later , still at the Party Rally , he attempted to justify Germany 's attempts to rid itself of its Jews by the stereotype reference to an over-populated country .
once more among his party faithful in nuremberg in september 1938 , his proclamation contained the usual cliché about the infant nazi party beginning the fight against the greatest enemy threatening the german people , international jewry , and a few days later , still at the party rally , he [tried] to justify germany 's attempts to rid itself of its jews by the stereotype reference to an over-populated country .

Methodically , meticulously , he studied every aspect of Kylie 's talent and music before committing himself to what would have been one of the most ambitious projects even he had attempted .
methodically , meticulously , he studied every aspect of kylie 's talent and music before committing himself to what would have been one of the most ambitious projects even he had [tried] .

He attempted to plead insanity , but did it so effectively that they concluded he must be sane .
he [tried] to plead insanity , but did it so effectively that they concluded he must be sane .

Whatever their basis in nefarious dealings , misunderstood intelligence , or dreams , noble things were being attempted , and if they came off the world would have cause to be grateful .
whatever their basis in nefarious dealings , misunderstood intelligence , or dreams , noble things were being [tried] , and if they came off the world would have cause to be grateful .

The grandest idea of all , however , was never attempted , even though , according to North , Reagan had thought it ‘ great ’ .
the grandest idea of all , however , was never [tried] , even though , according to north , reagan had thought it ‘ great ’ .

About this time Zuwaya shaikhs and cadres attempted a reconciliation among Zuwaya sections : they held an assembly of shaikhs in Ajdabiya , including Zuwaya from Sebha and Tripolitania .
about this time zuwaya shaikhs and cadres [tried] a reconciliation among zuwaya sections : they held an assembly of shaikhs in ajdabiya , including zuwaya from sebha and tripolitania .

Zuwaya , while claiming freedom from ( irksome ) control for themselves , exercised it over others : they had slaves and they also attempted to tax the inhabitants of Awjla and Jalu .
zuwaya , while claiming freedom from ( irksome ) control for themselves , exercised it over others : they had slaves and they also [tried] to tax the inhabitants of awjla and jalu .

Smaller men , less exceptionally prolific and successful , attempted similar control of their sons .
smaller men , less exceptionally prolific and successful , [tried] similar control of their sons .

Disputes , sabotage , mutinies and attempted coups arose from political or ideological disagreements , from resentment at allocation of funds and procurement policies , and from military reluctance to follow aggressive policies against other countries .
disputes , sabotage , mutinies and [tried] coups arose from political or ideological disagreements , from resentment at allocation of funds and procurement policies , and from military reluctance to follow aggressive policies against other countries .

Zambia attempted a smile .
zambia [tried] a smile .

He had decided to get Leila to put the girl under trance before they attempted any experimentation .
he had decided to get leila to put the girl under trance before they [tried] any experimentation .

On reaching Arcady , he 'd attempted to call Zambia 's old apartment and had explained himself to the woman who now lived there .
on reaching arcady , he 'd [tried] to call zambia 's old apartment and had explained himself to the woman who now lived there .

Sean Hick , 31 , and Paul Hughes , 28 , were accused of the murder of Major Michael Dillon-Lee in Dortmund on June 2 , 1990 , and the attempted murder of a guard at the British Army 's Langenhagen Barracks , near Hanover , on May 4 , 1990 .
sean hick , 31 , and paul hughes , 28 , were accused of the murder of major michael dillon-lee in dortmund on june 2 , 1990 , and the [tried] murder of a guard at the british army 's langenhagen barracks , near hanover , on may 4 , 1990 .

The University of California at Santa Barbara first attempted to headhunt Prof Cheetham , who had been at Oxford University for 26 years , in 1989 .
the university of california at santa barbara first [tried] to headhunt prof cheetham , who had been at oxford university for 26 years , in 1989 .

He is refreshingly straightforward and forthright , embarrassing Labour 's image makers who attempted to keep him in the background as much as possible during the election campaign .
he is refreshingly straightforward and forthright , embarrassing labour 's image makers who [tried] to keep him in the background as much as possible during the election campaign .

But while the famous fences satisfied almost everybody , the fact has to be faced that , of 71 horses who attempted the seven conventional birch obstacles of the Mildmay course , 17 fell .
but while the famous fences satisfied almost everybody , the fact has to be faced that , of 71 horses who [tried] the seven conventional birch obstacles of the mildmay course , 17 fell .

After two days of trying , however , the shares remained unsold last night and stockbrokers Hoare Govett have the problem of starting their attempted placing all over again this morning in the knowledge that if it can not be done today , holidays prevent them trying again until Tuesday .
after two days of trying , however , the shares remained unsold last night and stockbrokers hoare govett have the problem of starting their [tried] placing all over again this morning in the knowledge that if it can not be done today , holidays prevent them trying again until tuesday .

He attempted to restore his reputation in the Champion Stakes , but the sparkle had gone and he was beaten a length and a half by Lorenzaccio .
he [tried] to restore his reputation in the champion stakes , but the sparkle had gone and he was beaten a length and a half by lorenzaccio .

The head of a smart high-street men 's shop attempted to tell me why corduroys are superior to blue jeans .
the head of a smart high-street men 's shop [tried] to tell me why corduroys are superior to blue jeans .

But an agreement evidenced by writing and for value , to confer an interest in land , is specifically enforceable in equity , and an attempted disposition for value by unsealed writing will be treated as equivalent to such an agreement .
but an agreement evidenced by writing and for value , to confer an interest in land , is specifically enforceable in equity , and an [tried] disposition for value by unsealed writing will be treated as equivalent to such an agreement .

It won the latest by-election , to replace a respected minister killed in the attempted coup , in a middle-class suburb of the kind Mr Robinson once fared best in .
it won the latest by-election , to replace a respected minister killed in the [tried] coup , in a middle-class suburb of the kind mr robinson once fared best in .

It was one of the first recipes that my husband attempted in his bachelor days .
it was one of the first recipes that my husband [tried] in his bachelor days .

This group 's theory of salvation attempted to incorporate Christ into their concept of God , but it was at a formidable price — he was just one of a number of divine beings in the pantheon .
this group 's theory of salvation [tried] to incorporate christ into their concept of god , but it was at a formidable price — he was just one of a number of divine beings in the pantheon .

No one attempted to rebuild it , and the house soon reverted to being a farmhouse , as which it appeared in the film of Thomas Hardy 's Far from the Madding Crowd .
no one [tried] to rebuild it , and the house soon reverted to being a farmhouse , as which it appeared in the film of thomas hardy 's far from the madding crowd .

The centre-piece of the first mini-drama in Kingston was Mike Gatting 's exploding nose as he missed an attempted hook off Marshall .
the centre-piece of the first mini-drama in kingston was mike gatting 's exploding nose as he missed an [tried] hook off marshall .

He remembers hearing it said that each man in one gang at least vowed to kill or disable the keepers if they attempted to thwart their attacks on the game .
he remembers hearing it said that each man in one gang at least vowed to kill or disable the keepers if they [tried] to thwart their attacks on the game .

After the 1986 Hindawi affair ( which involved the attempted bombing by a Syrian agent of an El Al jet in London ) , senior Foreign Office men were opposed to breaking diplomatic links with Syria ; Mrs Thatcher insisted .
after the 1986 hindawi affair ( which involved the [tried] bombing by a syrian agent of an el al jet in london ) , senior foreign office men were opposed to breaking diplomatic links with syria ; mrs thatcher insisted .

This latest coup was attempted not by officers anxious to vindicate the army 's honour , but by disgruntled sergeants and corporals , most of them too young to have taken part in the dirty war .
this latest coup was [tried] not by officers anxious to vindicate the army 's honour , but by disgruntled sergeants and corporals , most of them too young to have taken part in the dirty war .

Object-oriented systems keep track of the qualities of quantities , and complain about attempted daftness .
object-oriented systems keep track of the qualities of quantities , and complain about [tried] daftness .

Juan Ponce Enrile believes he is in with a chance , despite being charged last year with rebellion in connection with an attempted coup .
juan ponce enrile believes he is in with a chance , despite being charged last year with rebellion in connection with an [tried] coup .

Cover-ups are still attempted .
cover-ups are still [tried] .

Hoodlums hired by virtually all parties use arms and muscle at election time , partly to capture polling booths , partly to repel attempted captures by rival parties .
hoodlums hired by virtually all parties use arms and muscle at election time , partly to capture polling booths , partly to repel [tried] captures by rival parties .

Two weeks ago the battle spread to Gerdi Jangel in Pakistan , as his rivals attempted to bomb his processing network .
two weeks ago the battle spread to gerdi jangel in pakistan , as his rivals [tried] to bomb his processing network .

Akundzadeh has recently attempted to make political use of his opium business .
akundzadeh has recently [tried] to make political use of his opium business .

One leading international charity attempted a crop substitution project just across the border in Nangrahar province .
one leading international charity [tried] a crop substitution project just across the border in nangrahar province .

Mr Perelman previously attempted to buy a stake in Salomon Brothers , which rejected his approach .
mr perelman previously [tried] to buy a stake in salomon brothers , which rejected his approach .

Stanley 's took the lead after two minutes with an opportunist try by Mullin , when Porta 's attempted drop goal rebounded from a post .
stanley 's took the lead after two minutes with an opportunist try by mullin , when porta 's [tried] drop goal rebounded from a post .

And then there was Devonshire , who at least attempted to get West Ham going .
and then there was devonshire , who at least [tried] to get west ham going .

It was not a motor-driven electronically tuned performance ( like a recent one by Salonen and the Philharmonia ) but one which attempted to penetrate the mysteries of the slower sections , above all those at the beginning of the second part , and one which was thoughtful enough to seem to come to its violent conclusion in spite of itself .
it was not a motor-driven electronically tuned performance ( like a recent one by salonen and the philharmonia ) but one which [tried] to penetrate the mysteries of the slower sections , above all those at the beginning of the second part , and one which was thoughtful enough to seem to come to its violent conclusion in spite of itself .

Most such nonsense has sunk without trace — though the odd bubbles will keep rising to the surface , especially since the invention of educational ( as opposed to clinical ) dyslexia , when many well-meaning teachers have attempted to devise schemes of their own to help slow learners .
most such nonsense has sunk without trace — though the odd bubbles will keep rising to the surface , especially since the invention of educational ( as opposed to clinical ) dyslexia , when many well-meaning teachers have [tried] to devise schemes of their own to help slow learners .

Just as he will not tolerate questions about his private life , so he will also go ballistic if bureacrats attempt to meddle in his creative decisions — something which Pierre Berge ( the chairman of Yves Saint Laurent ) found out when he became superintendent of Paris 's opera houses in 1988 and attempted to take Barenboim on over the conductor 's directorship of the new Opera-Bastille .
just as he will not tolerate questions about his private life , so he will also go ballistic if bureacrats attempt to meddle in his creative decisions — something which pierre berge ( the chairman of yves saint laurent ) found out when he became superintendent of paris 's opera houses in 1988 and [tried] to take barenboim on over the conductor 's directorship of the new opera-bastille .

Even more foolishly , the besotted adolescent attempted to extend the relationship , and chased Byron to Geneva .
even more foolishly , the besotted adolescent [tried] to extend the relationship , and chased byron to geneva .

So far , three production companies claim to have bought the rights to subjects ranging from the ‘ Third Man ’ scandal of Kim Philby to the assassination of Leon Trotsky , the Cuban Missile Crisis and the attempted assassination of Winston Churchill during a Second World War summit in Teheran .
so far , three production companies claim to have bought the rights to subjects ranging from the ‘ third man ’ scandal of kim philby to the assassination of leon trotsky , the cuban missile crisis and the [tried] assassination of winston churchill during a second world war summit in teheran .

As Mansell , 38 , attempted to overtake , Senna moved wide to his left as he took the racing line in approach to the corner , forcing the Englishman to career wide and then off the circuit .
as mansell , 38 , [tried] to overtake , senna moved wide to his left as he took the racing line in approach to the corner , forcing the englishman to career wide and then off the circuit .

At all events , he attempted comebacks twice , in 1982 and 1984 ; they failed to ‘ take ’ .
at all events , he [tried] comebacks twice , in 1982 and 1984 ; they failed to ‘ take ’ .

Parry had attempted a quick drop-out from his 22 but the kick was charged down by Boobyer .
parry had [tried] a quick drop-out from his 22 but the kick was charged down by boobyer .

Brundle , running sixth on lap 29 , attempted to pass Alesi , but the Frenchman sharply ‘ closed the door ’ on the downward spiral from the first corner , and both cars span off .
brundle , running sixth on lap 29 , [tried] to pass alesi , but the frenchman sharply ‘ closed the door ’ on the downward spiral from the first corner , and both cars span off .

Instead of aiming to the left , where his forwards were lined up , Parry attempted to deceive the Llanelli defence by taking a quick drop-out .
instead of aiming to the left , where his forwards were lined up , parry [tried] to deceive the llanelli defence by taking a quick drop-out .

It succeeded at first , but Party Politics ' breathing was still impaired and a second , much more difficult ‘ tie-back ’ operation had to be attempted .
it succeeded at first , but party politics ' breathing was still impaired and a second , much more difficult ‘ tie-back ’ operation had to be [tried] .

The attempted sale has not impressed residents , the Open Spaces Society , Hampshire County Council or Basingstoke and Deane District Council .
the [tried] sale has not impressed residents , the open spaces society , hampshire county council or basingstoke and deane district council .

To hell with the gringo brain behind the attempted take-over .
to hell with the gringo brain behind the [tried] take-over .

In Britain the Forestry Commission has attempted to relate variations in tree health to … slope , ruggedness of the site , altitude , and also to derived climatic and pollution data .
in britain the forestry commission has [tried] to relate variations in tree health to … slope , ruggedness of the site , altitude , and also to derived climatic and pollution data .

Mr Crangle had attempted all kinds of schemes to catch the creature .
mr crangle had [tried] all kinds of schemes to catch the creature .

Subsequent theories ( notably the work of Herzberg ( 1974 ) ) have attempted to overcome these problems .
subsequent theories ( notably the work of herzberg ( 1974 ) ) have [tried] to overcome these problems .

Systematic investigation of the authenticity of the names and of their etymology has not been attempted , although the orthography has been brought up-to-date .
systematic investigation of the authenticity of the names and of their etymology has not been [tried] , although the orthography has been brought up-to-date .

The focusing of consciousness often appears to be concerned with the attempted resolution of unfinished business .
the focusing of consciousness often appears to be concerned with the [tried] resolution of unfinished business .

Some researchers , Sarah Smilanski in particular ( 1968 ) , have attempted to show that some underprivileged children can not engage in play , but lack of concentration is a symptom not a cause .
some researchers , sarah smilanski in particular ( 1968 ) , have [tried] to show that some underprivileged children can not engage in play , but lack of concentration is a symptom not a cause .

It would have been far more threatening to have attempted a simulation of a ‘ round the graveside ’ dramatic playing .
it would have been far more threatening to have [tried] a simulation of a ‘ round the graveside ’ dramatic playing .

That said , some progress , stumbling or not , must be attempted .
that said , some progress , stumbling or not , must be [tried] .

The first trend is the movement within the philosophy of religion away from the Cartesian view that if God existed some proof of His existence must be capable of being set out , in the way that Descartes himself attempted to set it out .
the first trend is the movement within the philosophy of religion away from the cartesian view that if god existed some proof of his existence must be capable of being set out , in the way that descartes himself [tried] to set it out .

Where the latter have rejected other gods in favour of the one they wish to follow , the former has attempted to assimilate the many gods in which it believes into a single Deity who stands behind them as their ground .
where the latter have rejected other gods in favour of the one they wish to follow , the former has [tried] to assimilate the many gods in which it believes into a single deity who stands behind them as their ground .

This is what philosophers of religion have attempted to explore in their complex analyses of existence .
this is what philosophers of religion have [tried] to explore in their complex analyses of existence .

In what ways , then , have philosophers of religion attempted to combine personal and impersonal imagery in order to represent the divine nature ? One particular attempt needs to be examined carefully .
in what ways , then , have philosophers of religion [tried] to combine personal and impersonal imagery in order to represent the divine nature ? one particular attempt needs to be examined carefully .

6 . Theft or attempted theft , except for loss or damage :
6 . theft or [tried] theft , except for loss or damage :

No matter who else gets out of their depth or loses track of what is being attempted , you at least must retain a clear view of the task .
no matter who else gets out of their depth or loses track of what is being [tried] , you at least must retain a clear view of the task .

After a minor accident in Oxfordshire , a man in his 50 's attempted to leave his damaged car .
after a minor accident in oxfordshire , a man in his 50 's [tried] to leave his damaged car .

To the church 's credit it has never seriously attempted to rewrite this side of its history .
to the church 's credit it has never seriously [tried] to rewrite this side of its history .

Never having read a word of Norse ( Old Icelandic ) before , Lewis plunged in and attempted a few lines of Laxdaela Saga .
never having read a word of norse ( old icelandic ) before , lewis plunged in and [tried] a few lines of laxdaela saga .

Not even John Milton 's imagination had attempted such a theme .
not even john milton 's imagination had [tried] such a theme .

Elsewhere , filmmakers attempted to substitute frenetic drama for intense conflict .
elsewhere , filmmakers [tried] to substitute frenetic drama for intense conflict .

She knew there 'd be no chance indoors — George never attempted even the smallest job about the house .
she knew there 'd be no chance indoors — george never [tried] even the smallest job about the house .

Since taking over as Brazil 's manager on 6 January , Sebastiano Lazaroni has attempted to pull off a transformation that has hitherto seemed impossible in Brazilian football .
since taking over as brazil 's manager on 6 january , sebastiano lazaroni has [tried] to pull off a transformation that has hitherto seemed impossible in brazilian football .

The United pilots ' union had attempted unsuccessfully to finance a similar bid a year ago when the airline was trading at less than half the final sale price .
the united pilots ' union had [tried] unsuccessfully to finance a similar bid a year ago when the airline was trading at less than half the final sale price .

What goal is being attempted ?
what goal is being [tried] ?

He was found guilty of conspiracy to murder but not guilty of attempted murder .
he was found guilty of conspiracy to murder but not guilty of [tried] murder .

To ensure the successful flotation of all 10 , the Government has attempted to gloss over differences and has reconstructed the authorities financially to make them seem equally attractive .
to ensure the successful flotation of all 10 , the government has [tried] to gloss over differences and has reconstructed the authorities financially to make them seem equally attractive .

During a shift when the men considered that very little was happening , they responded to calls concerning a house fire and an attempted break-in , calls to check on the whereabouts of a pensioner who had not been seen by a neighbour for a few days , a request to pick up and transport a prisoner , and a call to move on some youths .
during a shift when the men considered that very little was happening , they responded to calls concerning a house fire and an [tried] break-in , calls to check on the whereabouts of a pensioner who had not been seen by a neighbour for a few days , a request to pick up and transport a prisoner , and a call to move on some youths .

In recent years the British Government has attempted to extradite terrorist suspects from Belgium and The Netherlands after they had been discovered by British intelligence .
in recent years the british government has [tried] to extradite terrorist suspects from belgium and the netherlands after they had been discovered by british intelligence .

Those demands were voiced repeatedly in the successive military rebellions that dogged President Alfonsin 's administration as dissatisfied military officers refused to accept the judgements that civil society attempted to impose on their conduct in the dictatorship .
those demands were voiced repeatedly in the successive military rebellions that dogged president alfonsin 's administration as dissatisfied military officers refused to accept the judgements that civil society [tried] to impose on their conduct in the dictatorship .

Nor will a history of art criticism be attempted .
nor will a history of art criticism be [tried] .

Bernini is evidently attempting to render something quite transcendental and something which had never been attempted by a sculptor before that date .
bernini is evidently attempting to render something quite transcendental and something which had never been [tried] by a sculptor before that date .

In those days quite a number of Diamond heights were attempted in large shower clouds and cumulo nimbus , whereas very few are flown today because of the unacceptable risks involved .
in those days quite a number of diamond heights were [tried] in large shower clouds and cumulo nimbus , whereas very few are flown today because of the unacceptable risks involved .

The routine should not be attempted by anyone with a heart condition or high blood pressure .
the routine should not be [tried] by anyone with a heart condition or high blood pressure .

It should be stressed that these increases should not be attempted unless you are finding the original routine fairly easy .
it should be stressed that these increases should not be [tried] unless you are finding the original routine fairly easy .

And yet there was a work of survival to be attempted in the camps .
and yet there was a work of survival to be [tried] in the camps .

This was not the first time that George had attempted a figurative animal sculpture .
this was not the first time that george had [tried] a figurative animal sculpture .

This operation is not to be attempted by novices .
this operation is not to be [tried] by novices .

However , speaking to Hot Press 's George Byrne at a later date , Johnny Marr attempted to dispel the controversy surrounding Gannon : ‘ Things were made out of the situation which we did n't intend .
however , speaking to hot press 's george byrne at a later date , johnny marr [tried] to dispel the controversy surrounding gannon : ‘ things were made out of the situation which we did n't intend .

Madge Allsop had just crept in like a beige dormouse and deposited a salver of tea , though Dame Edna had dismissed her with a beady look when she attempted to sit in our chat .
madge allsop had just crept in like a beige dormouse and deposited a salver of tea , though dame edna had dismissed her with a beady look when she [tried] to sit in our chat .

Last year 's crop of court cases at the Old Bailey reported in national newspapers included : a French master who had a store of pornographic photos of teenage pupils dating back ten years ; a religious education master who simulated sexual intercourse in front of his pupils ( the Old Bailey heard he had done this little party trick dozens of times at different schools ) ; a primary school teacher who was allowed to go on teaching after being found guilty of ‘ lewd , indecent and libidinous practices ’ against ten- and 11-year old boys ; and a music teacher in Sussex who had raped , attempted to rape and indecently assaulted hundreds of girls over many years .
last year 's crop of court cases at the old bailey reported in national newspapers included : a french master who had a store of pornographic photos of teenage pupils dating back ten years ; a religious education master who simulated sexual intercourse in front of his pupils ( the old bailey heard he had done this little party trick dozens of times at different schools ) ; a primary school teacher who was allowed to go on teaching after being found guilty of ‘ lewd , indecent and libidinous practices ’ against ten- and 11-year old boys ; and a music teacher in sussex who had raped , [tried] to rape and indecently assaulted hundreds of girls over many years .

One young man recently told me about his emotionally disturbed mother , who attempted suicide but succeeded only in permanently injuring herself .
one young man recently told me about his emotionally disturbed mother , who [tried] suicide but succeeded only in permanently injuring herself .

This monograph has attempted to review the more important aspects of the testing of product stability and product-container compatibility .
this monograph has [tried] to review the more important aspects of the testing of product stability and product-container compatibility .

It was Morgan 's handling of the attempted bank raid a few days earlier in Cardiff which turned the trick .
it was morgan 's handling of the [tried] bank raid a few days earlier in cardiff which turned the trick .

In suggesting ways in which the shifting structures of repetition and difference can be traced , what it has attempted to do is to open up some new contexts , both theoretical and institutional , in which texts and genres can be thought , and to reopen some old points of difficulty which still serve as sticking-points against the slide into accommodation .
in suggesting ways in which the shifting structures of repetition and difference can be traced , what it has [tried] to do is to open up some new contexts , both theoretical and institutional , in which texts and genres can be thought , and to reopen some old points of difficulty which still serve as sticking-points against the slide into accommodation .

Interviews with the director ( in City Limits and Time Out ) and reviews in film journals further emphasized aesthetic merits and attempted to place the film within an artistic-cinematic canon — dare one mention the greatest of all directors , Bresson ?
interviews with the director ( in city limits and time out ) and reviews in film journals further emphasized aesthetic merits and [tried] to place the film within an artistic-cinematic canon — dare one mention the greatest of all directors , bresson ?

Chemists had attempted to synthesize quinine for the previous hundred years ( see Chapter 2 ) but all they had achieved was to discover the extreme complexity of the problem .
chemists had [tried] to synthesize quinine for the previous hundred years ( see chapter 2 ) but all they had achieved was to discover the extreme complexity of the problem .

Arriving at the edge of the quay , Fitzroy Maclean attempted to inflate it , only to discover that it had a puncture .
arriving at the edge of the quay , fitzroy maclean [tried] to inflate it , only to discover that it had a puncture .

The colonial powers , and later the imperial powers , have disrupted the lives of hundreds of nations , denied or attempted to wipe out their cultures , exploited their natural resources and imposed alien rule on them .
the colonial powers , and later the imperial powers , have disrupted the lives of hundreds of nations , denied or [tried] to wipe out their cultures , exploited their natural resources and imposed alien rule on them .

Grey areas still remain , however , and the Takeover Panel has now attempted to clear one of those concerned with the current fashion for buy-outs .
grey areas still remain , however , and the takeover panel has now [tried] to clear one of those concerned with the current fashion for buy-outs .

Then an attempted entry to a local authority hairdressing course went embarrassingly wrong ; it finished with Mrs Finni having to spell out her daughter 's handicap to students and a flustered teacher who eventually refused to accept responsibility for a girl who could never be left alone in the classroom .
then an [tried] entry to a local authority hairdressing course went embarrassingly wrong ; it finished with mrs finni having to spell out her daughter 's handicap to students and a flustered teacher who eventually refused to accept responsibility for a girl who could never be left alone in the classroom .

He was also found guilty of attempted murder in a bombing in Amsterdam on September 30 , 1985 .
he was also found guilty of [tried] murder in a bombing in amsterdam on september 30 , 1985 .

Brian Mulroney 's Conservative government in Ottawa has imposed , through an order-in-council subject to no legislative scrutiny whatever , what is probably the greatest single cutback in public transport attempted anywhere .
brian mulroney 's conservative government in ottawa has imposed , through an order-in-council subject to no legislative scrutiny whatever , what is probably the greatest single cutback in public transport [tried] anywhere .

Sandy Lyle was slightly unlucky that that second shot ran off the green into a depression called Duncan 's Hollow , and definitely unlucky that his third shot , which he attempted to finesse , failed by a fraction and ran back to the edge of the green .
sandy lyle was slightly unlucky that that second shot ran off the green into a depression called duncan 's hollow , and definitely unlucky that his third shot , which he [tried] to finesse , failed by a fraction and ran back to the edge of the green .

After attacking the Foreign Secretary , he began shouting at Mr Hurd again and again as Mr Hurd attempted to reply .
after attacking the foreign secretary , he began shouting at mr hurd again and again as mr hurd [tried] to reply .

But Laughton says the situation is ridiculous , claiming that the League was aware of Tuavao five weeks ago when Widnes attempted to have their hooker , the Australian Phil McKenzie , reclassed as a non-overseas player .
but laughton says the situation is ridiculous , claiming that the league was aware of tuavao five weeks ago when widnes [tried] to have their hooker , the australian phil mckenzie , reclassed as a non-overseas player .

Earlier this week police struggled with thousands of workers who attempted to enter the parliament to shouts of ‘ give us bread ’ .
earlier this week police struggled with thousands of workers who [tried] to enter the parliament to shouts of ‘ give us bread ’ .

At last , out of the silence , Moran noticed McQuaid 's glass was empty and attempted to pour him more whiskey .
at last , out of the silence , moran noticed mcquaid 's glass was empty and [tried] to pour him more whiskey .

She neither yielded to him nor attempted to pull away .
she neither yielded to him nor [tried] to pull away .

In 1939 , after several years of study , the Conservative government attempted to reorganize the rather inefficient operation of the two airlines and to encourage more competition .
in 1939 , after several years of study , the conservative government [tried] to reorganize the rather inefficient operation of the two airlines and to encourage more competition .

This is to describe the ‘ legion of leagues ’ from the top down , identifying them as part of a new ‘ technique of rule ’ through which the Conservative party attempted to confront a new form of politics and a novel political threat .
this is to describe the ‘ legion of leagues ’ from the top down , identifying them as part of a new ‘ technique of rule ’ through which the conservative party [tried] to confront a new form of politics and a novel political threat .

While accepting that wage cuts were theoretically advisable , Keynes at first argued that they should only be attempted as a last resort , after all other remedies had failed .
while accepting that wage cuts were theoretically advisable , keynes at first argued that they should only be [tried] as a last resort , after all other remedies had failed .

Only one child , a Sikh girl of ten , had attempted to say non-Christian prayers in school .
only one child , a sikh girl of ten , had [tried] to say non-christian prayers in school .

So it began to be asserted that this was a social service , and that there was something inherently reasonable and even laudable about subsidising the price of rented house-room — though how it could be reasonable or laudable to reduce by arbitrary and locally varying amounts the rents of an arbitrarily selected minority of families who have no common economic or other characteristic , is something which no one to this day has attempted to explain .
so it began to be asserted that this was a social service , and that there was something inherently reasonable and even laudable about subsidising the price of rented house-room — though how it could be reasonable or laudable to reduce by arbitrary and locally varying amounts the rents of an arbitrarily selected minority of families who have no common economic or other characteristic , is something which no one to this day has [tried] to explain .

This , and the multiplication of that half-breed known as ministers of state , is a product of a political inflation which even the present Government has not attempted to control .
this , and the multiplication of that half-breed known as ministers of state , is a product of a political inflation which even the present government has not [tried] to control .

What is impressive is that the failure of all that was so busily constructed , attempted and imagined , was not merely predictable but predicted .
what is impressive is that the failure of all that was so busily constructed , [tried] and imagined , was not merely predictable but predicted .

Even the washing hanging from the tenement windows seemed to be fluttering a welcome as we all struggled to our feet , pushing and shoving , as we attempted to get our packs on our backs , at the same time trying to get a clear view of the platform and the hundreds of people watching the train pull in .
even the washing hanging from the tenement windows seemed to be fluttering a welcome as we all struggled to our feet , pushing and shoving , as we [tried] to get our packs on our backs , at the same time trying to get a clear view of the platform and the hundreds of people watching the train pull in .

What is obscured by this process is that it was through clothing , in both art and life , that Kahlo attempted to redress the wrongs of history .
what is obscured by this process is that it was through clothing , in both art and life , that kahlo [tried] to redress the wrongs of history .

The attempted coup was eventually suppressed by the loyal Army command .
the [tried] coup was eventually suppressed by the loyal army command .

While Cameroun 's economic activity returned to normal within a few months , the experience of the three attempted coups , and particularly of the last , undermined the sense of renewal which Paul Biya 's elevation to the presidency had achieved .
while cameroun 's economic activity returned to normal within a few months , the experience of the three [tried] coups , and particularly of the last , undermined the sense of renewal which paul biya 's elevation to the presidency had achieved .

The main new initiative attempted by Callaghan was the dispatch of the much-respected former Cabinet minister , Cledwyn Hughes , to southern Africa in 1978 , partly to facilitate a continuing rapport with the Carter administration in Washington on relations with the illegal Smith regime .
the main new initiative [tried] by callaghan was the dispatch of the much-respected former cabinet minister , cledwyn hughes , to southern africa in 1978 , partly to facilitate a continuing rapport with the carter administration in washington on relations with the illegal smith regime .

Her relations with both her Foreign Secretary and Chancellor of the Exchequer became somewhat cool , not least because she attempted to run both foreign and financial policy herself .
her relations with both her foreign secretary and chancellor of the exchequer became somewhat cool , not least because she [tried] to run both foreign and financial policy herself .

The press reflected the living culture of the people ; it could influence opinion and reinforce existing attitudes but it did not create new forms of entertainment and rarely attempted to alter the habits or loyalties of its readership .
the press reflected the living culture of the people ; it could influence opinion and reinforce existing attitudes but it did not create new forms of entertainment and rarely [tried] to alter the habits or loyalties of its readership .

Social psychologists have attempted to pin it down using video recordings , ‘ participant/observer ’ reports , and interviews with hooligans .
social psychologists have [tried] to pin it down using video recordings , ‘ participant/observer ’ reports , and interviews with hooligans .

Stoke and Coventry have attempted to bring back families into the game with a ‘ Lads and Dads ’ programme .
stoke and coventry have [tried] to bring back families into the game with a ‘ lads and dads ’ programme .

If a savage element persists , it is the modern savagery of the Blitz which , physically , as a firewatcher , Eliot attempted to assuage .
if a savage element persists , it is the modern savagery of the blitz which , physically , as a firewatcher , eliot [tried] to assuage .

The cases where Prime Ministers have tried to bypass the Cabinet on a major policy or acted without clear Cabinet support , as for example Neville Chamberlain 's foreign policy in 1937 — 9 or Mr Wilson 's attempted trade union reform in 1969 , may have reinforced the principle .
the cases where prime ministers have tried to bypass the cabinet on a major policy or acted without clear cabinet support , as for example neville chamberlain 's foreign policy in 1937 — 9 or mr wilson 's [tried] trade union reform in 1969 , may have reinforced the principle .

This has been coupled with policies for a ‘ strong ’ state in defence and law and order , and more centralized control over local government spending and over secondary and higher education than any previous government has attempted .
this has been coupled with policies for a ‘ strong ’ state in defence and law and order , and more centralized control over local government spending and over secondary and higher education than any previous government has [tried] .

Some commentators on the left take a more explicitly political view of the central-local government trends since 1979 and suggest that they are part of a deliberate larger attempted restructuring of relations between state and society .
some commentators on the left take a more explicitly political view of the central-local government trends since 1979 and suggest that they are part of a deliberate larger [tried] restructuring of relations between state and society .

Such critics have attempted to conceive or represent the other in a way which does not replicate the repression and subjugation inherent in the traditional ways of so doing ( p. 58 ) .
such critics have [tried] to conceive or represent the other in a way which does not replicate the repression and subjugation inherent in the traditional ways of so doing ( p. 58 ) .

Right or wrong they have simply attempted to state the facts .
right or wrong they have simply [tried] to state the facts .

At the same time as he was engaged in more political work , Marx attempted to rewrite the history of mankind for the use of the oppressed , so that they would be able to understand the nature of the oppression to which they were subjected , and how it had come about .
at the same time as he was engaged in more political work , marx [tried] to rewrite the history of mankind for the use of the oppressed , so that they would be able to understand the nature of the oppression to which they were subjected , and how it had come about .

Society produces ideas and values in a complex historical way which Marx and other Marxists have attempted to define .
society produces ideas and values in a complex historical way which marx and other marxists have [tried] to define .

It was a long book which attempted to define Marx 's and Engels 's position vis-à-vis a whole range of contemporary socialist philosophers .
it was a long book which [tried] to define marx 's and engels 's position vis-à-vis a whole range of contemporary socialist philosophers .

These were the tasks first attempted in The German Ideology .
these were the tasks first [tried] in the german ideology .

Tory councillors attempted a similar move 18 months ago , but gave it up after a panel reported that any reorganisation would cause 10 years of disruption .
tory councillors [tried] a similar move 18 months ago , but gave it up after a panel reported that any reorganisation would cause 10 years of disruption .

Townshend is most famous for beating his guitar against speaker stacks , but it is also worth remembering that , on stage at The Ricky Tick Club , Windsor , in May 1966 , he attempted the same stunt against the head of Keith Moon .
townshend is most famous for beating his guitar against speaker stacks , but it is also worth remembering that , on stage at the ricky tick club , windsor , in may 1966 , he [tried] the same stunt against the head of keith moon .

More often than not , each melodic line stands perfectly well by itself , and hearing it thus at least lends something of the sense of familiarity and recognition that the thirteenth-century literati might have enjoyed if they attempted to disentangle aurally the separate strands of the motet .
more often than not , each melodic line stands perfectly well by itself , and hearing it thus at least lends something of the sense of familiarity and recognition that the thirteenth-century literati might have enjoyed if they [tried] to disentangle aurally the separate strands of the motet .

The West German newspaper Bild Zeitung cited East Berlin sources as saying 3,000 people had been imprisoned for attempted ‘ flight from the Republic ’ .
the west german newspaper bild zeitung cited east berlin sources as saying 3,000 people had been imprisoned for [tried] ‘ flight from the republic ’ .

Not too many recent books have specifically attempted to provide an introduction to the interpretation of the spectra produced by the title techniques when applied to inorganic compounds .
not too many recent books have specifically [tried] to provide an introduction to the interpretation of the spectra produced by the title techniques when applied to inorganic compounds .

He had no better luck when he went to Hollywood in the Seventies and attempted ( unsuccessfully ) to produce a number of intriguing projects , including a cinema version of Ian Gibson 's book on the death of Garca Lorca , to have been directed by Francesco Rosi , director of Christ Stopped at Eboli .
he had no better luck when he went to hollywood in the seventies and [tried] ( unsuccessfully ) to produce a number of intriguing projects , including a cinema version of ian gibson 's book on the death of garca lorca , to have been directed by francesco rosi , director of christ stopped at eboli .

While Howard attempted to organise his straggling , two-mile-long column into a cohesive attacking force , he came under fire from twenty-four snipers organised by Toohoolhoolzote .
while howard [tried] to organise his straggling , two-mile-long column into a cohesive attacking force , he came under fire from twenty-four snipers organised by toohoolhoolzote .

Confidence was a major factor in deciding whether a job was attempted and how well the job was carried out .
confidence was a major factor in deciding whether a job was [tried] and how well the job was carried out .

Ghulam Farouq Yaqubi , head of the Khad secret police , killed himself after learning of the President 's attempted escape , government officials added .
ghulam farouq yaqubi , head of the khad secret police , killed himself after learning of the president 's [tried] escape , government officials added .

There are a number of examples of effective group and cooperative production organisations in rural Europe , but they are not well known , and are often isolated experiments whose replication has not been attempted or has failed .
there are a number of examples of effective group and cooperative production organisations in rural europe , but they are not well known , and are often isolated experiments whose replication has not been [tried] or has failed .

Those who have attempted empirical mapping of the prevalence of different organizational types ( Challis and Ferlie , 1986 , 1987 ; Cypher , 1980 ; Howe , 1980 , 1986 ) have charted the increasing emergence of a process of specialization , characterized by Cypher as ‘ specialization by stealth ’ , and often accompanied by some hierarchical classification of both client and worker .
those who have [tried] empirical mapping of the prevalence of different organizational types ( challis and ferlie , 1986 , 1987 ; cypher , 1980 ; howe , 1980 , 1986 ) have charted the increasing emergence of a process of specialization , characterized by cypher as ‘ specialization by stealth ’ , and often accompanied by some hierarchical classification of both client and worker .

Comment is perhaps easier on a more general level than that attempted above .
comment is perhaps easier on a more general level than that [tried] above .

This is not so much an attribute but a requirement since , as we shall see later , it is essential for any of the more complicated techniques to be attempted .
this is not so much an attribute but a requirement since , as we shall see later , it is essential for any of the more complicated techniques to be [tried] .

Two courses of action to remedy the situation are therefore being attempted .
two courses of action to remedy the situation are therefore being [tried] .

It dawned on Nutty , reading the programme ( ‘ Start 9 am prompt ’ ) that they had none of them attempted to do the four parts of the competition all on the same day , and she wondered bitterly if she would still be conscious when the results were announced .
it dawned on nutty , reading the programme ( ‘ start 9 am prompt ’ ) that they had none of them [tried] to do the four parts of the competition all on the same day , and she wondered bitterly if she would still be conscious when the results were announced .

The priest may be black or white , fair or dark , old or young , good-looking or ugly , male or female … for the priest is a symbol , which is quite different from a picture — the representation attempted by an artist .
the priest may be black or white , fair or dark , old or young , good-looking or ugly , male or female … for the priest is a symbol , which is quite different from a picture — the representation [tried] by an artist .

Since the early 1970s it has attempted to raise the level of the less developed republics and provinces ( Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Kosovo , and Macedonia ) by heavily subsidized loans from a special fund financed by the other republics and provinces , in 1987 at the rate of 1.56 per cent of their social product .
since the early 1970s it has [tried] to raise the level of the less developed republics and provinces ( bosnia and herzegovina , montenegro , kosovo , and macedonia ) by heavily subsidized loans from a special fund financed by the other republics and provinces , in 1987 at the rate of 1.56 per cent of their social product .

Others have attempted to silence themselves , by entering convents , marrying for a ‘ cure ’ .
others have [tried] to silence themselves , by entering convents , marrying for a ‘ cure ’ .

De Beauvoir 's lifelong habit of keeping her emotions under ‘ constant , rigid control ’ is seen to have its origins in the repressive upbringing that her mother attempted to impose .
de beauvoir 's lifelong habit of keeping her emotions under ‘ constant , rigid control ’ is seen to have its origins in the repressive upbringing that her mother [tried] to impose .

After repeated complaints , the head attempted to lodge a final warning on his record .
after repeated complaints , the head [tried] to lodge a final warning on his record .

Yesterday , having recovered sufficiently to return to his hotel , he attempted to withdraw from international judo by offering his resignation .
yesterday , having recovered sufficiently to return to his hotel , he [tried] to withdraw from international judo by offering his resignation .

Director Roger Mills even retained a quip from Alan Whicker ( whom the presenter consulted ) about a Bernard Levin series in which the pretence of solitude was attempted .
director roger mills even retained a quip from alan whicker ( whom the presenter consulted ) about a bernard levin series in which the pretence of solitude was [tried] .

Mr Ke said Whitehall had ‘ connived ’ with a ‘ handful ’ of Hong Kong people who attempted to sabotage and overthrow the Chinese government .
mr ke said whitehall had ‘ connived ’ with a ‘ handful ’ of hong kong people who [tried] to sabotage and overthrow the chinese government .

Suicide and attempted suicide ceased to be a crime when the Suicide Act 1961 became law , in recognition of the right to self-determination , but there remains an offence of aiding , abetting , counselling , or procuring the suicide of another which carries a maximum penalty of fourteen years ' imprisonment .
suicide and [tried] suicide ceased to be a crime when the suicide act 1961 became law , in recognition of the right to self-determination , but there remains an offence of aiding , abetting , counselling , or procuring the suicide of another which carries a maximum penalty of fourteen years ' imprisonment .

( a ) Attempted Murder
( a ) [tried] murder

If we were to construct a ‘ ladder ’ of non-fatal offences , starting with the most serious and moving down to the least serious , the offence of attempted murder should be placed at the top .
if we were to construct a ‘ ladder ’ of non-fatal offences , starting with the most serious and moving down to the least serious , the offence of [tried] murder should be placed at the top .

There is an immediate paradox here though : attempted murder may not involve the infliction of any harm at all , since a person who shoots at another and misses may still be held guilty of attempted murder .
there is an immediate paradox here though : [tried] murder may not involve the infliction of any harm at all , since a person who shoots at another and misses may still be held guilty of [tried] murder .

The fault element for attempted murder is therefore high — higher than for murder , under English law , since murder may be committed by someone who merely intended to cause really serious injury and not death .
the fault element for [tried] murder is therefore high — higher than for murder , under english law , since murder may be committed by someone who merely intended to cause really serious injury and not death .

An intention to kill must be proved in order to convict someone of attempted murder .
an intention to kill must be proved in order to convict someone of [tried] murder .

One is assault with intent to rob , which , like robbery , carries a maximum of life imprisonment : it is , in effect , an offence of attempted robbery .
one is assault with intent to rob , which , like robbery , carries a maximum of life imprisonment : it is , in effect , an offence of [tried] robbery .

However , the Court of Appeal has now attempted to rectify the anomaly by holding that the prosecution must prove intention or recklessness as to physical harm , not as to a mere assault .
however , the court of appeal has now [tried] to rectify the anomaly by holding that the prosecution must prove intention or recklessness as to physical harm , not as to a mere assault .

Much attention has been focused on the concept of ‘ reasonable excuse ’ , where the courts have attempted to impose a fairly stringent test on persons whose reason for carrying a weapon is said to be fear of attack .
much attention has been focused on the concept of ‘ reasonable excuse ’ , where the courts have [tried] to impose a fairly stringent test on persons whose reason for carrying a weapon is said to be fear of attack .

The Committee proposed three major offences in the field between attempted murder and common assault : causing serious injury with intent to cause serious injury ; causing serious injury recklessly ; and causing injury either with intent or recklessly .
the committee proposed three major offences in the field between [tried] murder and common assault : causing serious injury with intent to cause serious injury ; causing serious injury recklessly ; and causing injury either with intent or recklessly .

The structure of sexual offences in English criminal law places rape and buggery at the top of the ‘ ladder ’ , each carrying a maximum of life imprisonment , with the offences of attempted rape ( maximum penalty of life imprisonment ) and indecent assault ( maximum penalty of ten years ) beneath them .
the structure of sexual offences in english criminal law places rape and buggery at the top of the ‘ ladder ’ , each carrying a maximum of life imprisonment , with the offences of [tried] rape ( maximum penalty of life imprisonment ) and indecent assault ( maximum penalty of ten years ) beneath them .

Other kinds of sexual assault are classified in English law as buggery , attempted buggery or rape , or indecent assault , and there are also offences against young people and the mentally disordered .
other kinds of sexual assault are classified in english law as buggery , [tried] buggery or rape , or indecent assault , and there are also offences against young people and the mentally disordered .

( b ) Attempted Rape or Attempted Buggery
( b ) [tried] rape or [tried] buggery

If a defendant fulfils the requirements for the offence of rape or buggery but failed to achieve penetration , liability for attempted rape or attempted buggery may be possible .
if a defendant fulfils the requirements for the offence of rape or buggery but failed to achieve penetration , liability for [tried] rape or [tried] buggery may be possible .

According to Kings , David waged a six-month campaign against Edom , in which he attempted the slaughter of all adult males ( 1 Kings 11.15–17 ) .
according to kings , david waged a six-month campaign against edom , in which he [tried] the slaughter of all adult males ( 1 kings 11.15–17 ) .

Richard and Kathleen Titmuss attempted to assess the economic and social consequences of the changes they had noted . In dramatic form they suggested :
richard and kathleen titmuss [tried] to assess the economic and social consequences of the changes they had noted . in dramatic form they suggested :

They frequently attempted to reduce the basic wage of workers and to reduce the cost of living addition which had been paid throughout the war and in the immediate post-war years .
they frequently [tried] to reduce the basic wage of workers and to reduce the cost of living addition which had been paid throughout the war and in the immediate post-war years .

On the following day , the coal owners locked out those miners who would not work at lower rates of pay — of up to 49 per cent in the badly affected export area of South Wales — and attempted to suspend national agreements .
on the following day , the coal owners locked out those miners who would not work at lower rates of pay — of up to 49 per cent in the badly affected export area of south wales — and [tried] to suspend national agreements .

’ Turning to propaganda , the government attempted to open up the constitutional issues and the Home Secretary , Sir William Joynson-Hicks put the matter starkly , if exaggeratedly , when he commented , at a meeting on 2 August 1925 at Northampton that :
’ turning to propaganda , the government [tried] to open up the constitutional issues and the home secretary , sir william joynson-hicks put the matter starkly , if exaggeratedly , when he commented , at a meeting on 2 august 1925 at northampton that :

In addition , the pace of wage reduction fell and only one-eighth of the amount was taken off the weekly wage bill between 1930–3 as was taken from the net weekly wage bill for 192 1.47 Also , there was little to suggest that the pattern and the style of industrial relations was greatly altered by the General Strike : the number of workers on strike and the number of days of work lost were already declining well before 1926 and there was a rise of industrial militancy in the late 1920s and early 1930s as unions attempted to resist the further wage cuts being advocated by employers .
in addition , the pace of wage reduction fell and only one-eighth of the amount was taken off the weekly wage bill between 1930–3 as was taken from the net weekly wage bill for 192 1.47 also , there was little to suggest that the pattern and the style of industrial relations was greatly altered by the general strike : the number of workers on strike and the number of days of work lost were already declining well before 1926 and there was a rise of industrial militancy in the late 1920s and early 1930s as unions [tried] to resist the further wage cuts being advocated by employers .

During the rest of the inter-war period , and indeed ever since , Labour politicians and commentators have attempted to explain why Ramsay MacDonald ditched the second Labour government and formed a National Government .
during the rest of the inter-war period , and indeed ever since , labour politicians and commentators have [tried] to explain why ramsay macdonald ditched the second labour government and formed a national government .

Only David Lloyd George attempted to offer anything different , with his New Deal in 1935 .
only david lloyd george [tried] to offer anything different , with his new deal in 1935 .

Defeated at the 1935 Labour Party Conference , the Socialist League and Cripps attempted to forge an alliance with Tribune ( formed to further the ‘ united front ’ against fascism ) , the Communists and the Constituency Labour Party Association through a new , ‘ united front ’ campaign .
defeated at the 1935 labour party conference , the socialist league and cripps [tried] to forge an alliance with tribune ( formed to further the ‘ united front ’ against fascism ) , the communists and the constituency labour party association through a new , ‘ united front ’ campaign .

By and large , the mainstream of the Conservative Party attempted to ignore British fascism and to appease European fascism .
by and large , the mainstream of the conservative party [tried] to ignore british fascism and to appease european fascism .

If the Conservatives dismissed the British Union of Fascists without too much concern — and most could see no good political reasons for embracing the fascist faith — they could not dismiss the threat of European fascism so easily , and attempted to accommodate it instead .
if the conservatives dismissed the british union of fascists without too much concern — and most could see no good political reasons for embracing the fascist faith — they could not dismiss the threat of european fascism so easily , and [tried] to accommodate it instead .

The adpeople 's nostalgic remoulding of this period attempted to persuade Britain 's youth that it really was hankering for those wholesome , innocent , optimistic times when guys courted gals with dignity , respect and slick-back haircuts .
the adpeople 's nostalgic remoulding of this period [tried] to persuade britain 's youth that it really was hankering for those wholesome , innocent , optimistic times when guys courted gals with dignity , respect and slick-back haircuts .

He was followed by a head and a paw as the now enraged Rosie attempted to squeeze herself through the same opening .
he was followed by a head and a paw as the now enraged rosie [tried] to squeeze herself through the same opening .

He attempted to go to the bathroom , but found that his left leg would n't respond .
he [tried] to go to the bathroom , but found that his left leg would n't respond .

Police helmets could be seen bobbing above the crowd as a small corps of police officers attempted to force their way through to rescue Clasper from the hands of the mob .
police helmets could be seen bobbing above the crowd as a small corps of police officers [tried] to force their way through to rescue clasper from the hands of the mob .

Rather we have attempted to show the potential of analysis and technical studies to increase our knowledge of the past .
rather we have [tried] to show the potential of analysis and technical studies to increase our knowledge of the past .

Such claims in fact go back as far as 1926 , but it was with Thom 's careful measurement of many stone circles and alignments in Britain and Brittany that a scientific analysis of the problem could be attempted .
such claims in fact go back as far as 1926 , but it was with thom 's careful measurement of many stone circles and alignments in britain and brittany that a scientific analysis of the problem could be [tried] .

Others attempted to alter it , or to enforce it when land was left by the will to the children alone , rather than as more usually to the widow or the widow and children jointly .
others [tried] to alter it , or to enforce it when land was left by the will to the children alone , rather than as more usually to the widow or the widow and children jointly .

1981 : 100 ) , and the 1982 attempted coup , Tanganyika ( Young and Fosbrooke 1960 ; Coulson 1981 : 56 ) , Zambia ( Robinson 1978a : 32 ) ; and the Chipko movement against commercial logging companies in the Indian Himalayas ( Albert 1979 ; Lean 1981 ; and for peasant struggles in general , Cohen el al .
1981 : 100 ) , and the 1982 [tried] coup , tanganyika ( young and fosbrooke 1960 ; coulson 1981 : 56 ) , zambia ( robinson 1978a : 32 ) ; and the chipko movement against commercial logging companies in the indian himalayas ( albert 1979 ; lean 1981 ; and for peasant struggles in general , cohen el al .

Hong Kong , Hong Kong , Beats the Chinese Heart , a Viewpoint touring exhibition by Simon Buckley shows the mix of traditional and modern lifestyles in Hong Kong and looks at the how the Chinese community has attempted to recreate the atmosphere of Hong Kong in Manchester ( until 2 Mar ) .
hong kong , hong kong , beats the chinese heart , a viewpoint touring exhibition by simon buckley shows the mix of traditional and modern lifestyles in hong kong and looks at the how the chinese community has [tried] to recreate the atmosphere of hong kong in manchester ( until 2 mar ) .

Modernism attempted to contain the dark energies of historical nightmare within subtle structures and complex chronologies ; that is , by radicalizing form .
modernism [tried] to contain the dark energies of historical nightmare within subtle structures and complex chronologies ; that is , by radicalizing form .

One of his earliest pieces was a Western narrative which attempted to avoid the formulaic patterning of Louis L'Amour 's novels through parody .
one of his earliest pieces was a western narrative which [tried] to avoid the formulaic patterning of louis l'amour 's novels through parody .

During the 1970s , the critic and novelist Jean Ricardou attempted to foster a greater sense of group identity by bringing together Butor , Pinget , Robbe-Grillet , Sarraute , Simon and Claude Ollier at the famous Cerisy conference ( 1971 ) , in addition to organizing separate colloques devoted to Claude Simon ( 1974 ) and Robbe-Grillet ( 1975 ) ; however , his endeavour to formulate a theoretical programme met with greater resistance .
during the 1970s , the critic and novelist jean ricardou [tried] to foster a greater sense of group identity by bringing together butor , pinget , robbe-grillet , sarraute , simon and claude ollier at the famous cerisy conference ( 1971 ) , in addition to organizing separate colloques devoted to claude simon ( 1974 ) and robbe-grillet ( 1975 ) ; however , his endeavour to formulate a theoretical programme met with greater resistance .

He also attempted to import Tel Quel 's conviction , derived from semiotics , that the hors-texte did not exist .
he also [tried] to import tel quel 's conviction , derived from semiotics , that the hors-texte did not exist .

Mr Palomar can be read as a series of representations of the world , attempted reproductions and descriptions of the out-there being constantly modified in the light of new experience and new information .
mr palomar can be read as a series of representations of the world , [tried] reproductions and descriptions of the out-there being constantly modified in the light of new experience and new information .

Following the tumultuous events of 1955 — a revolution in Iraq , an attempted anti-Hashemite coup in Jordan and a short-lived civil war in Lebanon — the United States began to view Israel as its most stable friend in the region and a strategic asset against Soviet expansionism .
following the tumultuous events of 1955 — a revolution in iraq , an [tried] anti-hashemite coup in jordan and a short-lived civil war in lebanon — the united states began to view israel as its most stable friend in the region and a strategic asset against soviet expansionism .

Three days later army elements , apparently with the knowledge of the outgoing government , attempted an unsuccessful coup d'état .
three days later army elements , apparently with the knowledge of the outgoing government , [tried] an unsuccessful coup d'état .

Immediately after the war the Muslim religious leadership and then the communists and leftists , as a National Guidance Committee , attempted to organize a political resistance together .
immediately after the war the muslim religious leadership and then the communists and leftists , as a national guidance committee , [tried] to organize a political resistance together .

Some of the crowd attempted to strike up with ‘ We shall overcome ’ but they were interrupted by a police loudspeaker announcement , which was shouted down ; this was probably an order to disperse but very few could have heard it .
some of the crowd [tried] to strike up with ‘ we shall overcome ’ but they were interrupted by a police loudspeaker announcement , which was shouted down ; this was probably an order to disperse but very few could have heard it .

The present writer has attempted an analysis into five interconnecting elements ( Citizenship : The Civic Ideal in World History , Politics and Education ) .
the present writer has [tried] an analysis into five interconnecting elements ( citizenship : the civic ideal in world history , politics and education ) .

‘ It seemed a bit odd , but it was an attempted burglary on his premises and an assault on his body and we had to respect his wishes .
‘ it seemed a bit odd , but it was an [tried] burglary on his premises and an assault on his body and we had to respect his wishes .

Finland also attempted to shore up the markka with the appointment of a new woman central bank governor , Sirkka Haemaelaeinen , described by one banker as a ‘ market orientated tough egg ’ .
finland also [tried] to shore up the markka with the appointment of a new woman central bank governor , sirkka haemaelaeinen , described by one banker as a ‘ market orientated tough egg ’ .

The prudish Victorians attempted to divert attention from the overtly sexual nature of weddings and invented the cake as we now know and probably dislike it .
the prudish victorians [tried] to divert attention from the overtly sexual nature of weddings and invented the cake as we now know and probably dislike it .

Last December the government attempted to boost the housing market by scrapping stamp duty from most house purchases for the first eight months of this year .
last december the government [tried] to boost the housing market by scrapping stamp duty from most house purchases for the first eight months of this year .

Amid the smouldering ruins of a cluster of Muslim homes which suffered 24 hours of bombardment by Serbian forces in the surrounding hills , a Yugoslav Army colonel attempted to persuade assembled journalists , militiamen and villagers that his units were not involved .
amid the smouldering ruins of a cluster of muslim homes which suffered 24 hours of bombardment by serbian forces in the surrounding hills , a yugoslav army colonel [tried] to persuade assembled journalists , militiamen and villagers that his units were not involved .

And at the end , after twelve cancelled variants in one short paragraph , a single sentence , itself the third attempt , tells us ‘ They would not let the orchestra go , and musicians who attempted to leave were beaten up ’ , which says all we need to know about the unstated ‘ Keep playing !
and at the end , after twelve cancelled variants in one short paragraph , a single sentence , itself the third attempt , tells us ‘ they would not let the orchestra go , and musicians who [tried] to leave were beaten up ’ , which says all we need to know about the unstated ‘ keep playing !

Makrong Chhish ( 6808m ) dominates the south side of the Hispar glacier in the Karakoram and has not been previously attempted .
makrong chhish ( 6808m ) dominates the south side of the hispar glacier in the karakoram and has not been previously [tried] .

Reynolds attempted it next and reached the Bower climbing from the bottom — alas only to be benighted and top-rope rescued .
reynolds [tried] it next and reached the bower climbing from the bottom — alas only to be benighted and top-rope rescued .

He cast off his home and his country because he was disgusted by its slovenliness of intellectual outlook , although he was certain ( with his gifts ) of success and reputation had he remained in his own land ; and he was wholly unknown and unsupported when he attempted to browbeat London .
he cast off his home and his country because he was disgusted by its slovenliness of intellectual outlook , although he was certain ( with his gifts ) of success and reputation had he remained in his own land ; and he was wholly unknown and unsupported when he [tried] to browbeat london .

And it is not insignificant that the quarterly of which he is the editor is the first British journal which has attempted to relate the British mind to the total European mind ; that has attempted a rational synthesis of the traditions of Roman culture ; that has , in a word , contemplated order .
and it is not insignificant that the quarterly of which he is the editor is the first british journal which has [tried] to relate the british mind to the total european mind ; that has [tried] a rational synthesis of the traditions of roman culture ; that has , in a word , contemplated order .

The disappointing slowness of the pitch allowed both openers to play Malcolm off the back foot , and therefore to drive his attempted yorkers .
the disappointing slowness of the pitch allowed both openers to play malcolm off the back foot , and therefore to drive his [tried] yorkers .

He got off the mark with an uppish straight drive for four , which might have given a less myopic bowler than Malcolm a return catch , and in Malcolm 's next over , he attempted a square slash which , if he had got an edge , might have prevented him ever setting foot in India again .
he got off the mark with an uppish straight drive for four , which might have given a less myopic bowler than malcolm a return catch , and in malcolm 's next over , he [tried] a square slash which , if he had got an edge , might have prevented him ever setting foot in india again .

The most we can get is convincing parallelisms between the two and the fact that some parallelisms are much more difficult than others and have hitherto not been attempted is no reason for denying that a choreographic genius like Massine has the right to attempt this .
the most we can get is convincing parallelisms between the two and the fact that some parallelisms are much more difficult than others and have hitherto not been [tried] is no reason for denying that a choreographic genius like massine has the right to attempt this .

Petipa attempted this in The Daughter of Pharaoh .
petipa [tried] this in the daughter of pharaoh .

Mounting discontent came to a head over a professional insurance scheme which Fimbra attempted to force on all its members .
mounting discontent came to a head over a professional insurance scheme which fimbra [tried] to force on all its members .

Even if it failed , the attempted takeover was remarkably well planned and executed .
even if it failed , the [tried] takeover was remarkably well planned and executed .

For years the government had attempted to dissolve the people and elect another .
for years the government had [tried] to dissolve the people and elect another .

Liverpool fretted and Villa scored , Ormondroyd touching on a Spink clearance via Daley to Olney , whose fierce shot burst through Grobbelaar 's attempted save .
liverpool fretted and villa scored , ormondroyd touching on a spink clearance via daley to olney , whose fierce shot burst through grobbelaar 's [tried] save .

The first time she attempted to climb onto the pole she failed , but succeeded the second .
the first time she [tried] to climb onto the pole she failed , but succeeded the second .

George attempted a nearly honest living as a part-time thespian , and also as a tutor to the children of wealthy clients .
george [tried] a nearly honest living as a part-time thespian , and also as a tutor to the children of wealthy clients .

Shill 's suggestion that his wife committed suicide was dashed by the evidence of Dr Norris , who insisted that most of the head injuries would have been impossible to achieve by someone attempting suicide and that , in the annals of crime , he had yet to hear of a case where a person attempted suicide by bashing his head with a flat iron .
shill 's suggestion that his wife committed suicide was dashed by the evidence of dr norris , who insisted that most of the head injuries would have been impossible to achieve by someone attempting suicide and that , in the annals of crime , he had yet to hear of a case where a person [tried] suicide by bashing his head with a flat iron .

While there Mozart attempted to arrange a concert , though his plans were delayed by one week .
while there mozart [tried] to arrange a concert , though his plans were delayed by one week .

Writing to her sister soon after the auction , Virginia was already depreciating her own aesthetic taste and attempted with a joke to pre-empt any criticism : ‘ Monk 's House will be perhaps the ugliest house in Sussex .
writing to her sister soon after the auction , virginia was already depreciating her own aesthetic taste and [tried] with a joke to pre-empt any criticism : ‘ monk 's house will be perhaps the ugliest house in sussex .

In August , 1981 , Dr Leonard Arthur , a 55 year old consultant paediatrician of Church Broughton stood trial for attempted murder .
in august , 1981 , dr leonard arthur , a 55 year old consultant paediatrician of church broughton stood trial for [tried] murder .

This initially resulted in the charge of murder being changed to attempted murder , with Professor Usher reluctantly forced to admit that his initial examination was inconclusive .
this initially resulted in the charge of murder being changed to [tried] murder , with professor usher reluctantly forced to admit that his initial examination was inconclusive .

‘ all babies have the right to be fed and cared for , except where there is an incurable deformity and where the baby would suffer pain and distress if feeding were attempted . ’
‘ all babies have the right to be fed and cared for , except where there is an incurable deformity and where the baby would suffer pain and distress if feeding were [tried] . ’

The Commission has , for example , been monitoring closely the various measures attempted by Birmingham City Council to bring its admissions policy into line with the House of Lords judgment in respect of its school admissions arrangements ( see Chapter 4 ) .
the commission has , for example , been monitoring closely the various measures [tried] by birmingham city council to bring its admissions policy into line with the house of lords judgment in respect of its school admissions arrangements ( see chapter 4 ) .

The British government attempted to extradite Bourke for his part in helping Blake escape but after a long legal wrangle this was rejected by the Irish courts .
the british government [tried] to extradite bourke for his part in helping blake escape but after a long legal wrangle this was rejected by the irish courts .

If that journalist had attempted to inspect any files relating to Crabb 's ‘ accident ’ he would either be told that no such files existed or , if they did , were classified in the interests of national security .
if that journalist had [tried] to inspect any files relating to crabb 's ‘ accident ’ he would either be told that no such files existed or , if they did , were classified in the interests of national security .

In 1981 and 1982 the group had visited the test site with their ship the Vega and on the last occasion had been attacked and arrested by the French Navy as they attempted to enter the 12-mile territorial limit .
in 1981 and 1982 the group had visited the test site with their ship the vega and on the last occasion had been attacked and arrested by the french navy as they [tried] to enter the 12-mile territorial limit .

Reference to Freemantle 's letter shows that although Philip and Anne Leapor both attempted to break their daughter of the habit of writing verses , toward the end of the poet 's life some accommodation was reached : ‘ But finding it impossible to alter her natural Inclination , [ her father ] had of late desisted and left her more at Liberty ’ [ vol .
reference to freemantle 's letter shows that although philip and anne leapor both [tried] to break their daughter of the habit of writing verses , toward the end of the poet 's life some accommodation was reached : ‘ but finding it impossible to alter her natural inclination , [ her father ] had of late desisted and left her more at liberty ’ [ vol .

Labouring poets who attempted a realistic description of work and social conditions helped to create a new literary response to social reality , a development most commonly associated with Goldsmith , Langhorne , Blake , Crabbe , and eventually Wordsworth .
labouring poets who [tried] a realistic description of work and social conditions helped to create a new literary response to social reality , a development most commonly associated with goldsmith , langhorne , blake , crabbe , and eventually wordsworth .

As soon as the area had been measured and surveyed , the work of cutting the new streets through the old teeming and tortuous maze of the centre had never before been attempted on such a scale , though Christopher Wren had made such a plan for 17th-century London .
as soon as the area had been measured and surveyed , the work of cutting the new streets through the old teeming and tortuous maze of the centre had never before been [tried] on such a scale , though christopher wren had made such a plan for 17th-century london .

The government has attempted some favela removal programs , but these have not been very successful , mainly because the new housing schemes are too expensive .
the government has [tried] some favela removal programs , but these have not been very successful , mainly because the new housing schemes are too expensive .

Given the great variation that exists in wealth , social organisation and culture in Latin America , it is not easy to find a simple , but also heuristic schema for class analysis , and perhaps for that reason the exercise has not been attempted very often .
given the great variation that exists in wealth , social organisation and culture in latin america , it is not easy to find a simple , but also heuristic schema for class analysis , and perhaps for that reason the exercise has not been [tried] very often .

The Cyprus model failed when an attempted coup by Greek Cypriots provoked a Turkish invasion .
the cyprus model failed when an [tried] coup by greek cypriots provoked a turkish invasion .

Chamoun then attempted to capitalise upon his victory by contemplating a change in the constitution that would allow him a second term as president .
chamoun then [tried] to capitalise upon his victory by contemplating a change in the constitution that would allow him a second term as president .

The snow adhering to the car windows created a sepulchral gloom inside , and Robyn spent several minutes brushing it off before she attempted to start the engine .
the snow adhering to the car windows created a sepulchral gloom inside , and robyn spent several minutes brushing it off before she [tried] to start the engine .

In summary , the main points this chapter has attempted to make are the following : ( i ) In the European origins of the formation of modern States , nationalism was a means to establish the loyalty of populations and enforce some measure of homogeneity ( against the local particularisms of earlier times ) .
in summary , the main points this chapter has [tried] to make are the following : ( i ) in the european origins of the formation of modern states , nationalism was a means to establish the loyalty of populations and enforce some measure of homogeneity ( against the local particularisms of earlier times ) .

In January 1918 , the Finnish Social Democrats , with help from the Russian troops still in the country , attempted to seize power .
in january 1918 , the finnish social democrats , with help from the russian troops still in the country , [tried] to seize power .

Ted Deerhurst is one of the few Englishmen to have attempted big Waimea .
ted deerhurst is one of the few englishmen to have [tried] big waimea .

The Act provides that where ‘ a constable has reasonable grounds for suspecting that any offence which is not an arrestable offence has been committed or attempted , or is being committed or attempted , he may arrest the relevant person if it appears to him that service of a summons is impracticable or inappropriate because any of the general arrest conditions is satisfied ’ .
the act provides that where ‘ a constable has reasonable grounds for suspecting that any offence which is not an arrestable offence has been committed or [tried] , or is being committed or [tried] , he may arrest the relevant person if it appears to him that service of a summons is impracticable or inappropriate because any of the general arrest conditions is satisfied ’ .

He can also make policy decisions and give effect to them , as , for instance , was often done when prosecutions were not brought for attempted suicide .
he can also make policy decisions and give effect to them , as , for instance , was often done when prosecutions were not brought for [tried] suicide .

Between 1630 and 1646 Sir George Horsey had attempted to dam and drain the long tongue of water which still lies between Chesil Beach and the Dorset mainland .
between 1630 and 1646 sir george horsey had [tried] to dam and drain the long tongue of water which still lies between chesil beach and the dorset mainland .

The still-vexed issue which the 1930 act attempted to resolve was who was to pay for drainage .
the still-vexed issue which the 1930 act [tried] to resolve was who was to pay for drainage .

Instead of the old concept of teaching , according to which the teacher , possessed of superior powers and superior knowledge , attempted to pass on to the more able of his pupils that non-practical culture which would most benefit them personally , a new class-room communication should be envisaged .
instead of the old concept of teaching , according to which the teacher , possessed of superior powers and superior knowledge , [tried] to pass on to the more able of his pupils that non-practical culture which would most benefit them personally , a new class-room communication should be envisaged .

Henry attempted to gain some control over the situation . ‘ Well , ’ he said , ‘ we 've got a nice , juicy chicken leg for you ! ’
henry [tried] to gain some control over the situation . ‘ well , ’ he said , ‘ we 've got a nice , juicy chicken leg for you ! ’

Tossing this first layer of skin aside , he attempted to burrow deeper , only to discover yet more skin , though whether this was the outer skin that had slithered back through his advancing fingers , or a whole new layer was not apparent , but it was pretty clear that finding her windpipe , let alone getting hands round it and squeezing it , was a two-person job .
tossing this first layer of skin aside , he [tried] to burrow deeper , only to discover yet more skin , though whether this was the outer skin that had slithered back through his advancing fingers , or a whole new layer was not apparent , but it was pretty clear that finding her windpipe , let alone getting hands round it and squeezing it , was a two-person job .

There he attempted to persuade the counts Ramon and Berenguer to aid him in taking Saragossa , a key fortress which King Ferdinand had long sought to bring under his sway .
there he [tried] to persuade the counts ramon and berenguer to aid him in taking saragossa , a key fortress which king ferdinand had long sought to bring under his sway .

It was rumoured that Frederick had attempted to encourage Alexander to crown or at least support the coronation of his son Henry .
it was rumoured that frederick had [tried] to encourage alexander to crown or at least support the coronation of his son henry .

Rather than punish him for the attempted rebellion , Henry gave Richard the task of quelling the very Aquitainian rebels from whom he had so recently looked for support .
rather than punish him for the [tried] rebellion , henry gave richard the task of quelling the very aquitainian rebels from whom he had so recently looked for support .

Third , there was another British vessel , the Sir Robert Sale , which was at the eastern , narrower end of the Straits , sixty-four kilometres from Krakatoa on the twenty-sixth , and attempted to sail westwards ( towards Krakatoa ) on the twenty-seventh , but was quite unable to do so .
third , there was another british vessel , the sir robert sale , which was at the eastern , narrower end of the straits , sixty-four kilometres from krakatoa on the twenty-sixth , and [tried] to sail westwards ( towards krakatoa ) on the twenty-seventh , but was quite unable to do so .

The countryside , here called Wessex for the first time , village community life , the joyousness of seasonal festivities , the importance of music — all familiar from Under the Greenwood Tree — are integrated into a more complex story than any Hardy had yet attempted .
the countryside , here called wessex for the first time , village community life , the joyousness of seasonal festivities , the importance of music — all familiar from under the greenwood tree — are integrated into a more complex story than any hardy had yet [tried] .

Indeed Zoroastrians never attempted to relate the history of their nation to the cosmic struggle of Ohrmazd and Ahriman .
indeed zoroastrians never [tried] to relate the history of their nation to the cosmic struggle of ohrmazd and ahriman .

While some senior policemen , like Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Kenneth Newman , wanted to stress the link between the police and other areas of ‘ social policy ’ ( Metropolitan Police , 1986 ) , the official government response attempted to decontextualize the riots and see them as the actions of a small minority who were either criminalized or influenced by extreme political ideas .
while some senior policemen , like metropolitan police commissioner sir kenneth newman , wanted to stress the link between the police and other areas of ‘ social policy ’ ( metropolitan police , 1986 ) , the official government response [tried] to decontextualize the riots and see them as the actions of a small minority who were either criminalized or influenced by extreme political ideas .

The dominant approach of the Government attempted to emphasize two main arguments .
the dominant approach of the government [tried] to emphasize two main arguments .

Now that poor guy , charged with attempted rape and robbery .
now that poor guy , charged with [tried] rape and robbery .

( Here it is superior to the American version , which attempted to describe the technology and was rapidly outdated . )
( here it is superior to the american version , which [tried] to describe the technology and was rapidly outdated . )

June Braithwaite attempted to control Robert Braithwaite , but failed .
june braithwaite [tried] to control robert braithwaite , but failed .

The driving force was Charles Louis Fouquet Belleisle , Duc de Belleisle and Marshal of France , a soldier of vast experience who , reported one British agent on 26 January 1756 , ‘ told a friend of mine that it must be attempted , though [ i.e .
the driving force was charles louis fouquet belleisle , duc de belleisle and marshal of france , a soldier of vast experience who , reported one british agent on 26 january 1756 , ‘ told a friend of mine that it must be [tried] , though [ i.e .

It could not be attempted before next year .
it could not be [tried] before next year .

Not exactly overjoyed at the prospect of looking after her niece , Liesl Silverstone 's aunt secretly attempted to shift the responsibility without her niece knowing :
not exactly overjoyed at the prospect of looking after her niece , liesl silverstone 's aunt secretly [tried] to shift the responsibility without her niece knowing :

Monetarists have attempted to counter this by arguing that any increase in spending by one group in the economy , with no accompanying increase in the money supply , will tend to raise interest rates and so ‘ crowd out ’ spending by some other groups .
monetarists have [tried] to counter this by arguing that any increase in spending by one group in the economy , with no accompanying increase in the money supply , will tend to raise interest rates and so ‘ crowd out ’ spending by some other groups .

Once established on a final glide-approach to the field the pilot realised that the aircraft was likely to hit a stone wall and attempted to ‘ stretch ’ the glide .
once established on a final glide-approach to the field the pilot realised that the aircraft was likely to hit a stone wall and [tried] to ‘ stretch ’ the glide .

Matthew attempted to put a triangular shaped brick onto the pile .
matthew [tried] to put a triangular shaped brick onto the pile .

Evaluation may be somewhat subjective and less than mathematically accurate , but it must be attempted if the desired cycle of planning , implementation appraisal and replanning is to achieve its object of providing even better and more relevant training within the library .
evaluation may be somewhat subjective and less than mathematically accurate , but it must be [tried] if the desired cycle of planning , implementation appraisal and replanning is to achieve its object of providing even better and more relevant training within the library .

Poles were appointed to administrative posts in local government , and the law courts attempted to accommodate requests for the use of the Polish language .
poles were appointed to administrative posts in local government , and the law courts [tried] to accommodate requests for the use of the polish language .

There can be little doubt that if the Prussians and Germans had not attempted to force them to become Germans , then in time the Pomeranian Poles and probably the majority of Prussian Poles would have allowed themselves to become Germanised .
there can be little doubt that if the prussians and germans had not [tried] to force them to become germans , then in time the pomeranian poles and probably the majority of prussian poles would have allowed themselves to become germanised .

And yet , although Lloyd George was the author of the Free City proposals , they were approved by the Americans and the French , and had the Poles not been so heavily engaged against the Soviets by this time , they might still have attempted to seize Danzig by force — there was certainly little the Germans could have done to prevent such a move .
and yet , although lloyd george was the author of the free city proposals , they were approved by the americans and the french , and had the poles not been so heavily engaged against the soviets by this time , they might still have [tried] to seize danzig by force — there was certainly little the germans could have done to prevent such a move .

Mikos , In his study of the League of Nations ' actions in Danzig , attempted to apportion blame by counting up the number of important decisions made by the various High Commissioners .
mikos , in his study of the league of nations ' actions in danzig , [tried] to apportion blame by counting up the number of important decisions made by the various high commissioners .

As often as not , we attempted to elude her , but to no avail .
as often as not , we [tried] to elude her , but to no avail .

Caesar will never know how fortunate he was to survive this episode ; Mr Richards could well have attempted to administer him a Mars bar instead .
caesar will never know how fortunate he was to survive this episode ; mr richards could well have [tried] to administer him a mars bar instead .

The magazine was in trouble long before David Thomas and his young guns attempted to give it a lifesaving bypass .
the magazine was in trouble long before david thomas and his young guns [tried] to give it a lifesaving bypass .

If the answer was ‘ no ’ she attempted to recruit someone to fill the gap .
if the answer was ‘ no ’ she [tried] to recruit someone to fill the gap .

The cure of the part should not be attempted without treatment of the whole , and also no attempt should be made to cure the body without the soul , and therefore if the head and body are to be well you must begin by curing the mind : that is the first thing … .
the cure of the part should not be [tried] without treatment of the whole , and also no attempt should be made to cure the body without the soul , and therefore if the head and body are to be well you must begin by curing the mind : that is the first thing … .

Not content with this triumph , Joseph Thomas turned his attention to the groyne at the mouth of the harbour which attempted , not very successfully , to prevent sand from the beach silting up the harbour mouth .
not content with this triumph , joseph thomas turned his attention to the groyne at the mouth of the harbour which [tried] , not very successfully , to prevent sand from the beach silting up the harbour mouth .

In fact , Churchill attempted in October 1951 to refashion Cabinet government in a fairly dramatic fashion by peacetime standards .
in fact , churchill [tried] in october 1951 to refashion cabinet government in a fairly dramatic fashion by peacetime standards .

In particular he disliked the two-tier system of committees Ministerial and Official , with identical terms of reference , and attempted to cut away as many official committees as possible — twenty in a day according to a contemporary rumour — and also instigated a review of all committees in Whitehall and the Cabinet Office .
in particular he disliked the two-tier system of committees ministerial and official , with identical terms of reference , and [tried] to cut away as many official committees as possible — twenty in a day according to a contemporary rumour — and also instigated a review of all committees in whitehall and the cabinet office .

Some writers have attempted to draw up some general guidelines which relate the weeding of research material to the concept of obsolescence — the diminution in the use of literature over the course of time .
some writers have [tried] to draw up some general guidelines which relate the weeding of research material to the concept of obsolescence — the diminution in the use of literature over the course of time .

Under the leadership of General Torrijos they attempted a landing in Spain in 1831 , but were crushed by government forces .
under the leadership of general torrijos they [tried] a landing in spain in 1831 , but were crushed by government forces .

We strongly suggest that if this preparation is to be attempted it be done on a small scale and the reaction mixture be checked for unreduced bis(2-azidoethyl)ether before removal of chloroform and distillation of the diamine .
we strongly suggest that if this preparation is to be [tried] it be done on a small scale and the reaction mixture be checked for unreduced bis(2-azidoethyl)ether before removal of chloroform and distillation of the diamine .

Nothing difficult is attempted — eg only five different atoms are used — but banish any thought of triviality , because with the cubes shown in Fig .
nothing difficult is [tried] — eg only five different atoms are used — but banish any thought of triviality , because with the cubes shown in fig .

In recent years the importance of the prostaglandin pathway in platelets in relation to platelet aggregation has become apparent and several studies have attempted to assess the activity of this pathway in platelets from diabetic subjects .
in recent years the importance of the prostaglandin pathway in platelets in relation to platelet aggregation has become apparent and several studies have [tried] to assess the activity of this pathway in platelets from diabetic subjects .

More recent studies have attempted to overcome this problem by electively studying diabetics free from clinical evidence of vascular disease .
more recent studies have [tried] to overcome this problem by electively studying diabetics free from clinical evidence of vascular disease .

Several studies have attempted to assess whether there is evidence of increased circulating platelet aggregates in diabetic subjects .
several studies have [tried] to assess whether there is evidence of increased circulating platelet aggregates in diabetic subjects .

The above studies have attempted to assess the presence of circulating platelet aggregates .
the above studies have [tried] to assess the presence of circulating platelet aggregates .

These authors attempted to assess platelet function in citrated whole blood by determining the platelet aggregates formed following electromagnetic agitation for 15 minutes .
these authors [tried] to assess platelet function in citrated whole blood by determining the platelet aggregates formed following electromagnetic agitation for 15 minutes .

Regions too have attempted to develop their own information strategies . However , two overriding problems remain :
regions too have [tried] to develop their own information strategies . however , two overriding problems remain :

What then followed appears to have been this : the daughter died childless and her sister , inspired by father 's words , attempted to recover the estate from the heir who had been instituted .
what then followed appears to have been this : the daughter died childless and her sister , inspired by father 's words , [tried] to recover the estate from the heir who had been instituted .

The will still contained the bequest of the office , or its value , and the beneficiary attempted to claim under it again .
the will still contained the bequest of the office , or its value , and the beneficiary [tried] to claim under it again .

Many inventors attempted to buck the system by making alterations to existing machinery .
many inventors [tried] to buck the system by making alterations to existing machinery .

With mono recordings , many experiments over the decades have attempted to prove that it is impossible to tell the difference between the original and a recording .
with mono recordings , many experiments over the decades have [tried] to prove that it is impossible to tell the difference between the original and a recording .

My mother attempted suicide on numerous occasions .
my mother [tried] suicide on numerous occasions .

Shotwell ( 1955 ) attempted to distinguish between bones from different sources by devising an index of completeness of preservation , by which species represented by most complete remains must have been transported shorter distances and therefore have come from communities close by , while species with less well preserved remains must have come from more distant communities .
shotwell ( 1955 ) [tried] to distinguish between bones from different sources by devising an index of completeness of preservation , by which species represented by most complete remains must have been transported shorter distances and therefore have come from communities close by , while species with less well preserved remains must have come from more distant communities .

Mayhew ( 1977 ) has attempted to remedy this , and he was able to show that the bone assemblages produced by kestrels differ greatly from those produced by barn owls .
mayhew ( 1977 ) has [tried] to remedy this , and he was able to show that the bone assemblages produced by kestrels differ greatly from those produced by barn owls .

‘ For to obviate the inconveniencies that might result from the too frequent communication with the out pupils the Professor will demonstrate to the latter only what might be useful to them as Surgeons and Physicians to the human body , such as the most important demonstrations of comparative anatomy as likewise experiences [ experiments ] on several animals , which could not be attempted on Man without imminent danger , and lastly , a comparison between epidemical and epizootic diseases — therefore the out pupils ought to be considered by the Society [ College ] as a separate Class : the consideration of which ought not to have any influence as to the situation of the establishments .
‘ for to obviate the inconveniencies that might result from the too frequent communication with the out pupils the professor will demonstrate to the latter only what might be useful to them as surgeons and physicians to the human body , such as the most important demonstrations of comparative anatomy as likewise experiences [ experiments ] on several animals , which could not be [tried] on man without imminent danger , and lastly , a comparison between epidemical and epizootic diseases — therefore the out pupils ought to be considered by the society [ college ] as a separate class : the consideration of which ought not to have any influence as to the situation of the establishments .

‘ It will be useless to observe to the Society that it is of the greatest importance to procure a place as soon as possible , if the Professor is not enabled to begin his Lectures by Christmas ( 1791 ) the establishment will be put off for one year — the Zootomy being strictly the first part he is to begin to teach to the pupils , which everyone knows could not be attempted in the Summer — and it would be feared too long a delay might hurt the success of the establishment . ’
‘ it will be useless to observe to the society that it is of the greatest importance to procure a place as soon as possible , if the professor is not enabled to begin his lectures by christmas ( 1791 ) the establishment will be put off for one year — the zootomy being strictly the first part he is to begin to teach to the pupils , which everyone knows could not be [tried] in the summer — and it would be feared too long a delay might hurt the success of the establishment . ’

John attempted to convince John 's friend that that friend should loan John some repair implements .
john [tried] to convince john 's friend that that friend should loan john some repair implements .

In the former , agencies such as local enterprise boards , or economic development units , have attempted to encourage firms to develop or invest with the help of limited assistance from councils — attempts have been made to ‘ lever ’ additional funds from the private sector ( Clarke and Cochrane , 1987 ) .
in the former , agencies such as local enterprise boards , or economic development units , have [tried] to encourage firms to develop or invest with the help of limited assistance from councils — attempts have been made to ‘ lever ’ additional funds from the private sector ( clarke and cochrane , 1987 ) .

From the mid-1970s successive governments attempted to alleviate the crisis by curbing public expenditure .
from the mid-1970s successive governments [tried] to alleviate the crisis by curbing public expenditure .

Good management has attempted to meet these challenges in an organised and rational way , maintaining that planned changes are better than haphazard ones since they give a greater sense of control to the school and are less likely to cause stress to all concerned .
good management has [tried] to meet these challenges in an organised and rational way , maintaining that planned changes are better than haphazard ones since they give a greater sense of control to the school and are less likely to cause stress to all concerned .

For example , if a school has attempted to improve its image in the neighbourhood it may feel that it has been successful if the number selecting the school for the following academic year increases .
for example , if a school has [tried] to improve its image in the neighbourhood it may feel that it has been successful if the number selecting the school for the following academic year increases .

However , states such as California and Florida have attempted ‘ school-site management ’ .
however , states such as california and florida have [tried] ‘ school-site management ’ .

‘ She 'll grow up with rickets like the rest of 'em , ’ she said , rubbing Patrick 's thin legs which failed to support him when he attempted to pull himself up against his father 's chair .
‘ she 'll grow up with rickets like the rest of 'em , ’ she said , rubbing patrick 's thin legs which failed to support him when he [tried] to pull himself up against his father 's chair .

He attempted to take her in his arms , thinking the matter was happily resolved , but she was adept at dodging , losing none of the dignity which was so exceptional in a common maidservant .
he [tried] to take her in his arms , thinking the matter was happily resolved , but she was adept at dodging , losing none of the dignity which was so exceptional in a common maidservant .

Whichever it was the emotion was so strong it made her attempted flirtation with Nahum Morey seem cheap .
whichever it was the emotion was so strong it made her [tried] flirtation with nahum morey seem cheap .

In this sense ‘ shallow ’ means that the physical principles underlying system operation are not attempted .
in this sense ‘ shallow ’ means that the physical principles underlying system operation are not [tried] .

As Broom-Parker attempted to struggle to his feet , she leant forward and tweaked both ends of his moustache .
as broom-parker [tried] to struggle to his feet , she leant forward and tweaked both ends of his moustache .

St. Augustine 's Abbey , founded nearly 1400 years ago , was the first Christian site established after the Saxons attempted to eradicate Christianity .
st. augustine 's abbey , founded nearly 1400 years ago , was the first christian site established after the saxons [tried] to eradicate christianity .

Instead of boldly breaking the charm and paying every man 's debts out of his property , the legislature attempted to turn the flank of the evil — to extort justice by persecution , to arm the creditor with powers of vexation instead of powers of sale , to satisfy his vindictiveness instead of his bill delivered .
instead of boldly breaking the charm and paying every man 's debts out of his property , the legislature [tried] to turn the flank of the evil — to extort justice by persecution , to arm the creditor with powers of vexation instead of powers of sale , to satisfy his vindictiveness instead of his bill delivered .

Under the heading ‘ Money-Lenders ’ Baits ' he showed his readers how the cormorants attempted to lure them into their net — advertisements from loan merchants hiding behind grand names like The Clerical and Medical Bank , in all parts of Britain , none of whom saw fit to mention the rates of interest they would charge , and some specifying Without Sureties .
under the heading ‘ money-lenders ’ baits ' he showed his readers how the cormorants [tried] to lure them into their net — advertisements from loan merchants hiding behind grand names like the clerical and medical bank , in all parts of britain , none of whom saw fit to mention the rates of interest they would charge , and some specifying without sureties .

Christianity forbade the worship of these deities , usually goddesses , and attempted to make them respectable .
christianity forbade the worship of these deities , usually goddesses , and [tried] to make them respectable .

When everyone was served , Zak the investigator along through Scene Two , disclosing the details of the attempted kidnap of one of the horses and leaving a tantalizing question mark in the shape of which one ?
when everyone was served , zak the investigator along through scene two , disclosing the details of the [tried] kidnap of one of the horses and leaving a tantalizing question mark in the shape of which one ?

This Norton-Taylor has attempted to do , but his book betrays too much anger and too much cynicism to be wholly effective .
this norton-taylor has [tried] to do , but his book betrays too much anger and too much cynicism to be wholly effective .

Only one major text has attempted to break out of this mould and that is Daniel Kemp and frank Vellaccio 's Organic Chemistry ( Worth , 1980 ) .
only one major text has [tried] to break out of this mould and that is daniel kemp and frank vellaccio 's organic chemistry ( worth , 1980 ) .

And how can we account for its appearance now when less than two years ago , Reagan and his government-shrinking colleagues attempted an across-the-board 12-per cent blood-letting on the research and development budget they had inherited from Jimmy Carter ?
and how can we account for its appearance now when less than two years ago , reagan and his government-shrinking colleagues [tried] an across-the-board 12-per cent blood-letting on the research and development budget they had inherited from jimmy carter ?

Besides , sonar work is easier in midwater and the results are less ambiguous ; we attempted inshore exercises in Urquhart Bay but the results were confused by the loch bed , mooring chains and the wakes of boats .
besides , sonar work is easier in midwater and the results are less ambiguous ; we [tried] inshore exercises in urquhart bay but the results were confused by the loch bed , mooring chains and the wakes of boats .

In naming the animal , the authors attempted to identify the individual conodont elements .
in naming the animal , the authors [tried] to identify the individual conodont elements .

These categories include people who have been refused leave to enter Britain , refused entry clearance , deported , or considered to be involved in abuse or attempted abuse of the immigration laws , Elton told the House of Lords .
these categories include people who have been refused leave to enter britain , refused entry clearance , deported , or considered to be involved in abuse or [tried] abuse of the immigration laws , elton told the house of lords .

‘ Who considers those persons to have been involved in abuse or attempted abuse of the immigration laws ?
‘ who considers those persons to have been involved in abuse or [tried] abuse of the immigration laws ?

No one has attempted a census of the fauna , but there are many common birds and the vegetation must supply food for many insects , so it would be surprising if the insectivores and small rodents were not colonising , and thereby attracting predators .
no one has [tried] a census of the fauna , but there are many common birds and the vegetation must supply food for many insects , so it would be surprising if the insectivores and small rodents were not colonising , and thereby attracting predators .

During the 1970s several teams attempted to refute this claim , arguing that the connection is a figment of Arp 's imagination , that it is an optical illusion caused by the overlap of isophotes ( light contours ) from the two objects , or that it is an illusion caused by a star or galaxy which just happens to be located between the two objects .
during the 1970s several teams [tried] to refute this claim , arguing that the connection is a figment of arp 's imagination , that it is an optical illusion caused by the overlap of isophotes ( light contours ) from the two objects , or that it is an illusion caused by a star or galaxy which just happens to be located between the two objects .

These attempted to recreate haemoglobin 's hydrophobic pocket on one side of the iron complex .
these [tried] to recreate haemoglobin 's hydrophobic pocket on one side of the iron complex .

Ruby attempted to communicate by a combination of gestures , clicks , and guttural sounds unlike any known language .
ruby [tried] to communicate by a combination of gestures , clicks , and guttural sounds unlike any known language .

The Americans , by contrast , have , until the current backlash , attempted to expand the insanity defence , with its controversial ‘ not guilty ’ judgment , in order to achieve the same compassionate aim of keeping the mentally-ill out of prison .
the americans , by contrast , have , until the current backlash , [tried] to expand the insanity defence , with its controversial ‘ not guilty ’ judgment , in order to achieve the same compassionate aim of keeping the mentally-ill out of prison .

So inflexible was this masterplan that when New Scientist attempted to introduce someone who knew nothing about computers to the machine ( it is claimed to be very easy to use ) we were turned down on the grounds that ‘ this would upset the timetable ’ .
so inflexible was this masterplan that when new scientist [tried] to introduce someone who knew nothing about computers to the machine ( it is claimed to be very easy to use ) we were turned down on the grounds that ‘ this would upset the timetable ’ .

Groups of up to 14 males of all ages attempted to mount the female .
groups of up to 14 males of all ages [tried] to mount the female .

From all this information the team drew up a matrix of crafts , materials and local resources , analysed technologies applied locally and attempted to order skills development in level of difficulty and in relation to social custom as a preliminary to curriculum design .
from all this information the team drew up a matrix of crafts , materials and local resources , analysed technologies applied locally and [tried] to order skills development in level of difficulty and in relation to social custom as a preliminary to curriculum design .

In practice considerably more has been attempted in Francistown including suggestions for production of localised materials and in some cases their actual design and issue .
in practice considerably more has been [tried] in francistown including suggestions for production of localised materials and in some cases their actual design and issue .

Although attempted suicide has increased among older teenagers , the rate is still well below that for adults .
although [tried] suicide has increased among older teenagers , the rate is still well below that for adults .

It was in these countries , and also in Catalonia , that the most radical solution to the problem of multiple homage was attempted .
it was in these countries , and also in catalonia , that the most radical solution to the problem of multiple homage was [tried] .

But the Conqueror 's scheme of knight service was the nearest to a comprehensive feudal hierarchy that any European king or prince attempted .
but the conqueror 's scheme of knight service was the nearest to a comprehensive feudal hierarchy that any european king or prince [tried] .

The barons were comparatively few in number ; the Church formally forbade them to marry their sixth cousins or any nearer relatives , and seriously attempted to enforce the prohibition on third cousins ; and even though they did not always accept this limitation , it meant that they looked far and wide in their own class for marriage alliances .
the barons were comparatively few in number ; the church formally forbade them to marry their sixth cousins or any nearer relatives , and seriously [tried] to enforce the prohibition on third cousins ; and even though they did not always accept this limitation , it meant that they looked far and wide in their own class for marriage alliances .

Some of the shrewder politicians of the period realized this ; they saw how inconclusive wars generally were , and attempted to attain their ends by more sensible means .
some of the shrewder politicians of the period realized this ; they saw how inconclusive wars generally were , and [tried] to attain their ends by more sensible means .

In the Norman kingdom , Roger the Great and his legal advisers attempted an even more ambitious rationalization of the extreme diversity of the legal traditions of his subjects .
in the norman kingdom , roger the great and his legal advisers [tried] an even more ambitious rationalization of the extreme diversity of the legal traditions of his subjects .

The English language presents difficulties if a purely phonic approach is attempted ( silent letters in ‘ knife ’ and ‘ pneumatic ’ , for example ) but it is useful in dealing with the ‘ sounding out ’ of unfamiliar words .
the english language presents difficulties if a purely phonic approach is [tried] ( silent letters in ‘ knife ’ and ‘ pneumatic ’ , for example ) but it is useful in dealing with the ‘ sounding out ’ of unfamiliar words .

Men-at-arms , wearing the royal livery of Scotland , attempted to impose some form of order but the situation was not improved by a horde of courtiers standing around also issuing their instructions to a vast army of retainers all wearing different liveries .
men-at-arms , wearing the royal livery of scotland , [tried] to impose some form of order but the situation was not improved by a horde of courtiers standing around also issuing their instructions to a vast army of retainers all wearing different liveries .

The attack in the forest was attempted murder and he now drew the same conclusion about the dagger thrown at him the previous day .
the attack in the forest was [tried] murder and he now drew the same conclusion about the dagger thrown at him the previous day .

He gave Ranulf a brief description of what had happened but his servant , with a keen sense of survival , immediately tried to link events to the men who had attempted to attack them on the road from Leith .
he gave ranulf a brief description of what had happened but his servant , with a keen sense of survival , immediately tried to link events to the men who had [tried] to attack them on the road from leith .

Sir James attempted to exchange light bantering talk , asking Corbett if he wanted to experience his hospitality once again .
sir james [tried] to exchange light bantering talk , asking corbett if he wanted to experience his hospitality once again .

Until the start of the civil war , in the summer of 1918 , there was a relative lull in the social conflicts during which the Bolsheviks shared power with the Left Social-Revolutionaries and at the same time attempted to obtain the collaboration of some sections of the bourgeoisie and industrial managers in their efforts to revive industry .
until the start of the civil war , in the summer of 1918 , there was a relative lull in the social conflicts during which the bolsheviks shared power with the left social-revolutionaries and at the same time [tried] to obtain the collaboration of some sections of the bourgeoisie and industrial managers in their efforts to revive industry .

Here then was Bukharin 's view of the world he attempted to theorise about and in which to locate the transition period to socialism .
here then was bukharin 's view of the world he [tried] to theorise about and in which to locate the transition period to socialism .

The cure of the part should not be attempted without treatment of the whole .
the cure of the part should not be [tried] without treatment of the whole .

We attempted to have the case tried in a Crown Court with a judge and jury but it seemed apparent to us , at our first appearance at the Magistrates Court , that every attempt was made , including the dropping of a crucial charge , to keep the case at that level .
we [tried] to have the case tried in a crown court with a judge and jury but it seemed apparent to us , at our first appearance at the magistrates court , that every attempt was made , including the dropping of a crucial charge , to keep the case at that level .

Most dowsers have attempted to find the patterns of earth energies at a site and have detected spirals , concentric circles and straight or sinuous lines , all of which seem to vary over time .
most dowsers have [tried] to find the patterns of earth energies at a site and have detected spirals , concentric circles and straight or sinuous lines , all of which seem to vary over time .

Kaledon Naddair , the researcher and writer on Keltic tradition and prehistoric rock art , has told how , in searching for new examples of rock carvings , he has attempted to contact rock spirits — actual spiritual beings that inhabit sites .
kaledon naddair , the researcher and writer on keltic tradition and prehistoric rock art , has told how , in searching for new examples of rock carvings , he has [tried] to contact rock spirits — actual spiritual beings that inhabit sites .

Nor is it possible to say what percentage of cases might be attributable to food , because nobody has even attempted to find out .
nor is it possible to say what percentage of cases might be attributable to food , because nobody has even [tried] to find out .

For one thing , the children involved all had genuine symptoms , and there was no suggestion that the parents had attempted to fabricate any symptoms .
for one thing , the children involved all had genuine symptoms , and there was no suggestion that the parents had [tried] to fabricate any symptoms .

Attempted solutions
[tried] solutions

He reported that if a house caught fire nobody attempted to put it out because they were all concentrating on protecting the cats , forming up in lines to prevent the panic-stricken animals from running into the flames and burning themselves .
he reported that if a house caught fire nobody [tried] to put it out because they were all concentrating on protecting the cats , forming up in lines to prevent the panic-stricken animals from running into the flames and burning themselves .

Teal are very inconspicuous when nesting , and no census has been attempted .
teal are very inconspicuous when nesting , and no census has been [tried] .

Pintail bred in Sussex in 1925 and 1936 , and a pair probably attempted to do so in 1970 .
pintail bred in sussex in 1925 and 1936 , and a pair probably [tried] to do so in 1970 .

An attempted census of the breeding population between 1962 and 1966 recorded only about 15 pairs .
an [tried] census of the breeding population between 1962 and 1966 recorded only about 15 pairs .

In some nursing situations , establishing criteria for objective assessment involves procedures that are too technically complicated or too time consuming to be attempted .
in some nursing situations , establishing criteria for objective assessment involves procedures that are too technically complicated or too time consuming to be [tried] .

She never attempted to take Mary 's place , but simply extended her considerable warmth and kindness to them .
she never [tried] to take mary 's place , but simply extended her considerable warmth and kindness to them .

She rarely attempted to create new routines but one idea she did think up had painful consequences .
she rarely [tried] to create new routines but one idea she did think up had painful consequences .

She attempted suicide several times , always while working and in highly dramatic circumstances , starting with threats at the top of the Commodore , Hammersmith .
she [tried] suicide several times , always while working and in highly dramatic circumstances , starting with threats at the top of the commodore , hammersmith .

Of course in such unenlightened days no one attempted to reason with her .
of course in such unenlightened days no one [tried] to reason with her .

On one occasion he nearly saw the man killed : ‘ The rope , sixty-five yards long , on his being drawn up , having a knot in the middle , was arrested by a clint ( crack ) in the rock , to which , with an eaglet sixteen and a half pounds weight , tied to his back , he had no other resource than that of ascending by his hands , the space something overhanging from the nest to the crack … The destruction of the parent birds was often attempted , by gun shot , but unsuccessfully , till from an ambush station , behind a stone , at the head of Buttermere Water , Mr.J .
on one occasion he nearly saw the man killed : ‘ the rope , sixty-five yards long , on his being drawn up , having a knot in the middle , was arrested by a clint ( crack ) in the rock , to which , with an eaglet sixteen and a half pounds weight , tied to his back , he had no other resource than that of ascending by his hands , the space something overhanging from the nest to the crack … the destruction of the parent birds was often [tried] , by gun shot , but unsuccessfully , till from an ambush station , behind a stone , at the head of buttermere water , mr.j .

Nearly 1,400 years ago , this was the first Christian site to be established in England after the Saxons had attempted to eradicate Christianity .
nearly 1,400 years ago , this was the first christian site to be established in england after the saxons had [tried] to eradicate christianity .

Another project , ‘ Developing pupils ’ thinking through topic work ’ , has considered the other dimension of projects and attempted to discover and document teachers ' practice during topic work lessons in primary schools .
another project , ‘ developing pupils ’ thinking through topic work ’ , has considered the other dimension of projects and [tried] to discover and document teachers ' practice during topic work lessons in primary schools .

Not ail of the clearinghouses are ideally placed to fulfil this role , and even for the national clearinghouses there are difficulties to be faced when it is attempted .
not ail of the clearinghouses are ideally placed to fulfil this role , and even for the national clearinghouses there are difficulties to be faced when it is [tried] .

In the context of course evaluation the research work of the Travelling Workshops Experiment and the James project attempted to make practising librarians familiar with such terms as formative evaluation , summative evaluation and illuminative evaluation .
in the context of course evaluation the research work of the travelling workshops experiment and the james project [tried] to make practising librarians familiar with such terms as formative evaluation , summative evaluation and illuminative evaluation .

But elements of the strategy , which were practised before illuminative evaluation as a structured approach to evaluation was contemplated , are more manageable and are being attempted .
but elements of the strategy , which were practised before illuminative evaluation as a structured approach to evaluation was contemplated , are more manageable and are being [tried] .

One suspects that more evaluation has been attempted than reported , partly because of this failure to complete the evaluation and partly because the techniques might be considered as too ‘ soft ’ ( simply qualitative or subjective ) or too ‘ hard ’ ( simply quantitative or objective ) .
one suspects that more evaluation has been [tried] than reported , partly because of this failure to complete the evaluation and partly because the techniques might be considered as too ‘ soft ’ ( simply qualitative or subjective ) or too ‘ hard ’ ( simply quantitative or objective ) .

At the next session , after enquiring about the patient 's well-being , the therapist should clarify precisely what happened when the patient attempted his task ( s ) .
at the next session , after enquiring about the patient 's well-being , the therapist should clarify precisely what happened when the patient [tried] his task ( s ) .

As discussed earlier ( p. 31 ) , it is likely that unemployment can contribute to attempted suicide by precipitating or exacerbating domestic , social , and financial problems .
as discussed earlier ( p. 31 ) , it is likely that unemployment can contribute to [tried] suicide by precipitating or exacerbating domestic , social , and financial problems .

This case typifies how the brief problem-solving approach can be used in clinical work , not just with attempted suicide patients , but with many other people in crisis situations .
this case typifies how the brief problem-solving approach can be used in clinical work , not just with [tried] suicide patients , but with many other people in crisis situations .

Psychiatric inpatient care of attempted suicide patients
psychiatric inpatient care of [tried] suicide patients

Although psychiatric inpatient care , either in a psychiatric hospital or in a psychiatric unit in the general hospital , is only necessary for a small proportion of attempted suicide patients ( see Table 10 ) , this group is particularly important because it includes the patients likely to be at greatest risk of subsequent suicide and some who pose particularly difficult management problems .
although psychiatric inpatient care , either in a psychiatric hospital or in a psychiatric unit in the general hospital , is only necessary for a small proportion of [tried] suicide patients ( see table 10 ) , this group is particularly important because it includes the patients likely to be at greatest risk of subsequent suicide and some who pose particularly difficult management problems .

Therefore , the whole of this chapter has been devoted to discussion of this aspect of care of attempted suicide patients .
therefore , the whole of this chapter has been devoted to discussion of this aspect of care of [tried] suicide patients .

In addition , a summary of those sections of the Act concerned with admission of patients to hospital , or detention of patients already in hospital , which are relevant for attempted suicide patients was provided in an Appendix to that chapter .
in addition , a summary of those sections of the act concerned with admission of patients to hospital , or detention of patients already in hospital , which are relevant for [tried] suicide patients was provided in an appendix to that chapter .

Instead , the general principles of counselling the attempted suicide patient in the inpatient setting will be described .
instead , the general principles of counselling the [tried] suicide patient in the inpatient setting will be described .

Only the main principles involved in the use of physical methods of treatment during inpatient care of attempted suicide patients will be considered .
only the main principles involved in the use of physical methods of treatment during inpatient care of [tried] suicide patients will be considered .

Because most attempted suicide patients have symptoms of depression , the most common decision concerning drug therapy will be whether to prescribe an antidepressant .
because most [tried] suicide patients have symptoms of depression , the most common decision concerning drug therapy will be whether to prescribe an antidepressant .

Attempted suicide and suicide in hospital
[tried] suicide and suicide in hospital

1975a ) , patients with self-injuries have constituted approximately 5 per cent of the total number of attempted suicide patients identified on the basis of general hospital referrals .
1975a ) , patients with self-injuries have constituted approximately 5 per cent of the total number of [tried] suicide patients identified on the basis of general hospital referrals .

Cutters often come from broken homes , although perhaps no more often than attempted suicide patients in general ( Rosenthal et al .
cutters often come from broken homes , although perhaps no more often than [tried] suicide patients in general ( rosenthal et al .

The problem of deliberate self-poisoning and self-injury has placed enormous pressure on the stiff ( physicians , nurses , psychiatrists ) and services ( casualty and emergency departments , medical admission units , psychiatric and social work departments ) involved in the care of patients who take overdoses or injure themselves , and this has been one of the factors that has promoted a re-examination of previously accepted policies for the management of attempted suicide patients .
the problem of deliberate self-poisoning and self-injury has placed enormous pressure on the stiff ( physicians , nurses , psychiatrists ) and services ( casualty and emergency departments , medical admission units , psychiatric and social work departments ) involved in the care of patients who take overdoses or injure themselves , and this has been one of the factors that has promoted a re-examination of previously accepted policies for the management of [tried] suicide patients .

The value of one of the principal recommendations , the provision of psychiatric care to attempted suicide patients , remains controversial , and it has only recently been subjected to controlled evaluation ( Hawton et al .
the value of one of the principal recommendations , the provision of psychiatric care to [tried] suicide patients , remains controversial , and it has only recently been subjected to controlled evaluation ( hawton et al .

It is against this background that the new approaches to the psychiatric management of attempted suicide and the new official policy have to be considered .
it is against this background that the new approaches to the psychiatric management of [tried] suicide and the new official policy have to be considered .

Newson-Smith and Hirsch concluded that social workers could safely and reliably assess attempted suicide patients .
newson-smith and hirsch concluded that social workers could safely and reliably assess [tried] suicide patients .

It was therefore suggested that social workers should be involved in assessment of attempted suicide patients , the psychiatrist being available to deal with emergencies and for consultation with the social worker if necessary .
it was therefore suggested that social workers should be involved in assessment of [tried] suicide patients , the psychiatrist being available to deal with emergencies and for consultation with the social worker if necessary .

The investigation took place in a psychiatric unit in a general hospital , where a multidisciplinary team of nurses , social workers , psychiatrists , and general practice trainees is involved in the psychiatric management of attempted suicide patients ( Hawton et al .
the investigation took place in a psychiatric unit in a general hospital , where a multidisciplinary team of nurses , social workers , psychiatrists , and general practice trainees is involved in the psychiatric management of [tried] suicide patients ( hawton et al .

The study did not show any major differences between doctors and nurses , indicating that nurses who are specifically trained to assess attempted suicide patients and who work in a team where there is a psychiatrist available for consultation and supervision can be given responsibility for the initial assessment of these patients .
the study did not show any major differences between doctors and nurses , indicating that nurses who are specifically trained to assess [tried] suicide patients and who work in a team where there is a psychiatrist available for consultation and supervision can be given responsibility for the initial assessment of these patients .

Physicians ' attitudes to attempted suicide patients are to a large extent negative ( Patel 1975 ; Ramon et al .
physicians ' attitudes to [tried] suicide patients are to a large extent negative ( patel 1975 ; ramon et al .

Who should treat attempted suicide patients ?
who should treat [tried] suicide patients ?

There is no single , universally accepted type of service that is known to be more successful in the management of attempted suicide patients thin any other .
there is no single , universally accepted type of service that is known to be more successful in the management of [tried] suicide patients thin any other .

Psychiatric units in general hospitals , on the other hand , are becoming a common feature , and here a multidisciplinary team of psychiatrists , psychiatric nurses , and social workers is very appropriate for the management of attempted suicide .
psychiatric units in general hospitals , on the other hand , are becoming a common feature , and here a multidisciplinary team of psychiatrists , psychiatric nurses , and social workers is very appropriate for the management of [tried] suicide .

In addition , junior psychiatrists should be able to get adequate experience of the care of attempted suicide patients to improve their skills both in the management of patients with psychosocial problems and , in particular , the evaluation of suicide risk .
in addition , junior psychiatrists should be able to get adequate experience of the care of [tried] suicide patients to improve their skills both in the management of patients with psychosocial problems and , in particular , the evaluation of suicide risk .

Whatever approach is adopted , it is clear that a comprehensive service for the management of attempted suicide patients should be staffed by personnel interested in working with such people and their problems .
whatever approach is adopted , it is clear that a comprehensive service for the management of [tried] suicide patients should be staffed by personnel interested in working with such people and their problems .

Prevention of attempted suicide
prevention of [tried] suicide

However , no one has seriously challenged the view that attempted suicide should be regarded as an inappropriate way of coping with problems .
however , no one has seriously challenged the view that [tried] suicide should be regarded as an inappropriate way of coping with problems .

For all these reasons , it is clear that attempted suicide should be discouraged as a way of coping .
for all these reasons , it is clear that [tried] suicide should be discouraged as a way of coping .

In this chapter , preventive measures will be discussed and examined , first with regard to primary prevention , or preventive work aimed at people who have not yet attempted suicide , and then in terms of secondary prevention , or prevention of further episodes of self-poisoning or self-injury .
in this chapter , preventive measures will be discussed and examined , first with regard to primary prevention , or preventive work aimed at people who have not yet [tried] suicide , and then in terms of secondary prevention , or prevention of further episodes of self-poisoning or self-injury .

It could be argued that the best way of dealing with attempted suicide would be to prevent its occurrence in the first place ; but this is not an easy task , and one that often extends beyond the reach of the clinician .
it could be argued that the best way of dealing with [tried] suicide would be to prevent its occurrence in the first place ; but this is not an easy task , and one that often extends beyond the reach of the clinician .

There is no single and all-important cause of attempted suicide .
there is no single and all-important cause of [tried] suicide .

These include making available emergency access to help , identification and adequate management by health and social agencies of those at risk , control of the means used to cause self-harm , modification of public attitudes to coping with problems in general and attempted suicide in particular , and measures aimed at improving the material and social circumstances of the population at risk .
these include making available emergency access to help , identification and adequate management by health and social agencies of those at risk , control of the means used to cause self-harm , modification of public attitudes to coping with problems in general and [tried] suicide in particular , and measures aimed at improving the material and social circumstances of the population at risk .

It is doubtful , however , whether they would prevent attempted suicide .
it is doubtful , however , whether they would prevent [tried] suicide .

These results are consistent with the findings of Chowdhury and Kreitman ( 1971 ) , and Kreitman and Chowdhury ( 1973a ) , who found attempted suicide patients and Samaritan clients to be different in many respects — the Samaritan clients , for example , including a greater proportion of men , and more socially isolated individuals .
these results are consistent with the findings of chowdhury and kreitman ( 1971 ) , and kreitman and chowdhury ( 1973a ) , who found [tried] suicide patients and samaritan clients to be different in many respects — the samaritan clients , for example , including a greater proportion of men , and more socially isolated individuals .

It would be reasonable to expect that the extension and development of community psychiatric services would lead to a reduction in the rate of suicide and attempted suicide , but there is little evidence that this is so .
it would be reasonable to expect that the extension and development of community psychiatric services would lead to a reduction in the rate of suicide and [tried] suicide , but there is little evidence that this is so .

Koller and Slaghuis ( 1978 ) mentioned the development of community health centres in Hobart , Tasmania , at the time when the rates of attempted suicide were decreasing , but did not indicate any causal connection .
koller and slaghuis ( 1978 ) mentioned the development of community health centres in hobart , tasmania , at the time when the rates of [tried] suicide were decreasing , but did not indicate any causal connection .

The Health , Welfare , and Advice Centre was established to co-ordinate the work of a variety of voluntary agencies and statutory social services in an area characterized by severe social problems and high rates of attempted suicide .
the health , welfare , and advice centre was established to co-ordinate the work of a variety of voluntary agencies and statutory social services in an area characterized by severe social problems and high rates of [tried] suicide .

This finding is encouraging , but the results should be interpreted with caution as the control areas were not matched in terms of the pre-existing levels of social problems and attempted suicide .
this finding is encouraging , but the results should be interpreted with caution as the control areas were not matched in terms of the pre-existing levels of social problems and [tried] suicide .

The general practitioner has a potentially important role in the prevention of attempted suicide .
the general practitioner has a potentially important role in the prevention of [tried] suicide .

Therefore , it is important to try to identify the factors which might assist general practitioners to recognize those patients who are at special risk of attempted suicide .
therefore , it is important to try to identify the factors which might assist general practitioners to recognize those patients who are at special risk of [tried] suicide .

It has been suggested that the presence of feelings of hopelessness may be a more sensitive indicator of attempted suicide risk than depression itself ( Minkoff et al .
it has been suggested that the presence of feelings of hopelessness may be a more sensitive indicator of [tried] suicide risk than depression itself ( minkoff et al .

The danger of attempted suicide among patients with epilepsy , especially males , has already been discussed .
the danger of [tried] suicide among patients with epilepsy , especially males , has already been discussed .

Attempted suicide appears to have become an acceptable way of expressing distress among some people , and has therefore been likened to a fashion .
[tried] suicide appears to have become an acceptable way of expressing distress among some people , and has therefore been likened to a fashion .

It is reasonable to expect that public attitudes and beliefs about attempted suicide will affect its incidence .
it is reasonable to expect that public attitudes and beliefs about [tried] suicide will affect its incidence .

One interesting finding was that people who reported personal contact with suicide attempters were more likely to have hostile attitudes towards attempted suicide .
one interesting finding was that people who reported personal contact with suicide attempters were more likely to have hostile attitudes towards [tried] suicide .

This would suggest that a spontaneous decline in the incidence of attempted suicide might be expected as greater numbers of people come into personal contact with someone who has attempted suicide and public attitudes towards attempters become more negative .
this would suggest that a spontaneous decline in the incidence of [tried] suicide might be expected as greater numbers of people come into personal contact with someone who has [tried] suicide and public attitudes towards attempters become more negative .

( 1975 ) have suggested that increased public education about the facts of attempted suicide , as opposed to commonly held beliefs , might contribute to the development of less favourable attitudes , which in turn might lead to a reduction in suicide attempts .
( 1975 ) have suggested that increased public education about the facts of [tried] suicide , as opposed to commonly held beliefs , might contribute to the development of less favourable attitudes , which in turn might lead to a reduction in suicide attempts .

The knowledge that attempted suicide is more common among those of lower socioeconomic status and in socially deprived areas , and that attempts often occur against the background of financial and employment problems , suggests that prevention will to some extent depend on political and social factors .
the knowledge that [tried] suicide is more common among those of lower socioeconomic status and in socially deprived areas , and that attempts often occur against the background of financial and employment problems , suggests that prevention will to some extent depend on political and social factors .

Measures directly towards the amelioration of these conditions might be expected to contribute to the prevention of attempted suicide , although other factors — such as the availability of drugs , cultural attitudes , and the level of services available — might have a more immediate effect .
measures directly towards the amelioration of these conditions might be expected to contribute to the prevention of [tried] suicide , although other factors — such as the availability of drugs , cultural attitudes , and the level of services available — might have a more immediate effect .

The obvious meaning of secondary prevention in relation to attempted suicide is reduction in the likelihood of further attempts .
the obvious meaning of secondary prevention in relation to [tried] suicide is reduction in the likelihood of further attempts .

Retrospective investigations of the effectiveness of psychiatric help for attempted suicide patients have provided encouraging results , but the drawbacks of retrospective research , including poor matching of comparison groups especially with regard to subtle factors like motivation for treatment , cast doubts on the validity of the findings .
retrospective investigations of the effectiveness of psychiatric help for [tried] suicide patients have provided encouraging results , but the drawbacks of retrospective research , including poor matching of comparison groups especially with regard to subtle factors like motivation for treatment , cast doubts on the validity of the findings .

In summary , therefore , most special aftercare services have had no effect on repetition rates after attempted suicide .
in summary , therefore , most special aftercare services have had no effect on repetition rates after [tried] suicide .

Attempted suicide continues to present a very challenging problem for medical and psychiatric services .
[tried] suicide continues to present a very challenging problem for medical and psychiatric services .

It is hoped that discussion of the problems faced by attempted suicide patients and the factors which should be kept in mind during their assessment will have left the reader in no doubt as to the crucial nature of the assessment procedure for such patients and the need for it to be done in a careful way by staff who have been appropriately trained .
it is hoped that discussion of the problems faced by [tried] suicide patients and the factors which should be kept in mind during their assessment will have left the reader in no doubt as to the crucial nature of the assessment procedure for such patients and the need for it to be done in a careful way by staff who have been appropriately trained .

Consideration of the diversity of difficulties that face attempted suicide patients , and the range of both the degree of suicidal intent and risk of repetition associated with their behaviour , should have demonstrated why it is most important that the facilities available for management of these patients must be flexible and allow a variety of options .
consideration of the diversity of difficulties that face [tried] suicide patients , and the range of both the degree of suicidal intent and risk of repetition associated with their behaviour , should have demonstrated why it is most important that the facilities available for management of these patients must be flexible and allow a variety of options .

During the past few years a number of different models for hospital services for attempted suicide patients have been developed .
during the past few years a number of different models for hospital services for [tried] suicide patients have been developed .

Whatever type of service is developed , the most important factors would appear to be that , first , the members of a service should be enthusiastic about dealing with attempted suicide patients ; secondly , they should receive appropriate training in assessment and management ; and thirdly , supervision by experienced staff should be available .
whatever type of service is developed , the most important factors would appear to be that , first , the members of a service should be enthusiastic about dealing with [tried] suicide patients ; secondly , they should receive appropriate training in assessment and management ; and thirdly , supervision by experienced staff should be available .

Staff working in centres in which facilities for attempted suicide patients are developed should endeavour to monitor trends in the behaviour in their area .
staff working in centres in which facilities for [tried] suicide patients are developed should endeavour to monitor trends in the behaviour in their area .

There are a number of other needs associated with the problem of attempted suicide .
there are a number of other needs associated with the problem of [tried] suicide .

We appear to be a long way from finding effective means of primary prevention of attempted suicide .
we appear to be a long way from finding effective means of primary prevention of [tried] suicide .

The second approach to prevention is the implementation of educational programmes aimed at modifying the attitudes of young people to attempted suicide .
the second approach to prevention is the implementation of educational programmes aimed at modifying the attitudes of young people to [tried] suicide .

We hope that primary prevention of attempted suicide will not continue to be solely a focus for conjecture .
we hope that primary prevention of [tried] suicide will not continue to be solely a focus for conjecture .

Apart from the load attempted suicide places on health service facilities , it is not yet known whether the high levels of the behaviour in recent years will subsequently be reflected in an increase in the numbers of completed suicides .
apart from the load [tried] suicide places on health service facilities , it is not yet known whether the high levels of the behaviour in recent years will subsequently be reflected in an increase in the numbers of completed suicides .

Some people may define a vague tampering with a door or window at night as an ‘ attempted burglary ’ while others will not .
some people may define a vague tampering with a door or window at night as an ‘ [tried] burglary ’ while others will not .

‘ Rebellions have never succeeded in Ireland , ’ Father Poole said , ‘ and yet they are always attempted .
‘ rebellions have never succeeded in ireland , ’ father poole said , ‘ and yet they are always [tried] .

In order to examine in more detail the interaction between socio-political context , economic problems and educational policies pursued by governments , the case-study countries are grouped according to key problems and the variety of ways in which governments have attempted to deal with them .
in order to examine in more detail the interaction between socio-political context , economic problems and educational policies pursued by governments , the case-study countries are grouped according to key problems and the variety of ways in which governments have [tried] to deal with them .

Government has attempted to overcome severe discrepancies by establishing a Disadvantaged Schools Programme which seeks to provide capital development for communities which are extremely poor .
government has [tried] to overcome severe discrepancies by establishing a disadvantaged schools programme which seeks to provide capital development for communities which are extremely poor .

Some of the churches attempted to provide for the needs of their members by maintaining small libraries .
some of the churches [tried] to provide for the needs of their members by maintaining small libraries .

1981 — the year which saw the attempted assassinations of President Reagan and Pope John Paul . John Lennon and President Sadat were not so fortunate …
1981 — the year which saw the [tried] assassinations of president reagan and pope john paul . john lennon and president sadat were not so fortunate …

Since the 1930s , regional policy has attempted to direct , on the whole , manufacturing companies to the more depressed regions of the north and west of Britain .
since the 1930s , regional policy has [tried] to direct , on the whole , manufacturing companies to the more depressed regions of the north and west of britain .

This attempted to establish uniform expenditure targets that , if substantially exceeded , would initiate penalties .
this [tried] to establish uniform expenditure targets that , if substantially exceeded , would initiate penalties .

This strategy has attempted to moderate expenditure while disposing of public assets .
this strategy has [tried] to moderate expenditure while disposing of public assets .

Yuri Gagarin orbited the earth in the first manned satellite , Stalin 's body was unceremoniously removed from the Moscow Mausoleum , counter revolutionaries attempted to overthrow the Castro regime in Cuba and Scotland were drubbed 9–3 at Wembley .
yuri gagarin orbited the earth in the first manned satellite , stalin 's body was unceremoniously removed from the moscow mausoleum , counter revolutionaries [tried] to overthrow the castro regime in cuba and scotland were drubbed 9–3 at wembley .

In 1989 McMurdo attempted to sue the Manchester United striker Brian McClair in an acrimonious dispute over a £5,000 sponsorship deal with the sportswear company Puma .
in 1989 mcmurdo [tried] to sue the manchester united striker brian mcclair in an acrimonious dispute over a £5,000 sponsorship deal with the sportswear company puma .

During the war , various reforms attempted to consolidate these diverse institutions , including the appointment in February 1855 of Lord Panmure to a position combining both governmental posts .
during the war , various reforms [tried] to consolidate these diverse institutions , including the appointment in february 1855 of lord panmure to a position combining both governmental posts .

Hall no doubt attempted to justify his action , by referring to the meeting that he had with Lewis on 4th August , and although Palmerston said that he had checked with Lewis , there must have been some misunderstanding between the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer .
hall no doubt [tried] to justify his action , by referring to the meeting that he had with lewis on 4th august , and although palmerston said that he had checked with lewis , there must have been some misunderstanding between the prime minister and the chancellor of the exchequer .

The judges were certainly aware that with such an arrangement , they could be seen as having ignored the merits of the designs and the practicalities of execution , and attempted to explain their position in their report to Hall .
the judges were certainly aware that with such an arrangement , they could be seen as having ignored the merits of the designs and the practicalities of execution , and [tried] to explain their position in their report to hall .

The Architects Club , founded in 1791 , was a dining club with limited membership and in no way attempted to be a professional body , but The London Architectural Society , founded in 1806 , was intended to be more representative and instructional .
the architects club , founded in 1791 , was a dining club with limited membership and in no way [tried] to be a professional body , but the london architectural society , founded in 1806 , was intended to be more representative and instructional .

Tite then attempted to explain his attitude .
tite then [tried] to explain his attitude .

The nub of informed consent , they say , is that every human of adult years and sound mind has a right to determine what will be done with his body , and they trace the history of informed consent citing the Nuremberg Code ( 1949 ) and the Declaration of Helsinki ( 1964 , amended 1983 ) , which in the aftermath of war atrocities , attempted to ensure the principle of informed consent .
the nub of informed consent , they say , is that every human of adult years and sound mind has a right to determine what will be done with his body , and they trace the history of informed consent citing the nuremberg code ( 1949 ) and the declaration of helsinki ( 1964 , amended 1983 ) , which in the aftermath of war atrocities , [tried] to ensure the principle of informed consent .

The straight-line system ( SLS ) also attempted to apply Tayloristic notions to apparel but in a way that had more in common with scientific management techniques used in other manufacturing industries .
the straight-line system ( sls ) also [tried] to apply tayloristic notions to apparel but in a way that had more in common with scientific management techniques used in other manufacturing industries .

Early in his career , Paul Rudolph designed a building for Wellesley College that attempted to relate architecturally to the Collegiate Gothic surroundings .
early in his career , paul rudolph designed a building for wellesley college that [tried] to relate architecturally to the collegiate gothic surroundings .

As with the word cholo , individuals have attempted to find the origin of the use of the word pocho in reference to Chicanos .
as with the word cholo , individuals have [tried] to find the origin of the use of the word pocho in reference to chicanos .

A final preliminary will bring us to our attempted definition of an autonomous agent .
a final preliminary will bring us to our [tried] definition of an autonomous agent .

When he attempted to restore national pride by wresting the Suez Canal out of British hands he suffered an embarrassing diplomatic defeat and , at home , unrest turned to opposition .
when he [tried] to restore national pride by wresting the suez canal out of british hands he suffered an embarrassing diplomatic defeat and , at home , unrest turned to opposition .

Greece attempted to stay out of World War II , but Mussolini saw Greece as an ideal addition to his Italian empire .
greece [tried] to stay out of world war ii , but mussolini saw greece as an ideal addition to his italian empire .

They went to work on what has become one of the lengthiest citywide tourism campaigns ever attempted .
they went to work on what has become one of the lengthiest citywide tourism campaigns ever [tried] .

The Spanish settlers built a sugar factory here in 1515 and attempted to develop the site , but the persistent fevers contracted from mosquitoes in the swamps forced them to move and create a new capital at Spanish Town in 1538 .
the spanish settlers built a sugar factory here in 1515 and [tried] to develop the site , but the persistent fevers contracted from mosquitoes in the swamps forced them to move and create a new capital at spanish town in 1538 .

This trend toward building complete resorts is perhaps the best approach attempted in recent years , since it offers something for everyone .
this trend toward building complete resorts is perhaps the best approach [tried] in recent years , since it offers something for everyone .

The National Front attempted to set up a new government first with V. P. Singh and later , in 1991 , with S. Chandra Shekhar as Prime Minister .
the national front [tried] to set up a new government first with v. p. singh and later , in 1991 , with s. chandra shekhar as prime minister .

The Spanish attempted to retake the island in 1658 at the Battle of Rio Bueno but were defeated ; however , this did not alleviate Jamaica ’ s problems .
the spanish [tried] to retake the island in 1658 at the battle of rio bueno but were defeated ; however , this did not alleviate jamaica ’ s problems .

For an overall view of the museum ’ s collections , we ’ ve attempted a small selection of highlights : Egyptian : lion-headed goddess Sekhmet ( 1400 b.c . )
for an overall view of the museum ’ s collections , we ’ ve [tried] a small selection of highlights : egyptian : lion-headed goddess sekhmet ( 1400 b.c . )

Hiring a guide and porter will lower your daily costs to somewhere around $ 20 or $ 25 , while going it alone ( meaning without a guide , as trekking without any companion should not be attempted ) can be done for less than $ 10 a day .
hiring a guide and porter will lower your daily costs to somewhere around $ 20 or $ 25 , while going it alone ( meaning without a guide , as trekking without any companion should not be [tried] ) can be done for less than $ 10 a day .

To carry this a step farther , the Marquis de Vaudreuil , Governor Bienville ’ s successor in 1743 , attempted to transform New Orleans into an overseas Versailles .
to carry this a step farther , the marquis de vaudreuil , governor bienville ’ s successor in 1743 , [tried] to transform new orleans into an overseas versailles .

In 1884 the city attempted to demonstrate its post-war recovery by staging an international fair — the World ’ s Industrial and Cotton Centennial Exposition — on the site of what is now Audubon Park .
in 1884 the city [tried] to demonstrate its post-war recovery by staging an international fair — the world ’ s industrial and cotton centennial exposition — on the site of what is now audubon park .

Later , the Balinese province in Lombok became independent , and even attempted to capture Karangasem !
later , the balinese province in lombok became independent , and even [tried] to capture karangasem !

The city has attempted to enliven the complex by adding a garden with terraces , pools , and niches where music is performed , but there ’ s still little reason to visit , except to see the enormous Steaming Kettle on the south side of the plaza above the door of the eponymous coffee shop .
the city has [tried] to enliven the complex by adding a garden with terraces , pools , and niches where music is performed , but there ’ s still little reason to visit , except to see the enormous steaming kettle on the south side of the plaza above the door of the eponymous coffee shop .

Once re-established in Java , the Dutch attempted to increase their influence and also to prevent the Balinese from plundering ships wrecked off the coast ( the Balinese considered shipwrecks to be gifts from the deities of the seas , and felt it would be insulting to refuse them ) .
once re-established in java , the dutch [tried] to increase their influence and also to prevent the balinese from plundering ships wrecked off the coast ( the balinese considered shipwrecks to be gifts from the deities of the seas , and felt it would be insulting to refuse them ) .

Sukarno attempted to control the competing nationalist , religious , and communist groups ; NASAKOM was the word he used to represent their supposed common interests .
sukarno [tried] to control the competing nationalist , religious , and communist groups ; nasakom was the word he used to represent their supposed common interests .

In 1961 CIA-trained Cuban exiles attempted an overthrow of Castro ’ s regime , resulting in the Bay of Pigs fiasco .
in 1961 cia-trained cuban exiles [tried] an overthrow of castro ’ s regime , resulting in the bay of pigs fiasco .

An excellent exhibition , in the historical rooms of the building where the attempted coup was planned , contains more than 5,000 photographs and historical documents charting the tragic course of resistance .
an excellent exhibition , in the historical rooms of the building where the [tried] coup was planned , contains more than 5,000 photographs and historical documents charting the tragic course of resistance .

Architects Walter Gropius , Mies Van der Rohe , and Marcel Breuer , along with artists Paul Klee , Vasili Kandinsky , Lyonel Feininger , Oskar Schlemmer , and Laszlo Moholy-Nagy attempted to integrate arts , crafts , and architecture into mass industrial society .
architects walter gropius , mies van der rohe , and marcel breuer , along with artists paul klee , vasili kandinsky , lyonel feininger , oskar schlemmer , and laszlo moholy-nagy [tried] to integrate arts , crafts , and architecture into mass industrial society .

The usual version ( legong kraton ) is the tale of a king and the princess he has abducted , performed by the two principals who , using various hand and facial gestures , portray the attempted seduction .
the usual version ( legong kraton ) is the tale of a king and the princess he has abducted , performed by the two principals who , using various hand and facial gestures , portray the [tried] seduction .

When the Greek towns attempted a revolt in 499 b.c. , Athens sent an expedition to aid their uprising .
when the greek towns [tried] a revolt in 499 b.c. , athens sent an expedition to aid their uprising .

Sparta attempted to govern the city through a council of 30 men , known as the “ Thirty Tyrants , ” who spent most of their time persecuting opponents and confiscating property .
sparta [tried] to govern the city through a council of 30 men , known as the “ thirty tyrants , ” who spent most of their time persecuting opponents and confiscating property .

Venetian forces attempted to wrest the city from Ottoman control twice .
venetian forces [tried] to wrest the city from ottoman control twice .

This action spelled the end of public tolerance of the regime , which collapsed eight months later when the junta attempted to overthrow the Cypriot president , Archbishop Makarios , provoking the Turkish invasion of Cyprus .
this action spelled the end of public tolerance of the regime , which collapsed eight months later when the junta [tried] to overthrow the cypriot president , archbishop makarios , provoking the turkish invasion of cyprus .

The family of Neville Chamberlain , the British Prime Minister who attempted to negotiate with Hitler before World War II , created a sisal farm on the island , but the attempt failed miserably .
the family of neville chamberlain , the british prime minister who [tried] to negotiate with hitler before world war ii , created a sisal farm on the island , but the attempt failed miserably .

They attempted to grow cotton in the thin layer of soil but were unsuccessful , and at the announcement of emancipation they abandoned the island , leaving their slaves behind .
they [tried] to grow cotton in the thin layer of soil but were unsuccessful , and at the announcement of emancipation they abandoned the island , leaving their slaves behind .

The Legislature has attempted to address the problem by establishing family- law facilitator offices throughout the state to help litigants in child-support matters .
the legislature has [tried] to address the problem by establishing family- law facilitator offices throughout the state to help litigants in child-support matters .

In addition , we attempted to select organizations from a variety of business sectors to gain a broad perspective on the information security practices being employed .
in addition , we [tried] to select organizations from a variety of business sectors to gain a broad perspective on the information security practices being employed .

Although we attempted to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study , we recognize that more work in this area remains to be done , including a more in-depth study of individual practices .
although we [tried] to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study , we recognize that more work in this area remains to be done , including a more in-depth study of individual practices .

For example , the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels , attempted to maintain a challenging work environment , and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week .
for example , the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels , [tried] to maintain a challenging work environment , and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week .

The Commission describes how , in response to these comments , it attempted to minimize the burdens on small entities by : -- limiting the regulations to mass market two-way voice services , -- providing for waivers for small rural carriers , -- accepting the recommendation of trade associations and public safety organizations to extend the implementation period for some provisions over a 5-year period , and -- offsetting the burden on small entities by requiring that a cost recovery mechanism will be in place before requiring implementation of the requirements .
the commission describes how , in response to these comments , it [tried] to minimize the burdens on small entities by : -- limiting the regulations to mass market two-way voice services , -- providing for waivers for small rural carriers , -- accepting the recommendation of trade associations and public safety organizations to extend the implementation period for some provisions over a 5-year period , and -- offsetting the burden on small entities by requiring that a cost recovery mechanism will be in place before requiring implementation of the requirements .

None of these programs had completed more than 26 percent of their engineering drawings for their critical design reviews , and only the F-22 and PAC-3 programs attempted to track the capability of their critical manufacturing processes prior to production .
none of these programs had completed more than 26 percent of their engineering drawings for their critical design reviews , and only the f-22 and pac-3 programs [tried] to track the capability of their critical manufacturing processes prior to production .

Although this did not match the standard set by commercial companies , it offered major improvements over what other DOD programs had attempted or achieved .
although this did not match the standard set by commercial companies , it offered major improvements over what other dod programs had [tried] or achieved .

In addition , we attempted to select organizations from a variety of business sectors to gain a broad perspective on the information security practices being employed .
in addition , we [tried] to select organizations from a variety of business sectors to gain a broad perspective on the information security practices being employed .

Although we attempted to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study , we recognize that more work in this area remains to be done , including a more in-depth study of individual practices .
although we [tried] to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study , we recognize that more work in this area remains to be done , including a more in-depth study of individual practices .

For example , the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels , attempted to maintain a challenging work environment , and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week .
for example , the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels , [tried] to maintain a challenging work environment , and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week .

The organizations also adjusted the meeting times and lengths to accommodate member needs and attempted to enhance the meeting 's efficiency and effectiveness by limiting the time for presentations , approving most topics and presentations before the meetings , and adjusting meeting times to maximize face-to-face discussions between members .
the organizations also adjusted the meeting times and lengths to accommodate member needs and [tried] to enhance the meeting 's efficiency and effectiveness by limiting the time for presentations , approving most topics and presentations before the meetings , and adjusting meeting times to maximize face-to-face discussions between members .

These long-term leaders told us that , to help ensure continuity and diminish reliance on a single individual , they attempted to institutionalize their roles by bringing in additional people to assist in leading their organizations and performing such duties as enforcing membership rules and keeping current on issues and topics affecting their organization 's members .
these long-term leaders told us that , to help ensure continuity and diminish reliance on a single individual , they [tried] to institutionalize their roles by bringing in additional people to assist in leading their organizations and performing such duties as enforcing membership rules and keeping current on issues and topics affecting their organization 's members .

He said that in the mid-1990s , his command attempted to , but could not , find an effective program for capturing and using employees ' official frequent flyer miles anywhere in DOD .
he said that in the mid-1990s , his command [tried] to , but could not , find an effective program for capturing and using employees ' official frequent flyer miles anywhere in dod .

Nevertheless , some evidence suggests that the existence of Social Security may have reduced personal saving , and numerous studies have attempted to estimate the saving offset.19 However , given that Social Security was established in 1935 and Medicare in 1965 , it seems unlikely that these programs were major contributors to the decline in the personal saving rate over the 1980s and 1990s .
nevertheless , some evidence suggests that the existence of social security may have reduced personal saving , and numerous studies have [tried] to estimate the saving offset.19 however , given that social security was established in 1935 and medicare in 1965 , it seems unlikely that these programs were major contributors to the decline in the personal saving rate over the 1980s and 1990s .

Researchers have also attempted to estimate the effect of employer-sponsored 401 ( k ) plans on personal saving .
researchers have also [tried] to estimate the effect of employer-sponsored 401 ( k ) plans on personal saving .

The attempted restriction is designed to insulate the Government 's interpretation of the Constitution from judicial challenge .
the [tried] restriction is designed to insulate the government 's interpretation of the constitution from judicial challenge .

However , the Committee has been made aware of concerns that LSC has attempted to impose its own reconfiguration plans on certain States without clearly articulating standards for such decisions .
however , the committee has been made aware of concerns that lsc has [tried] to impose its own reconfiguration plans on certain states without clearly articulating standards for such decisions .

H-2A 's have attempted to obtain legal assistance anonymously due to fear of employer reprisal .
h-2a 's have [tried] to obtain legal assistance anonymously due to fear of employer reprisal .

Where legal services workers have attempted to overcome these barriers by going to the labor camp to see H-2A workers , in some cases legal services workers have been denied access to the camps .
where legal services workers have [tried] to overcome these barriers by going to the labor camp to see h-2a workers , in some cases legal services workers have been denied access to the camps .

Notwithstanding these concerns , EPA attempted to respond to the Senators ' request by mapping in the critical assumptions of the CEF as a range of policies that provide a set of alternative assumptions about the future .
notwithstanding these concerns , epa [tried] to respond to the senators ' request by mapping in the critical assumptions of the cef as a range of policies that provide a set of alternative assumptions about the future .

Contradicting himself , he also says that , as instructed , they attempted to enroll in three language schools in Los Angeles .
contradicting himself , he also says that , as instructed , they [tried] to enroll in three language schools in los angeles .

On May 6 , 2003 , Thumairy attempted to reenter the United States from Saudi Arabia but was refused entry , based on a determination by the State Department that he might be connected with terrorist activity .
on may 6 , 2003 , thumairy [tried] to reenter the united states from saudi arabia but was refused entry , based on a determination by the state department that he might be connected with terrorist activity .

However , Bayoumi has said that he and Bin Don attempted to visit the King Fahd mosque after lunch but could not find it .
however , bayoumi has said that he and bin don [tried] to visit the king fahd mosque after lunch but could not find it .

KSM attempted to drop Mihdhar from the planes operation and would have done so , he says , had he not been overruled by Bin Ladin .
ksm [tried] to drop mihdhar from the planes operation and would have done so , he says , had he not been overruled by bin ladin .

On August 22 , moreover , Jarrah attempted to purchase four GPS units from a pilot shop in Miami .
on august 22 , moreover , jarrah [tried] to purchase four gps units from a pilot shop in miami .

It is unclear when the first full building evacuation order was attempted over the public-address system .
it is unclear when the first full building evacuation order was [tried] over the public-address system .

Both FDNY and NYPD protocols called for FDNY personnel to be placed in NYPD helicopters in the event of an attempted rooftop rescue at a high-rise fire .
both fdny and nypd protocols called for fdny personnel to be placed in nypd helicopters in the event of an [tried] rooftop rescue at a high-rise fire .

Putting themselves in danger of falling debris , several officers entered the plaza and successfully rescued at least one injured , nonambulatory civilian , and attempted to rescue others .
putting themselves in danger of falling debris , several officers entered the plaza and successfully rescued at least one injured , nonambulatory civilian , and [tried] to rescue others .

Many had attempted but failed to squeeze into packed express elevators .
many had [tried] but failed to squeeze into packed express elevators .

For example , while FDNY dispatch advised Field Comm that 100 people were reported via 911 to be trapped on the 105th floor of the North Tower , and Field Comm then attempted to convey that report to chiefs at the outdoor command post , this information did not reach the North Tower lobby .
for example , while fdny dispatch advised field comm that 100 people were reported via 911 to be trapped on the 105th floor of the north tower , and field comm then [tried] to convey that report to chiefs at the outdoor command post , this information did not reach the north tower lobby .

They attempted to check in with the FDNY chiefs present , but were rebuffed .
they [tried] to check in with the fdny chiefs present , but were rebuffed .

This pilot 's helicopter never attempted to hover directly over the tower .
this pilot 's helicopter never [tried] to hover directly over the tower .

Some units whose members had become separated during the climb attempted to regroup so they could descend together .
some units whose members had become separated during the climb [tried] to regroup so they could descend together .

Many of these men were thrown off their feet by the collapse of the South Tower ; they then attempted to regroup in the darkness of the debris cloud and evacuate civilians and themselves , not knowing that the South Tower had collapsed .
many of these men were thrown off their feet by the collapse of the south tower ; they then [tried] to regroup in the darkness of the debris cloud and evacuate civilians and themselves , not knowing that the south tower had collapsed .

Nevertheless , many of these firefighters died , either because they delayed their evacuation to assist civilians , attempted to regroup their units , lacked urgency , or some combination of these factors .
nevertheless , many of these firefighters died , either because they delayed their evacuation to assist civilians , [tried] to regroup their units , lacked urgency , or some combination of these factors .

In addition , Nawaf al Hazmi attempted to send Hawsawi the debit card for Mihdhar 's bank account , which still contained approximately $ 10,000 .
in addition , nawaf al hazmi [tried] to send hawsawi the debit card for mihdhar 's bank account , which still contained approximately $ 10,000 .

When the FBI attempted to contact the co-worker ( and roommate ) who had requested some photographs , it was determined that he had fled without receiving his last paycheck after learning that the FBI had asked his employer some questions about him .
when the fbi [tried] to contact the co-worker ( and roommate ) who had requested some photographs , it was determined that he had fled without receiving his last paycheck after learning that the fbi had asked his employer some questions about him .

Wolfowitz added in his memo that he had attempted in June to get the CIA to explore these theories .
wolfowitz added in his memo that he had [tried] in june to get the cia to explore these theories .

In February 1974 , a man named Samuel Byck attempted to commandeer a plane at Baltimore Washington International Airport with the intention of forcing the pilots to fly into Washington and crash into the White House to kill the president .
in february 1974 , a man named samuel byck [tried] to commandeer a plane at baltimore washington international airport with the intention of forcing the pilots to fly into washington and crash into the white house to kill the president .

On the attempted assassination of Bin Ladin , see FBI report of investigation , interview of L'Houssaine Kherchtou , Oct. 15 , 2000 ; FBI report of investigation , interview of confidential source , Sept. 16 , 1999 .
on the [tried] assassination of bin ladin , see fbi report of investigation , interview of l'houssaine kherchtou , oct. 15 , 2000 ; fbi report of investigation , interview of confidential source , sept. 16 , 1999 .

The intention was to say that they could use lethal force if the attempted capture seemed impossible to complete successfully .
the intention was to say that they could use lethal force if the [tried] capture seemed impossible to complete successfully .

The next day , Wolfowitz renewed the argument , writing to Rumsfeld about the interest of Yousef 's co-conspirator in the 1995 Manila air plot in crashing an explosives-laden plane into CIA headquarters , and about information from a foreign government regarding Iraqis ' involvement in the attempted hijacking of a Gulf Air flight .
the next day , wolfowitz renewed the argument , writing to rumsfeld about the interest of yousef 's co-conspirator in the 1995 manila air plot in crashing an explosives-laden plane into cia headquarters , and about information from a foreign government regarding iraqis ' involvement in the [tried] hijacking of a gulf air flight .

In January 2000 , their team had attempted to attack a warship in the port of Aden , but the attempt failed when the suicide boat sank .
in january 2000 , their team had [tried] to attack a warship in the port of aden , but the attempt failed when the suicide boat sank .

Deputy Secretary Armitage told us that before 9/11 , the envisioned new approach to Pakistan had not yet been attempted .
deputy secretary armitage told us that before 9/11 , the envisioned new approach to pakistan had not yet been [tried] .

The attempted assassination in Ethiopia of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in June 1995 appears to have been a tipping point .
the [tried] assassination in ethiopia of egyptian president hosni mubarak in june 1995 appears to have been a tipping point .

Yousef attempted to follow through on the cargo carriers plan , but he was arrested in Islamabad by Pakistani authorities on February 7 , 1995 , after an accomplice turned him in .
yousef [tried] to follow through on the cargo carriers plan , but he was arrested in islamabad by pakistani authorities on february 7 , 1995 , after an accomplice turned him in .

The eventual result was an attempted attack on the USS The Sullivans in January 2000 and the successful attack , in October 2000 , on the USS Cole .
the eventual result was an [tried] attack on the uss the sullivans in january 2000 and the successful attack , in october 2000 , on the uss cole .

He first attempted to leave Yemen in 1995 , when he applied for a U.S. visa .
he first [tried] to leave yemen in 1995 , when he applied for a u.s. visa .

To understand these events , we attempted to reconstruct some of the context of the 1990s .
to understand these events , we [tried] to reconstruct some of the context of the 1990s .

Congress attempted to strengthen the DCI 's authority in 1996 by creating the positions of deputy DCI for community management and assistant DCIs for collection , analysis and production , and administration .
congress [tried] to strengthen the dci 's authority in 1996 by creating the positions of deputy dci for community management and assistant dcis for collection , analysis and production , and administration .

Furthermore , this approach attempted to channel relatively strong outside support for combating terrorism into backing for across-the-board funding increases .
furthermore , this approach [tried] to channel relatively strong outside support for combating terrorism into backing for across-the-board funding increases .

An FBI agent detailed to the Bin Ladin unit at CIA attempted to share this information with colleagues at FBI headquarters .
an fbi agent detailed to the bin ladin unit at cia [tried] to share this information with colleagues at fbi headquarters .

The alleged attempt was reported on August 10 , 2000 ; see CIA memo , Bonk to McCarthy and Clarke , `` Attempted Interdiction of Suspect Bin Ladin 's Convoy , '' Aug. 11 , 2000 .
the alleged attempt was reported on august 10 , 2000 ; see cia memo , bonk to mccarthy and clarke , `` [tried] interdiction of suspect bin ladin 's convoy , '' aug. 11 , 2000 .

Despite the disparate views as to whether Thumairy qualified as an extremist while he was in Los Angeles , it does appear that both the Saudi Arabian government and the leadership of the mosque attempted to discipline him in the summer of 2002 and early 2003 for espousing extremist views .
despite the disparate views as to whether thumairy qualified as an extremist while he was in los angeles , it does appear that both the saudi arabian government and the leadership of the mosque [tried] to discipline him in the summer of 2002 and early 2003 for espousing extremist views .

Working with agencies of the U.S. government , we have attempted to locate and interview Benomrane overseas , since he was deported in 2002 .
working with agencies of the u.s. government , we have [tried] to locate and interview benomrane overseas , since he was deported in 2002 .

Even before learning of Abdullah 's alleged jailhouse conversations , we attempted to interview him in November 2003 , while he was incarcerated and awaiting deportation .
even before learning of abdullah 's alleged jailhouse conversations , we [tried] to interview him in november 2003 , while he was incarcerated and awaiting deportation .

We attempted to locate and interview him in Yemen , working with U.S. agencies and the Yemeni government , as well as other governments that might have knowledge of his whereabouts .
we [tried] to locate and interview him in yemen , working with u.s. agencies and the yemeni government , as well as other governments that might have knowledge of his whereabouts .

Shalawi was involved in a widely publicized incident in November 1999 , when he and his friend Muhammed al Qudhaieen were detained because the crew of a cross-country America West flight reported that Qudhaieen had attempted to open the cockpit door on two occasions .
shalawi was involved in a widely publicized incident in november 1999 , when he and his friend muhammed al qudhaieen were detained because the crew of a cross-country america west flight reported that qudhaieen had [tried] to open the cockpit door on two occasions .

Reports that Atta was in the Prague airport on May 30-31 , 2000 , and that he was turned back because he lacked a visa appear to be a case of mistaken identity : a Pakistani traveler with a name similar to Atta 's attempted to enter the Czech Republic from Saudi Arabia via Germany but was forced to return to Germany because he lacked a valid Czech visa .
reports that atta was in the prague airport on may 30-31 , 2000 , and that he was turned back because he lacked a visa appear to be a case of mistaken identity : a pakistani traveler with a name similar to atta 's [tried] to enter the czech republic from saudi arabia via germany but was forced to return to germany because he lacked a valid czech visa .

Starting at 8:22 , Amy Sweeney attempted by airphone to contact the American Airlines flight services office at Logan , which managed the scheduling and operation of flight attendants .
starting at 8:22 , amy sweeney [tried] by airphone to contact the american airlines flight services office at logan , which managed the scheduling and operation of flight attendants .

Just increasing the attacker 's odds of failure may make the difference between a plan attempted , or a plan discarded .
just increasing the attacker 's odds of failure may make the difference between a plan [tried] , or a plan discarded .

Boston Center knew of a problem on the flight in part because just before 8:25 the hijackers had attempted to communicate with the passengers .
boston center knew of a problem on the flight in part because just before 8:25 the hijackers had [tried] to communicate with the passengers .

At 9:32 , a hijacker , probably Jarrah , made or attempted to make the following announcement to the passengers of Flight 93 : '' Ladies and Gentlemen : Here the captain , please sit down keep remaining sitting .
at 9:32 , a hijacker , probably jarrah , made or [tried] to make the following announcement to the passengers of flight 93 : '' ladies and gentlemen : here the captain , please sit down keep remaining sitting .

Lacking any evidence that the hijackers attempted to smuggle such illegal items past the security screening checkpoints , we believe the bombs were probably fake .
lacking any evidence that the hijackers [tried] to smuggle such illegal items past the security screening checkpoints , we believe the bombs were probably fake .

The C-130H pilot spotted it , identified it as a Boeing 757 , attempted to follow its path , and at 9:38 , seconds after impact , reported to the control tower : '' looks like that aircraft crashed into the Pentagon sir . ''
the c-130h pilot spotted it , identified it as a boeing 757 , [tried] to follow its path , and at 9:38 , seconds after impact , reported to the control tower : '' looks like that aircraft crashed into the pentagon sir . ''

The controller attempted again to raise United 93 several times , with no response .
the controller [tried] again to raise united 93 several times , with no response .

It was improvised by civilians who had never handled a hijacked aircraft that attempted to disappear , and by a military unprepared for the transformation of commercial aircraft into weapons of mass destruction .
it was improvised by civilians who had never handled a hijacked aircraft that [tried] to disappear , and by a military unprepared for the transformation of commercial aircraft into weapons of mass destruction .

Sternberg has attempted to apply a modified version of additive factor theory to brain systems using neuroimaging that allows for some of these possibilities [ 15,16 ] .
sternberg has [tried] to apply a modified version of additive factor theory to brain systems using neuroimaging that allows for some of these possibilities [ 15,16 ] .

Three groups of investigators then attempted to treat the disease by infusing exogenous enzyme .
three groups of investigators then [tried] to treat the disease by infusing exogenous enzyme .

Studies using questionnaires have attempted to ask whether there is a relationship between wheezing and physical activity .
studies using questionnaires have [tried] to ask whether there is a relationship between wheezing and physical activity .

Authors have frequently attempted to assess whether rates in a given study are similar to those obtained elsewhere .
authors have frequently [tried] to assess whether rates in a given study are similar to those obtained elsewhere .

In a paper in this month 's PLoS Medicine , Mark Larché and colleagues have attempted to dissect out this pathway in a group of individuals with asthma and allergy to cats .
in a paper in this month 's plos medicine , mark larché and colleagues have [tried] to dissect out this pathway in a group of individuals with asthma and allergy to cats .

We attempted to adjust for bias in self-reporting and secondhand exposure by using serum cotinine levels , but residual confounding may exist .
we [tried] to adjust for bias in self-reporting and secondhand exposure by using serum cotinine levels , but residual confounding may exist .

The concept of islet transplantation is not new—investigators as early as the English surgeon Charles Pybus ( 1882–1975 ) attempted to graft pancreatic tissue to cure diabetes .
the concept of islet transplantation is not new—investigators as early as the english surgeon charles pybus ( 1882–1975 ) [tried] to graft pancreatic tissue to cure diabetes .

Lastly , the current methods for islet isolation need improvement , since only about half of attempted isolations produce transplant-ready islets .
lastly , the current methods for islet isolation need improvement , since only about half of [tried] isolations produce transplant-ready islets .

In the 1990s , the Clinton administration attempted to introduce a comprehensive system of funding universal health care .
in the 1990s , the clinton administration [tried] to introduce a comprehensive system of funding universal health care .

I have talked with , and attempted to recruit , many Afro-Americans for the doctoral program at the School of Dentistry .
i have talked with , and [tried] to recruit , many afro-americans for the doctoral program at the school of dentistry .

His Reverend uncle was the founder of ZAPU ( 1961 ) , then ZANU ( 1963 with Robert Mugabe ) , then tried for attempted assassination of Robert Mugabe in 199627 .
his reverend uncle was the founder of zapu ( 1961 ) , then zanu ( 1963 with robert mugabe ) , then tried for [tried] assassination of robert mugabe in 199627 .

One of the ways it asserts this attempted integration is to believe the individual thoughts that pass through our minds ( scientists concerned with thoughts and consciousness say a thought passes through in around 20 seconds , and that a new one occurs at least as often ) are connected to each other , although they are not -- in fact -- connected by anything except the assertion of their connectedness .
one of the ways it asserts this [tried] integration is to believe the individual thoughts that pass through our minds ( scientists concerned with thoughts and consciousness say a thought passes through in around 20 seconds , and that a new one occurs at least as often ) are connected to each other , although they are not -- in fact -- connected by anything except the assertion of their connectedness .

In the reign of Jehoshaphat ( BC 914 ) the Edomites attempted to invade Israel but failed .
in the reign of jehoshaphat ( bc 914 ) the edomites [tried] to invade israel but failed .

I remember it as a decent , shabby old thing -- not a fleapit , but nothing that attempted to be in any way sybaritic .
i remember it as a decent , shabby old thing -- not a fleapit , but nothing that [tried] to be in any way sybaritic .

A 10-year-old once attempted to explain to me the plot of a convoluted kiddie sword-and-sorcery epic .
a 10-year-old once [tried] to explain to me the plot of a convoluted kiddie sword-and-sorcery epic .

The papers report inside that George Harrison will recover from his stab wounds and that the man who inflicted them was charged with attempted murder and scheduled for psychiatric evaluation .
the papers report inside that george harrison will recover from his stab wounds and that the man who inflicted them was charged with [tried] murder and scheduled for psychiatric evaluation .

That , in essence , is the case against Microsoft 's attempted destruction of the Netscape browser in order to defend its monopoly in operating systems .
that , in essence , is the case against microsoft 's [tried] destruction of the netscape browser in order to defend its monopoly in operating systems .

Instead the British have attempted `` to stay on the world stage by associating themselves with U.S. global supremacy .
instead the british have [tried] `` to stay on the world stage by associating themselves with u.s. global supremacy .

We have attempted to gently give Moe the message that he 's not welcome unless invited , but it just bounces off Moe 's tact-proof armor .
we have [tried] to gently give moe the message that he 's not welcome unless invited , but it just bounces off moe 's tact-proof armor .

The Aviation Consumer Action Project , a Ralph Nader group , says that in an attempted water landing , a wide body jet would `` shatter like a raw egg dropped on pavement , killing most if not all passengers on impact , even in calm seas with well-trained pilots and good landing trajectories . ''
the aviation consumer action project , a ralph nader group , says that in an [tried] water landing , a wide body jet would `` shatter like a raw egg dropped on pavement , killing most if not all passengers on impact , even in calm seas with well-trained pilots and good landing trajectories . ''

Ironically , one of the biggest news splashes made by Yates in the last decade was when one of his staffers invoked Sid 's clout and attempted to set up dog-walking runs in Rock Creek Park .
ironically , one of the biggest news splashes made by yates in the last decade was when one of his staffers invoked sid 's clout and [tried] to set up dog-walking runs in rock creek park .

Chicago 's New Comiskey Park , which opened in 1991 , attempted to address the character question with a superficial postmodern facade that in some ways resembled the exterior of the golden-era park it replaced .
chicago 's new comiskey park , which opened in 1991 , [tried] to address the character question with a superficial postmodern facade that in some ways resembled the exterior of the golden-era park it replaced .

Almost as soon as he was elected , Yates attempted self-immolation by voting against the McCarran Act , which placed McCarthyite restrictions on visitors to the United States .
almost as soon as he was elected , yates [tried] self-immolation by voting against the mccarran act , which placed mccarthyite restrictions on visitors to the united states .

I still have a copy of the restraining order he obtained when I attempted , in an excess of neighborly zeal , to climb the fire escape in the loft next to his in that gritty industrial area he called home .
i still have a copy of the restraining order he obtained when i [tried] , in an excess of neighborly zeal , to climb the fire escape in the loft next to his in that gritty industrial area he called home .

I went over to him and , under the guise of congratulating him on his moving speech , attempted to check out what he had in his cart .
i went over to him and , under the guise of congratulating him on his moving speech , [tried] to check out what he had in his cart .

I attempted to do big things without ever losing sight of the little things . ''
i [tried] to do big things without ever losing sight of the little things . ''

For those of you who missed the , the Shopping Avenger attempted to help an aggrieved U-Haul customer who made a reservation for a truck , only to be told close to the time of pick-up that no such reservation existed .
for those of you who missed the , the shopping avenger [tried] to help an aggrieved u-haul customer who made a reservation for a truck , only to be told close to the time of pick-up that no such reservation existed .

Richard Lamm , who attempted to wrest leadership of the party away from Perot , is a classic Greater New England progressive , as is former Connecticut Gov .
richard lamm , who [tried] to wrest leadership of the party away from perot , is a classic greater new england progressive , as is former connecticut gov .

I was at a picnic where people played a game -- a game in which they attempted to flay each other using hand-held metal hooks , stripping skin away from their ribs and spines .
i was at a picnic where people played a game -- a game in which they [tried] to flay each other using hand-held metal hooks , stripping skin away from their ribs and spines .

It 's the same twilight zone that Steven Spielberg attempted to capture in Saving Private Ryan ( 1998 ) .
it 's the same twilight zone that steven spielberg [tried] to capture in saving private ryan ( 1998 ) .

Plan A went awry , however , when the British arrested Kovner as he attempted to leave Palestine .
plan a went awry , however , when the british arrested kovner as he [tried] to leave palestine .

Steve Forbes allegedly attempted to hire temps to vote for him and is offering straw-poll supporters free balloon rides and face-painting for their kids .
steve forbes allegedly [tried] to hire temps to vote for him and is offering straw-poll supporters free balloon rides and face-painting for their kids .

One scenario has Tripp -- with the assistance of lawyers involved in the Jones case or otherwise committed to conservative causes -- prodding the gullible Lewinsky to write the TP so she , Tripp , would have clear evidence of attempted obstruction of justice .
one scenario has tripp -- with the assistance of lawyers involved in the jones case or otherwise committed to conservative causes -- prodding the gullible lewinsky to write the tp so she , tripp , would have clear evidence of [tried] obstruction of justice .

The few who have attempted to write debunking pieces about him have failed miserably .
the few who have [tried] to write debunking pieces about him have failed miserably .

Before the Dallas Morning News exposed him as an attempted murderer and he went underground , J.H .
before the dallas morning news exposed him as an [tried] murderer and he went underground , j.h .

The NYT fronts and the rest of the papers go inside with what is perhaps the world land speed record for credibility disintegration : not only does that St. Martin 's Press book alleging that George W. Bush has a coke conviction in his past not contain a shred of convincing evidence , but it turns out that the book 's author is apparently a convicted felon who did a five-year stretch for attempted murder .
the nyt fronts and the rest of the papers go inside with what is perhaps the world land speed record for credibility disintegration : not only does that st. martin 's press book alleging that george w. bush has a coke conviction in his past not contain a shred of convincing evidence , but it turns out that the book 's author is apparently a convicted felon who did a five-year stretch for [tried] murder .

Those who endured it ( I felt caged , which might have been Kopple 's intent ) saw the celebrity polite but frozen-faced as star struck well-wishers attempted to make conversation with him , then moaning that he wished he could be back in his New York apartment or editing room .
those who endured it ( i felt caged , which might have been kopple 's intent ) saw the celebrity polite but frozen-faced as star struck well-wishers [tried] to make conversation with him , then moaning that he wished he could be back in his new york apartment or editing room .

Some conservatives have attempted to associate Flytrap with the political and cultural values of the 1960s -- let it all hang out and so on -- though they also have insisted that feminists are betraying feminism 's roots in the same period by failing to condemn the male perpetrator .
some conservatives have [tried] to associate flytrap with the political and cultural values of the 1960s -- let it all hang out and so on -- though they also have insisted that feminists are betraying feminism 's roots in the same period by failing to condemn the male perpetrator .

The district attorney plans to charge him with six counts of first-degree assault , and New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani says `` he should be prosecuted for attempted murder . ''
the district attorney plans to charge him with six counts of first-degree assault , and new york mayor rudy giuliani says `` he should be prosecuted for [tried] murder . ''

Were somebody to start it at a Washington cocktail party , the guests would scurry into the other room as surely as if that someone had said `` Let 's build the bridge to the 21st century '' or attempted to redebate the Vietnam War ... Of course , Washingtonians may have chosen up sides in this fashion in part because so many people in the capital need to choose up sides in order to do their jobs , in part because the only thing more boring than having an opinion on Flytrap is not having one ( `` I think only time will tell . ''
were somebody to start it at a washington cocktail party , the guests would scurry into the other room as surely as if that someone had said `` let 's build the bridge to the 21st century '' or [tried] to redebate the vietnam war ... of course , washingtonians may have chosen up sides in this fashion in part because so many people in the capital need to choose up sides in order to do their jobs , in part because the only thing more boring than having an opinion on flytrap is not having one ( `` i think only time will tell . ''

After the assembly passed orders to prevent the Congress from making new laws , the Congress attempted yesterday to enter the locked Capitol building in defiance of the order .
after the assembly passed orders to prevent the congress from making new laws , the congress [tried] yesterday to enter the locked capitol building in defiance of the order .

In a far more serious vein , the time when , as a prisoner of war in Hanoi , McCain attempted to hang himself with his shirt .
in a far more serious vein , the time when , as a prisoner of war in hanoi , mccain [tried] to hang himself with his shirt .

Neither of these seminal contributions to the literature , however , satisfactorily explained ( or , indeed , even attempted to explicate ) the motivation behind the GOP leadership 's effort to accelerate the shuffle off this mortal coil into a 50-yard dash .
neither of these seminal contributions to the literature , however , satisfactorily explained ( or , indeed , even [tried] to explicate ) the motivation behind the gop leadership 's effort to accelerate the shuffle off this mortal coil into a 50-yard dash .

Largent is devoutly religious , looks like a male model , and stood firm as a supporter of the attempted Gingrich coup ( even after it failed ) .
largent is devoutly religious , looks like a male model , and stood firm as a supporter of the [tried] gingrich coup ( even after it failed ) .

Last year Jerry attempted a return to the straight world .
last year jerry [tried] a return to the straight world .

This spring , he attempted to prevent the Senate from voting on the Chemical Weapons Convention .
this spring , he [tried] to prevent the senate from voting on the chemical weapons convention .

His staff shepherds him from meeting to meeting , writes his public statements , and cleans up after his many gaffes , such as his attempted pass at Sen. Patty Murray . )
his staff shepherds him from meeting to meeting , writes his public statements , and cleans up after his many gaffes , such as his [tried] pass at sen. patty murray . )

During this final season , Roseanne attempted the most desperate plot device of them all : She had her TV family win $ 108 million in the lottery , replicating her own rags-to-riches story .
during this final season , roseanne [tried] the most desperate plot device of them all : she had her tv family win $ 108 million in the lottery , replicating her own rags-to-riches story .

When this person attempted to wash up after providing the required sample , it turned out the tester had removed the handles from the faucets ( apparently to prevent the applicant from diluting the product ) .
when this person [tried] to wash up after providing the required sample , it turned out the tester had removed the handles from the faucets ( apparently to prevent the applicant from diluting the product ) .

Because it took government rescue teams nine hours to arrive there , survivors at first attempted to dig out victims with pickaxes and sledgehammers .
because it took government rescue teams nine hours to arrive there , survivors at first [tried] to dig out victims with pickaxes and sledgehammers .

The same newspaper reported the `` disappointment and grave concern '' expressed by South African President Nelson Mandela over the detention without charges on Christmas Day of the Zambian founder-president and independence hero , Kenneth Kaunda , by the current Zambian president , Frederick Chiluba , who claimed that Kaunda had been implicated in an attempted coup d'état last October .
the same newspaper reported the `` disappointment and grave concern '' expressed by south african president nelson mandela over the detention without charges on christmas day of the zambian founder-president and independence hero , kenneth kaunda , by the current zambian president , frederick chiluba , who claimed that kaunda had been implicated in an [tried] coup d'état last october .

USA Today and the Washington Post lead with revelations from newly disclosed R.J. Reynolds internal documents that seem to show that the company has persistently attempted to market cigarettes to teens .
usa today and the washington post lead with revelations from newly disclosed r.j. reynolds internal documents that seem to show that the company has persistently [tried] to market cigarettes to teens .

When the industry attempted to create , the same activists protested again , declaring the `` safer '' cigarette evil because it would encourage smokers to continue their habit .
when the industry [tried] to create , the same activists protested again , declaring the `` safer '' cigarette evil because it would encourage smokers to continue their habit .

The finale is reminiscent of one of those Pollyanna-ish endings on Beverly Hills 90210 such as when Donna gets out of the hospital after an attempted rape , and the whole gang gathers at the Peach Pit for a supersupportive celebration .
the finale is reminiscent of one of those pollyanna-ish endings on beverly hills 90210 such as when donna gets out of the hospital after an [tried] rape , and the whole gang gathers at the peach pit for a supersupportive celebration .

In the 1940s , the émigré novelist held a part-time job at Harvard 's Museum of Comparative Zoology and published the first attempted classification of an obscure group of blue butterflies known as Polyommatini .
in the 1940s , the émigré novelist held a part-time job at harvard 's museum of comparative zoology and published the first [tried] classification of an obscure group of blue butterflies known as polyommatini .

Then he explained that in coming weeks he 'd be talking about nutrition and agriculture in the service of ADM. Brinkley 's appearance as a pitchman in the middle of his old program was so disconcerting that when This Week resumed , co-host Cokie Roberts attempted to salvage the show 's good name by reiterating Brinkley 's disclaimer .
then he explained that in coming weeks he 'd be talking about nutrition and agriculture in the service of adm. brinkley 's appearance as a pitchman in the middle of his old program was so disconcerting that when this week resumed , co-host cokie roberts [tried] to salvage the show 's good name by reiterating brinkley 's disclaimer .

The most politically explosive accusation is that agents of the Chinese government attempted to influence the 1996 elections in favor of Clinton and the Democrats through covert campaign contributions , and that administration officials were warned about the practice but did not act .
the most politically explosive accusation is that agents of the chinese government [tried] to influence the 1996 elections in favor of clinton and the democrats through covert campaign contributions , and that administration officials were warned about the practice but did not act .

If we attempted to remedy it by instituting an all-female priesthood for the next two millennia , I 'd be equally opposed .
if we [tried] to remedy it by instituting an all-female priesthood for the next two millennia , i 'd be equally opposed .

The lengthy Wall Street Journal account points out that unlike many of the recent mergers , which have at least attempted a merger of the CEOs as well , in this deal the Ameritech brass are bailing out ( with golden parachutes of course ) .
the lengthy wall street journal account points out that unlike many of the recent mergers , which have at least [tried] a merger of the ceos as well , in this deal the ameritech brass are bailing out ( with golden parachutes of course ) .

According to the study of the medical records of 2,400 women , the most comprehensive of its kind ever attempted , 32 percent of all American women who undergo annual breast checkups for a decade can expect to get at least one false mammogram indication of a tumor .
according to the study of the medical records of 2,400 women , the most comprehensive of its kind ever [tried] , 32 percent of all american women who undergo annual breast checkups for a decade can expect to get at least one false mammogram indication of a tumor .

The film 's epilogue mentions that he fled Tibet in 1959 , though it mentions neither that this took place in the middle of an attempted rebellion against the occupiers nor that his Buddhist beliefs had previously led him to cooperate with the Chinese .
the film 's epilogue mentions that he fled tibet in 1959 , though it mentions neither that this took place in the middle of an [tried] rebellion against the occupiers nor that his buddhist beliefs had previously led him to cooperate with the chinese .

I do n't think he 's wrestled for 21 years or boxed for six or been in more than 250 street fights or been arrested 12 times for assault and battery and attempted murder .
i do n't think he 's wrestled for 21 years or boxed for six or been in more than 250 street fights or been arrested 12 times for assault and battery and [tried] murder .

McCain was accused , with four other senators , of having attempted to improperly influence federal banking regulators on behalf of Charles Keating , from whom they 'd accepted legal but large campaign contributions .
mccain was accused , with four other senators , of having [tried] to improperly influence federal banking regulators on behalf of charles keating , from whom they 'd accepted legal but large campaign contributions .

If British telecom giant Vodafone succeeds in its attempted hostile takeover of German telecom giant Mannesmann , the deal will be , by some measures , the biggest deal in history ( non-inflation , non-bull-market-adjusted , that is ) .
if british telecom giant vodafone succeeds in its [tried] hostile takeover of german telecom giant mannesmann , the deal will be , by some measures , the biggest deal in history ( non-inflation , non-bull-market-adjusted , that is ) .

Olivetti 's successful takeover of Telecom Italia this year was made possible in part by the fact that Telecom Italia 's attempted defense against the takeover involved a prospective merger with Deutsche Telekom , a merger that would have been unacceptable to the Italian government .
olivetti 's successful takeover of telecom italia this year was made possible in part by the fact that telecom italia 's [tried] defense against the takeover involved a prospective merger with deutsche telekom , a merger that would have been unacceptable to the italian government .

Some years ago , I attempted to write a work of nonfiction that reconstructed the life of the historical Jesus .
some years ago , i [tried] to write a work of nonfiction that reconstructed the life of the historical jesus .

The problem is that Bradley never did so before being asked about it tonight.Bradley 's answer was an attempted constituency-pleaser on par with Gore 's gays in the military answer from two debates ago .
the problem is that bradley never did so before being asked about it tonight.bradley 's answer was an [tried] constituency-pleaser on par with gore 's gays in the military answer from two debates ago .

On Meet the Press yesterday , Gore adviser Robert Shrum* attempted manfully to deny that his candidate had ever suggested he 'd make support of his policy on gays in the military a `` litmus test '' for nomination to the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
on meet the press yesterday , gore adviser robert shrum* [tried] manfully to deny that his candidate had ever suggested he 'd make support of his policy on gays in the military a `` litmus test '' for nomination to the joint chiefs of staff .

Following the death after an attempted robbery in Monaco of billionaire Syrian-born banker Edmond J. Safra , the Jerusalem Post Sunday praised his work for Israeli Sephardim through the International Sephardi Education Foundation , of which he was the chief benefactor .
following the death after an [tried] robbery in monaco of billionaire syrian-born banker edmond j. safra , the jerusalem post sunday praised his work for israeli sephardim through the international sephardi education foundation , of which he was the chief benefactor .

Morgan famously suggested that wives spice up their marriage by greeting their husbands at the door wearing nothing but Saran Wrap -- a seduction attempted with sad consequences for Kathy Bates in the movie Fried Green Tomatoes .
morgan famously suggested that wives spice up their marriage by greeting their husbands at the door wearing nothing but saran wrap -- a seduction [tried] with sad consequences for kathy bates in the movie fried green tomatoes .

Some commentators have attempted to dismiss that hypothesis on the grounds that discrimination is costly ( because it entails a willingness to pay premium wages for white workers ) and therefore unattractive to employers with an eye on the bottom line .
some commentators have [tried] to dismiss that hypothesis on the grounds that discrimination is costly ( because it entails a willingness to pay premium wages for white workers ) and therefore unattractive to employers with an eye on the bottom line .

I attempted to hang onto my dignity by being passive .
i [tried] to hang onto my dignity by being passive .

Even though my personal tastes in legislation tend toward the kind that begin , `` Congress shall pass no law , '' I admired the old Bill Clinton who attempted to reorganize the $ 1 trillion health-care business and who forthrightly called for a workfare program that would cost more , not less , than simple handouts .
even though my personal tastes in legislation tend toward the kind that begin , `` congress shall pass no law , '' i admired the old bill clinton who [tried] to reorganize the $ 1 trillion health-care business and who forthrightly called for a workfare program that would cost more , not less , than simple handouts .

By the day 's end , Furrow was brought back to Los Angeles where today , sources say , he will be charged with attempted murder in the community center shootings and first degree murder in the death of a U.S. letter carrier about an hour later .
by the day 's end , furrow was brought back to los angeles where today , sources say , he will be charged with [tried] murder in the community center shootings and first degree murder in the death of a u.s. letter carrier about an hour later .

Earlier today , when Chatterbox first attempted to phone Felt ( now an octogenarian living in California with his daughter Joan ) , he got an answering machine .
earlier today , when chatterbox first [tried] to phone felt ( now an octogenarian living in california with his daughter joan ) , he got an answering machine .

A foreign ministry official attempted to save face by claiming , `` There is no reason to feel belittled because I do n't think , for example , France has played a major role , either . ''
a foreign ministry official [tried] to save face by claiming , `` there is no reason to feel belittled because i do n't think , for example , france has played a major role , either . ''

Nor can the Kosovo campaign be called `` Albright 's war , '' even though it was the utter failure of her attempted diplomacy at Rambouillet ( along with the failure of her one-time rival Richard Holbrooke in Belgrade ) that helped to precipitate the current conflict .
nor can the kosovo campaign be called `` albright 's war , '' even though it was the utter failure of her [tried] diplomacy at rambouillet ( along with the failure of her one-time rival richard holbrooke in belgrade ) that helped to precipitate the current conflict .

He regrets his having ever attempted distinction and excellence in any way , because the effect of his former exertions now serves only to make his insignificance more vexing to him .
he regrets his having ever [tried] distinction and excellence in any way , because the effect of his former exertions now serves only to make his insignificance more vexing to him .

Kosovo is living through a nightmare of the greatest ethnic cleansing that has ever been attempted .
kosovo is living through a nightmare of the greatest ethnic cleansing that has ever been [tried] .

Beginning at age 15 , she had an affair for almost two years with a 35-year-old married man ; has attempted suicide some three times ; was hospitalized for psychiatric problems for three months ; was arrested for assault and is currently on probation ; and the list goes on .
beginning at age 15 , she had an affair for almost two years with a 35-year-old married man ; has [tried] suicide some three times ; was hospitalized for psychiatric problems for three months ; was arrested for assault and is currently on probation ; and the list goes on .

Neither man has attempted to defend the behavior he is accused of .
neither man has [tried] to defend the behavior he is accused of .

When Communist dictator Josip Broz Tito took over in 1945 , he attempted to quash Serbian nationalism .
when communist dictator josip broz tito took over in 1945 , he [tried] to quash serbian nationalism .

When Albanians staged protests in the late '60s , Tito attempted to pacify them by strengthening local government ( largely dominated by Albanians ) over local affairs and by restoring jobs .
when albanians staged protests in the late '60s , tito [tried] to pacify them by strengthening local government ( largely dominated by albanians ) over local affairs and by restoring jobs .

There are rumors that a cousin attempted to kill him last year .
there are rumors that a cousin [tried] to kill him last year .

Instead , Mossad has attempted to deter terrorism by assassinating terrorists .
instead , mossad has [tried] to deter terrorism by assassinating terrorists .

At the turn of the century , the Mafia attempted to replicate its Sicilian operation throughout Western Europe and America .
at the turn of the century , the mafia [tried] to replicate its sicilian operation throughout western europe and america .

The background : After an acclaimed start as a poet and while an undergraduate at Smith College , Plath attempted suicide .
the background : after an acclaimed start as a poet and while an undergraduate at smith college , plath [tried] suicide .

In the House , defenders and plotters of last July 's attempted coup remain in a state of high paranoid alert .
in the house , defenders and plotters of last july 's [tried] coup remain in a state of high paranoid alert .

Last August , in a `` Webhead '' column by our then-Program Manager Bill Barnes , we attempted to answer that question , while at the same time explaining why any claims about the popularity of Web sites are inherently suspicious .
last august , in a `` webhead '' column by our then-program manager bill barnes , we [tried] to answer that question , while at the same time explaining why any claims about the popularity of web sites are inherently suspicious .

Virginia executed Paraguayan citizen Angel Francisco Breard for the murder ( during an attempted rape ) of an American woman .
virginia executed paraguayan citizen angel francisco breard for the murder ( during an [tried] rape ) of an american woman .

As a lawyer attempted to excuse his client 's behavior with a convoluted explanation , Judge James Ford interrupted acidly with the comment , `` That 's just ... that 's just too Jesuitical for words . ''
as a lawyer [tried] to excuse his client 's behavior with a convoluted explanation , judge james ford interrupted acidly with the comment , `` that 's just ... that 's just too jesuitical for words . ''

A similar prohibition was attempted a few years ago in Paris .
a similar prohibition was [tried] a few years ago in paris .

The thesis attempted to provide a `` scientific '' rationale for hatred at a time when legal restrictions on Jews were disappearing .
the thesis [tried] to provide a `` scientific '' rationale for hatred at a time when legal restrictions on jews were disappearing .

The software keeps a log of the sites the child has attempted to access , `` including attempts to access blocked material . ''
the software keeps a log of the sites the child has [tried] to access , `` including attempts to access blocked material . ''

Yesterday , the NYT led with a special report alleging that the Chinese made a leap in their nuclear capability using secrets stolen from Los Alamos and that the White House attempted to sweep the issue under the rug to avoid disturbing its `` strategic partnership '' with China .
yesterday , the nyt led with a special report alleging that the chinese made a leap in their nuclear capability using secrets stolen from los alamos and that the white house [tried] to sweep the issue under the rug to avoid disturbing its `` strategic partnership '' with china .

The White House would go for that , says the paper , but the Republicans will `` rightly '' insist on language reflecting that Clinton knowingly lied under oath , tampered with evidence and witnesses , and attempted to interfere in the progress of a civil rights suit .
the white house would go for that , says the paper , but the republicans will `` rightly '' insist on language reflecting that clinton knowingly lied under oath , tampered with evidence and witnesses , and [tried] to interfere in the progress of a civil rights suit .

Admittedly , such entries are extremely difficult to compose , but a proper treatment has certainly been successfully attempted in the entries for SHAKESPEARE and for ORWELL .
admittedly , such entries are extremely difficult to compose , but a proper treatment has certainly been successfully [tried] in the entries for shakespeare and for orwell .

As early as 1904 , G. & C. Merriam , of Springfield , Massachusetts , who claimed to be the literal publishing descendants of Noah Webster 's lexicographical projects , attempted to restrain the sale of other dictionaries with Webster in the title .
as early as 1904 , g. & c. merriam , of springfield , massachusetts , who claimed to be the literal publishing descendants of noah webster 's lexicographical projects , [tried] to restrain the sale of other dictionaries with webster in the title .

To make up for the missing verbs he attempted to add interest by scattering adjectives and adverbs everywhere .
to make up for the missing verbs he [tried] to add interest by scattering adjectives and adverbs everywhere .

On March 27 , 1866 , U.S. President Andrew Johnson said , Thus a perfect equality of the white and colored races is attempted to be fixed by federal law in every state of the union over the vast field of State jurisdiction covered by these enumerated rights .
on march 27 , 1866 , u.s. president andrew johnson said , thus a perfect equality of the white and colored races is [tried] to be fixed by federal law in every state of the union over the vast field of state jurisdiction covered by these enumerated rights .

Then there are the cattalo and the beefalo , crosses between cattle and buffalo , first attempted in Texas .
then there are the cattalo and the beefalo , crosses between cattle and buffalo , first [tried] in texas .

The word ( like charm ) is indeed associated with singing , and goes back to the time when men attempted to cure the ills of the flesh by incantation .
the word ( like charm ) is indeed associated with singing , and goes back to the time when men [tried] to cure the ills of the flesh by incantation .

This collection could have been made more useful and more usable had the author attempted to group adjectives within an entry according to semantic character rather than just dump them into one helter-skelter list without separators of any kind .
this collection could have been made more useful and more usable had the author [tried] to group adjectives within an entry according to semantic character rather than just dump them into one helter-skelter list without separators of any kind .

I am not sure that anyone has attempted their documentation , but it is well known that an enormous number of clichés , idioms , metaphors , and other expressions used in everyday contemporary speech and writing derive from the writings of Shakespeare and other contributors to the imagery and poetry of the language .
i am not sure that anyone has [tried] their documentation , but it is well known that an enormous number of clichés , idioms , metaphors , and other expressions used in everyday contemporary speech and writing derive from the writings of shakespeare and other contributors to the imagery and poetry of the language .

