And at his last commencement , in that year , Dr. Tucker and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college .
and at his last commencement , in that year , dr. tucker and dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors [confirming] to the new stature of the college .

Studies of benthic foraminifera ( sensitive indicators of oxygenation ) through the laminated intervals show no evidence for any increase in species characteristic of a low oxygen environment , but rather a decrease in tapered cylindrical and infaunal forms attesting to the impenetrability of the meshwork .
studies of benthic foraminifera ( sensitive indicators of oxygenation ) through the laminated intervals show no evidence for any increase in species characteristic of a low oxygen environment , but rather a decrease in tapered cylindrical and infaunal forms [confirming] to the impenetrability of the meshwork .

The document was signed by two attesting witnesses .
the document was signed by two [confirming] witnesses .

The persistence of inequalities with respect to the distribution of income and wealth , and the survival of capitalism itself , are seen by the Left as attesting to the privileged position of business within economy , society , and polity .
the persistence of inequalities with respect to the distribution of income and wealth , and the survival of capitalism itself , are seen by the left as [confirming] to the privileged position of business within economy , society , and polity .

Here , there are indications between mosaics of some continuity in technique , attesting the presence of an individual style .
here , there are indications between mosaics of some continuity in technique , [confirming] the presence of an individual style .

Besides attesting to the now well supported view that de Man suffered from a kind of multiple personality disorder , the effect is astounding , since it allows for the formulation of key linguistic tenets upon which the radical reputation of deconstruction rests without de Man taking personal responsibility for that formulation .
besides [confirming] to the now well supported view that de man suffered from a kind of multiple personality disorder , the effect is astounding , since it allows for the formulation of key linguistic tenets upon which the radical reputation of deconstruction rests without de man taking personal responsibility for that formulation .

Family-trees ( genealogies ) similar to this one are often given in the Bible attesting a line of descent .
family-trees ( genealogies ) similar to this one are often given in the bible [confirming] a line of descent .

For this simple , self-evident reason , the birth of twins , and especially identical twins , would have seemed to the ancients nothing short of miraculous — a phenomenon attesting to some intervention of divine origin .
for this simple , self-evident reason , the birth of twins , and especially identical twins , would have seemed to the ancients nothing short of miraculous — a phenomenon [confirming] to some intervention of divine origin .

Moreover , Alexander faces a moral problem which Marco , dedicated from his youth to a service in Samavia , did not have to face . Brought up in an English public school , Alexander is introduced very suddenly to his new destiny and he reacts predictably ; when he examines the documents attesting to his birth he feels ‘ a sudden thrill of pride ’ :
moreover , alexander faces a moral problem which marco , dedicated from his youth to a service in samavia , did not have to face . brought up in an english public school , alexander is introduced very suddenly to his new destiny and he reacts predictably ; when he examines the documents [confirming] to his birth he feels ‘ a sudden thrill of pride ’ :

In late November , on the strength of this certificate — attesting to his own mental good health , and that the gun was to be used only for reasonable purposes — Lepine went to Checkmate Sports , a hunting and fishing store in north Montreal , and purchased a Sturm-Ruger Mini-14 semi-automatic rifle , ammunition and a magazine clip .
in late november , on the strength of this certificate — [confirming] to his own mental good health , and that the gun was to be used only for reasonable purposes — lepine went to checkmate sports , a hunting and fishing store in north montreal , and purchased a sturm-ruger mini-14 semi-automatic rifle , ammunition and a magazine clip .

The famous inscription from Brough-on-Humber ( vicus Petuariensis ) , attesting the presence of a theatre , shows that some vici possessed magistrates with the title of aedile , although we may be dealing here with a site which was also a civitas capital .
the famous inscription from brough-on-humber ( vicus petuariensis ) , [confirming] the presence of a theatre , shows that some vici possessed magistrates with the title of aedile , although we may be dealing here with a site which was also a civitas capital .

If private certification firms are in business to earn profits , which they do by charging firms for a certificate attesting the quality or safety of a product , which then allows firms to sell more of the product at any given price , will not firms have an incentive to bribe the certifier to obtain the certificate ?
if private certification firms are in business to earn profits , which they do by charging firms for a certificate [confirming] the quality or safety of a product , which then allows firms to sell more of the product at any given price , will not firms have an incentive to bribe the certifier to obtain the certificate ?

Substantial doubts had been raised by the difficultly of Coleman 's having committed the crime in the short space of time for which he had no alibi on the night of the murder , and by numerous statements gathered after the trial attesting that another resident of the small town of Grundy had boasted of having committed the crime .
substantial doubts had been raised by the difficultly of coleman 's having committed the crime in the short space of time for which he had no alibi on the night of the murder , and by numerous statements gathered after the trial [confirming] that another resident of the small town of grundy had boasted of having committed the crime .

Are you part of a Neighbourhood Watch scheme and if so do you display stickers attesting to the fact ?
are you part of a neighbourhood watch scheme and if so do you display stickers [confirming] to the fact ?

In trusts , wording was by no means unimportant , yet its significance was not in satisfying formal requirements but in attesting the intention of the settlor to set up a trust .
in trusts , wording was by no means unimportant , yet its significance was not in satisfying formal requirements but in [confirming] the intention of the settlor to set up a trust .

Both old and young take part , attesting to the growing revival of interest in Spain ’ s rich heritage of traditional dance and music .
both old and young take part , [confirming] to the growing revival of interest in spain ’ s rich heritage of traditional dance and music .

Archaeologists have found votive offerings dating back over 3,000 years , attesting to the ancient power of the site .
archaeologists have found votive offerings dating back over 3,000 years , [confirming] to the ancient power of the site .

Keep in mind that you are not attesting to the overall reliability of the data or database .
keep in mind that you are not [confirming] to the overall reliability of the data or database .

Again , remember that you are not attesting to the reliability of the data or database .
again , remember that you are not [confirming] to the reliability of the data or database .

Dylan 's bluesy album wins accolades for introspective lyrics about mortality and is judged his best work in decades , `` attesting to the creative renaissance of an artist still bent on defying expectations and spurning trends '' ( Edna Gundersen , USA Today ) .
dylan 's bluesy album wins accolades for introspective lyrics about mortality and is judged his best work in decades , `` [confirming] to the creative renaissance of an artist still bent on defying expectations and spurning trends '' ( edna gundersen , usa today ) .

