A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs .
a school of thought has it that those [characteristics] are exactly what this concerto needs .

The concept of unity , in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force , in which good and evil are relative , ever-changing , and always joined to the same phenomenon -- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas .
the concept of unity , in which positive and negative are [characteristics] of the same force , in which good and evil are relative , ever-changing , and always joined to the same phenomenon -- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas .

As notable examples of this abuse , he quotes passages from the Examiner , `` that Destroyer of all things '' , and The Character of Richard Steele , which he here attributes to Swift .
as notable examples of this abuse , he quotes passages from the examiner , `` that destroyer of all things '' , and the character of richard steele , which he here [characteristics] to swift .

I think these attributes cluster , but I have no evidence .
i think these [characteristics] cluster , but i have no evidence .

To some extent the system can be considered a Gemeinschaft in which `` social-role occupancies are determined by birth , by attributes such as sex or caste , which are biologically or socially immutable '' .
to some extent the system can be considered a gemeinschaft in which `` social-role occupancies are determined by birth , by [characteristics] such as sex or caste , which are biologically or socially immutable '' .

It is not contended that section 381 should prescribe the survival of all of the transferor's tax attributes .
it is not contended that section 381 should prescribe the survival of all of the transferor's tax [characteristics] .

Other tax attributes of the transferor
other tax [characteristics] of the transferor

There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved .
there are certain tax [characteristics] of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved .

Other sections of the 1954 Internal Revenue Code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax attributes following a tax-free reorganization .
other sections of the 1954 internal revenue code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax [characteristics] following a tax-free reorganization .

Attributes similar to a loss carryover .
[characteristics] similar to a loss carryover .

With respect to this type of item , one might properly apply the language of the Committee Report , quoted above , which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax attributes not mentioned therein .
with respect to this type of item , one might properly apply the language of the committee report , quoted above , which cautions against using section 381 as a basis for treating other tax [characteristics] not mentioned therein .

What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals .
what they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in [characteristics] that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals .

and more and more and more people are looking for experience , they 're looking for vocations , they 're looking for er the sort of attributes which , you know , are n't actually overflowing when you 're unemployed in Wolverhampton
and more and more and more people are looking for experience , they 're looking for vocations , they 're looking for er the sort of [characteristics] which , you know , are n't actually overflowing when you 're unemployed in wolverhampton

Brendan Llewellyn , head of strategic marketing at Scottish Amicable , said : ‘ We looked at four different concepts in qualitative groups , and emerged with a logo which we think reflects the attributes of the company . ’
brendan llewellyn , head of strategic marketing at scottish amicable , said : ‘ we looked at four different concepts in qualitative groups , and emerged with a logo which we think reflects the [characteristics] of the company . ’

Andy Roxburgh , Scotland 's national coach , says his goalkeeper 's main attributes are ‘ hard work , attention to diet and a phenomenal willingness to learn ’ .
andy roxburgh , scotland 's national coach , says his goalkeeper 's main [characteristics] are ‘ hard work , attention to diet and a phenomenal willingness to learn ’ .

Consumers , says Mintel , regard quality as the totality of attributes of the product or service which combines to meet their needs and expectations .
consumers , says mintel , regard quality as the totality of [characteristics] of the product or service which combines to meet their needs and expectations .

While citing Home Alone as an example of ‘ kids know best ’ syndrome , he attributes its phenomenal box-office performance to ‘ the public 's powerful hunger for movies that portray reasonably well-adjusted , happy middle-class families ’ .
while citing home alone as an example of ‘ kids know best ’ syndrome , he [characteristics] its phenomenal box-office performance to ‘ the public 's powerful hunger for movies that portray reasonably well-adjusted , happy middle-class families ’ .

The final item ‘ Generations ’ was aptly named as those taking part ranged from Jane Middleton , aged 8 , up the scale to 90–years old Mrs. Constance Marsh , who reckons Medau helps a lot but mainly attributes her longevity to eating plenty of oranges .
the final item ‘ generations ’ was aptly named as those taking part ranged from jane middleton , aged 8 , up the scale to 90–years old mrs. constance marsh , who reckons medau helps a lot but mainly [characteristics] her longevity to eating plenty of oranges .

The positive attributes of Piggy stressed were his mature attitude , good scientific understanding , which helped him to dismiss the beast quickly , and clear head ( which became very important towards the end of the book ) .
the positive [characteristics] of piggy stressed were his mature attitude , good scientific understanding , which helped him to dismiss the beast quickly , and clear head ( which became very important towards the end of the book ) .

One area where inconsistency can arise is in the coding of various attributes .
one area where inconsistency can arise is in the coding of various [characteristics] .

’ are often important attributes of events as are fluctuating patterns throughout the day , week or year ( e.g .
’ are often important [characteristics] of events as are fluctuating patterns throughout the day , week or year ( e.g .

Thus , we are interested in patterns of births , deaths , marriages and migration ( event counts ) and the distribution of attributes such as age , sex , social class , family size , etc .
thus , we are interested in patterns of births , deaths , marriages and migration ( event counts ) and the distribution of [characteristics] such as age , sex , social class , family size , etc .

Such attributes will certainly be known if the frame is derived from some kind of register , of patients , employees or students , for example .
such [characteristics] will certainly be known if the frame is derived from some kind of register , of patients , employees or students , for example .

If the sampling frame contains information on important qualitative attributes such as sex , social class , etc .
if the sampling frame contains information on important qualitative [characteristics] such as sex , social class , etc .

An insider in what used to be termed ‘ hardcore ’ until techno stole the word has kindly agreed to outline the attributes of Sofa Head , Leatherface and Gan .
an insider in what used to be termed ‘ hardcore ’ until techno stole the word has kindly agreed to outline the [characteristics] of sofa head , leatherface and gan .

She never had the necessary attributes .
she never had the necessary [characteristics] .

Mr Wilson said the Press had encouraged people to focus on Mrs Robinson 's ‘ attributes ’ while the Northern Ireland Office and the ‘ Anglo-Irish mafia ’ promoted her to the status of an ‘ Irish monarch ’ .
mr wilson said the press had encouraged people to focus on mrs robinson 's ‘ [characteristics] ’ while the northern ireland office and the ‘ anglo-irish mafia ’ promoted her to the status of an ‘ irish monarch ’ .

Twenty-one year old Magil Magilton attributes his signing to the manager 's enthusiasm .
twenty-one year old magil magilton [characteristics] his signing to the manager 's enthusiasm .

The Yacht Division attributes the success to the ‘ four Ps ’ — performance , packaging , promotion and pricing .
the yacht division [characteristics] the success to the ‘ four ps ’ — performance , packaging , promotion and pricing .

Although versatility , flexibility and the ability to ‘ think on one 's feet ’ are desirable attributes , there are considerable advantages to presentational planning .
although versatility , flexibility and the ability to ‘ think on one 's feet ’ are desirable [characteristics] , there are considerable advantages to presentational planning .

Practitioners have identified a number of skills and attributes necessary to be successful including :
practitioners have identified a number of skills and [characteristics] necessary to be successful including :

It must have been very strange making an album containing many familiar Queen attributes , but without Freddie .
it must have been very strange making an album containing many familiar queen [characteristics] , but without freddie .

He attributes this to the unique chewing methods of the ornithopods , and suggests perhaps it was the flowering plants that promoted the decline of the sauropods and their gizzard-stone type of digestion .
he [characteristics] this to the unique chewing methods of the ornithopods , and suggests perhaps it was the flowering plants that promoted the decline of the sauropods and their gizzard-stone type of digestion .

Now , what we do n't want are detailed particulars of the shop , the salesperson 's home address and physical attributes .
now , what we do n't want are detailed particulars of the shop , the salesperson 's home address and physical [characteristics] .

Roughly translated , this means acts which have good attributes for their area of the market .
roughly translated , this means acts which have good [characteristics] for their area of the market .

They seem to possess all the attributes which are essential to life in a community aquarium , being hardy , peaceful and of a suitable size .
they seem to possess all the [characteristics] which are essential to life in a community aquarium , being hardy , peaceful and of a suitable size .

This concept of the division of our mental attributes into two quite separate aspects brings us to the frontiers of the fourth plane of our being , the spiritual level or plane .
this concept of the division of our mental [characteristics] into two quite separate aspects brings us to the frontiers of the fourth plane of our being , the spiritual level or plane .

Electrical forces are basic to the system , being attributes of the sub-atomic particles , and it is electrical attraction which holds together the atoms and molecules .
electrical forces are basic to the system , being [characteristics] of the sub-atomic particles , and it is electrical attraction which holds together the atoms and molecules .

He has all the basic attributes and tackles well into the bargain .
he has all the basic [characteristics] and tackles well into the bargain .

create the illusion that the ‘ dangerous ’ class is primarily located at the bottom of various hierarchies by which we ‘ measure ’ each other , such as occupational prestige , income level , housing market location , educational achievement , racial attributes — in this illusion it fuses relative poverty and criminal propensities and sees them both as effects of moral inferiority , thus rendering the ‘ dangerous ’ class deserving of both poverty and punishment ;
create the illusion that the ‘ dangerous ’ class is primarily located at the bottom of various hierarchies by which we ‘ measure ’ each other , such as occupational prestige , income level , housing market location , educational achievement , racial [characteristics] — in this illusion it fuses relative poverty and criminal propensities and sees them both as effects of moral inferiority , thus rendering the ‘ dangerous ’ class deserving of both poverty and punishment ;

Madonna attributes her openness about her own life , her honesty about sex and her apparent ability to handle her personal problems to psychiatry .
madonna [characteristics] her openness about her own life , her honesty about sex and her apparent ability to handle her personal problems to psychiatry .

Detecting and quantifying the innate personal attributes of the effective nurse has puzzled recruiters for many years .
detecting and quantifying the innate personal [characteristics] of the effective nurse has puzzled recruiters for many years .

Again , knowledge about physical properties and higher level attributes could be used to select alternative words .
again , knowledge about physical properties and higher level [characteristics] could be used to select alternative words .

It is good to spend time remembering and extolling the attributes of God .
it is good to spend time remembering and extolling the [characteristics] of god .

Dupree attributes greater road safety in the new towns to their being the trend-setters for many transport innovations :
dupree [characteristics] greater road safety in the new towns to their being the trend-setters for many transport innovations :

Test recognition has eluded him , though his ‘ workhorse ’ attributes have occasionally been mentioned with approval at selection meetings .
test recognition has eluded him , though his ‘ workhorse ’ [characteristics] have occasionally been mentioned with approval at selection meetings .

Whenever we compare two or more people , we can discover a variety of attributes in respect of which they may be equal or unequal .
whenever we compare two or more people , we can discover a variety of [characteristics] in respect of which they may be equal or unequal .

After all , when you decided to buy a Toyota , you recognised the attributes that have made us one of the worlds foremost manufacturers and our cars such good quality and value .
after all , when you decided to buy a toyota , you recognised the [characteristics] that have made us one of the worlds foremost manufacturers and our cars such good quality and value .

The common attributes of the building tradition of early Anglo-Saxon England have been summarised as :
the common [characteristics] of the building tradition of early anglo-saxon england have been summarised as :

We can only speculate on Wordsworth 's political beliefs before 1792 — in The Prelude he attributes his awakening to a French soldier , Beaupuy — ( see below ) .
we can only speculate on wordsworth 's political beliefs before 1792 — in the prelude he [characteristics] his awakening to a french soldier , beaupuy — ( see below ) .

‘ Managers value different attributes in men than they do in women , which often reinforces gender stereotypes .
‘ managers value different [characteristics] in men than they do in women , which often reinforces gender stereotypes .

Galbraith attributes the traditional tolerance of the underclass to the view , now perhaps no longer valid , that what keeps them happy ( or , at least , unrevolutionary ) is the possibility that they may eventually get out .
galbraith [characteristics] the traditional tolerance of the underclass to the view , now perhaps no longer valid , that what keeps them happy ( or , at least , unrevolutionary ) is the possibility that they may eventually get out .

Western Christians have been more ready to ascribe qualities and attributes to God .
western christians have been more ready to ascribe qualities and [characteristics] to god .

Christians could apply almost all these attributes to God himself , in which Nirvana becomes the presence of God .
christians could apply almost all these [characteristics] to god himself , in which nirvana becomes the presence of god .

Recent work stresses rather the common attributes of village and town .
recent work stresses rather the common [characteristics] of village and town .

As epistemic breaks go , however , it seems to be a slow one : Foucault attributes its hesitancy to a fundamental reluctance to think difference rather than the reassuring form of the identical : it is , he comments , ‘ as if we were afraid to conceive of the Other in the time of our own thought ’ .
as epistemic breaks go , however , it seems to be a slow one : foucault [characteristics] its hesitancy to a fundamental reluctance to think difference rather than the reassuring form of the identical : it is , he comments , ‘ as if we were afraid to conceive of the other in the time of our own thought ’ .

Conventional wisdom attributes women 's low participation in union affairs largely to domestic responsibilities .
conventional wisdom [characteristics] women 's low participation in union affairs largely to domestic responsibilities .

Trolls tend to acquire physical attributes as a result of what they eat , and Stone Trolls are craggy with cracked flesh like weathered stone .
trolls tend to acquire physical [characteristics] as a result of what they eat , and stone trolls are craggy with cracked flesh like weathered stone .

For psychology , the irrationality , affectivity and sociability which it attributes to women link them to the unscientific uncertainties of subjectivity , and put them slightly outside the discipline 's proper field .
for psychology , the irrationality , affectivity and sociability which it [characteristics] to women link them to the unscientific uncertainties of subjectivity , and put them slightly outside the discipline 's proper field .

Mainstream psychology often attributes an agency to working-class , gay and black women that it does not allow to men in these groups .
mainstream psychology often [characteristics] an agency to working-class , gay and black women that it does not allow to men in these groups .

This is particularly obvious in Daly 's ‘ Catholic … discourse and rhetoric ’ ( Segal 1987 : 18 ) , which attributes purity and degeneracy to women and men , respectively .
this is particularly obvious in daly 's ‘ catholic … discourse and rhetoric ’ ( segal 1987 : 18 ) , which [characteristics] purity and degeneracy to women and men , respectively .

Whilst it is perfectly true , as Roth points out , that any of the attributes of profession listed by such writers as Greenwood , Gross and Goode can also be found in occupations not usually assigned to the category ‘ profession ’ , we all ( Roth included ) , use the terms ‘ profession ’ and ‘ professional ’ both descriptively and analytically .
whilst it is perfectly true , as roth points out , that any of the [characteristics] of profession listed by such writers as greenwood , gross and goode can also be found in occupations not usually assigned to the category ‘ profession ’ , we all ( roth included ) , use the terms ‘ profession ’ and ‘ professional ’ both descriptively and analytically .

Their uses included those familiar attributes of autonomy , special skill and knowledge , but also ‘ commitment ’ and ‘ comportment ’ .
their uses included those familiar [characteristics] of autonomy , special skill and knowledge , but also ‘ commitment ’ and ‘ comportment ’ .

First of all , brain damage in people has been found to cause inability to perceive particular attributes of visual scenes without causing total blindness ( Maunsell and Newsome 1987 ) , and the single cell recording data on monkeys show that those attributes are processed by distinct parts of the cortex .
first of all , brain damage in people has been found to cause inability to perceive particular [characteristics] of visual scenes without causing total blindness ( maunsell and newsome 1987 ) , and the single cell recording data on monkeys show that those [characteristics] are processed by distinct parts of the cortex .

On the other hand , studies of the higher stages in the visual system , at the level at which information about the attributes of objects , such as colour or depth , is integrated into representations of objects , have been largely disappointing until recently .
on the other hand , studies of the higher stages in the visual system , at the level at which information about the [characteristics] of objects , such as colour or depth , is integrated into representations of objects , have been largely disappointing until recently .

In part it has also been due to a lack of suitable models of how the combination of attributes could take place .
in part it has also been due to a lack of suitable models of how the combination of [characteristics] could take place .

The insights gained from computational models of visual perceptions are facilitating the interpretation of findings of physiological studies of the visual cortex and a picture is emerging of a modular system in which different attributes of the image are processed in different cortical areas before the information is passed on to higher order systems .
the insights gained from computational models of visual perceptions are facilitating the interpretation of findings of physiological studies of the visual cortex and a picture is emerging of a modular system in which different [characteristics] of the image are processed in different cortical areas before the information is passed on to higher order systems .

These results may testify to the attributes of the equipment acquired and the proficiency of foreign trade organisations in tailoring purchases to real needs . They would also confirm that the integration of this equipment into Soviet industry receives considerable attention :
these results may testify to the [characteristics] of the equipment acquired and the proficiency of foreign trade organisations in tailoring purchases to real needs . they would also confirm that the integration of this equipment into soviet industry receives considerable attention :

They also draw upon the system 's attributes : an ability to mobilise talent and resources , coherence of policy and direction ; the ability of the centre to support and remove obstacles ; and the possibility of combining strategy with flexibility .
they also draw upon the system 's [characteristics] : an ability to mobilise talent and resources , coherence of policy and direction ; the ability of the centre to support and remove obstacles ; and the possibility of combining strategy with flexibility .

But this , as Nilsson says , would be the reverse of religious developments observed in other cultures , where various deities are combined or where one deity is given ever-stronger and more all-inclusive attributes and thus supersedes all the other deities .
but this , as nilsson says , would be the reverse of religious developments observed in other cultures , where various deities are combined or where one deity is given ever-stronger and more all-inclusive [characteristics] and thus supersedes all the other deities .

Sometimes we are given hints that the goddesses blended with one another , adopting each other 's attributes .
sometimes we are given hints that the goddesses blended with one another , adopting each other 's [characteristics] .

In order to grasp it in detail , however , one must be familiar with the model of social structure which Althusser attributes to Marx .
in order to grasp it in detail , however , one must be familiar with the model of social structure which althusser [characteristics] to marx .

Instead of what we might call a vertical analysis of society — one which builds upon a single kind of term — Althusser attributes a horizontal analysis to Marx .
instead of what we might call a vertical analysis of society — one which builds upon a single kind of term — althusser [characteristics] a horizontal analysis to marx .

Althusser 's conception of a structure in dominance is based on the sense , which he attributes to Marx , that in each society one particular kind of interest appears to be central in determining the character of that society as a whole ; for example , economic interests are uppermost in capitalist society , but during the Middle Ages religious concerns dominated social life .
althusser 's conception of a structure in dominance is based on the sense , which he [characteristics] to marx , that in each society one particular kind of interest appears to be central in determining the character of that society as a whole ; for example , economic interests are uppermost in capitalist society , but during the middle ages religious concerns dominated social life .

If we want to know when the counterfactuals definitive of holist explanation can be sustained , we shall have to study the links between constraints such as those imposed by the longue durée and the attributes of individuals in considerable detail ; and this in turn requires the separation of the latter from the mélange of événements .
if we want to know when the counterfactuals definitive of holist explanation can be sustained , we shall have to study the links between constraints such as those imposed by the longue durée and the [characteristics] of individuals in considerable detail ; and this in turn requires the separation of the latter from the mélange of événements .

The preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .
the preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other [characteristics] with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .

Because claims for the conversation-like attributes of chimpanzee gesturing have been exaggerated , it is sometimes suggested that , on the contrary , their gestures have no meaning at all .
because claims for the conversation-like [characteristics] of chimpanzee gesturing have been exaggerated , it is sometimes suggested that , on the contrary , their gestures have no meaning at all .

They exhibit the pre-linguistic sensations of pain and the ancestral tokens of human attributes such as deliberative intent , rational planning , choice , desire , fear , anger , and some beliefs , where our guiding criteria are the close similarity of their behavioural patterns , in like circumstances , to our own .
they exhibit the pre-linguistic sensations of pain and the ancestral tokens of human [characteristics] such as deliberative intent , rational planning , choice , desire , fear , anger , and some beliefs , where our guiding criteria are the close similarity of their behavioural patterns , in like circumstances , to our own .

Part of the problem is , of course , that Kant 's claim that animals lack self-consciousness , implicit also in Ritchie , finds no favour with contemporary enthusiasts ; on the contrary , as we have had reason to note on several occasions , the liberationists depict creatures with so many human attributes that it is almost surprising to find them denied full moral agency .
part of the problem is , of course , that kant 's claim that animals lack self-consciousness , implicit also in ritchie , finds no favour with contemporary enthusiasts ; on the contrary , as we have had reason to note on several occasions , the liberationists depict creatures with so many human [characteristics] that it is almost surprising to find them denied full moral agency .

The principle seems to be that the closer the potential person approaches its realisation and the fewer the remaining hurdles to surmount , the more attributes of the actual person seem proper to it .
the principle seems to be that the closer the potential person approaches its realisation and the fewer the remaining hurdles to surmount , the more [characteristics] of the actual person seem proper to it .

This paper considers issues related to fonts and other appearance attributes within hypertext documents .
this paper considers issues related to fonts and other appearance [characteristics] within hypertext documents .

This paper is about introducing fonts , colours and other attributes into hyperdocuments .
this paper is about introducing fonts , colours and other [characteristics] into hyperdocuments .

In particular , they are concerned with those aspects of language which are implicated in observation , identification of attributes , classification , anticipation , and inductive and deductive reasoning ( Blank et al .
in particular , they are concerned with those aspects of language which are implicated in observation , identification of [characteristics] , classification , anticipation , and inductive and deductive reasoning ( blank et al .

The structure of society is presumed to be functional for its members since it is derived from the sharing of their human attributes .
the structure of society is presumed to be functional for its members since it is derived from the sharing of their human [characteristics] .

Moreover , social process is described in terms of a philosophical anthropology , of human attributes of individuals , attributes that are prior to any consciousness or action :
moreover , social process is described in terms of a philosophical anthropology , of human [characteristics] of individuals , [characteristics] that are prior to any consciousness or action :

Some researchers focus on a logic-based approach to hypertext , some build a hypertext model on top of Petri net formalisms , but the basic structure remains that of nodes and links with attributes .
some researchers focus on a logic-based approach to hypertext , some build a hypertext model on top of petri net formalisms , but the basic structure remains that of nodes and links with [characteristics] .

Each link object specifies some source node , link type , target node , pointers to paragraphs , and perhaps other attributes .
each link object specifies some source node , link type , target node , pointers to paragraphs , and perhaps other [characteristics] .

Analogical inheritance extends the notion of inheritance by saying that the attributes of a node should be related to the attributes of its parent in some systematic way .
analogical inheritance extends the notion of inheritance by saying that the [characteristics] of a node should be related to the [characteristics] of its parent in some systematic way .

If the attributes were the same , then simple inheritance would attain .
if the [characteristics] were the same , then simple inheritance would attain .

In the area of toxicology , a hypertext has been prepared , and each toxin is described along with the following attributes : common name , molecular weight , molecular formula , characteristics , source , and toxicity .
in the area of toxicology , a hypertext has been prepared , and each toxin is described along with the following [characteristics] : common name , molecular weight , molecular formula , characteristics , source , and toxicity .

Patterns in the Macrotext subsections inherit the attributes of macrotext .
patterns in the macrotext subsections inherit the [characteristics] of macrotext .

The study of node names suggests generic , semantic attributes for a book about information systems .
the study of node names suggests generic , semantic [characteristics] for a book about information systems .

An essential inheritance hierarchy to indicate the inheritance of properties ( attributes ) automatically by lower level objects from higher ones through ‘ isA ’ relationships .
an essential inheritance hierarchy to indicate the inheritance of properties ( [characteristics] ) automatically by lower level objects from higher ones through ‘ isa ’ relationships .

The values for the attributes of node are constrained by the variables such as ssmin and ssmax which specify the minimum and maximum values permitted for subsection numbers .
the values for the [characteristics] of node are constrained by the variables such as ssmin and ssmax which specify the minimum and maximum values permitted for subsection numbers .

Specific features included in text but not in node are attributes representing various details of the internal structure of an item of text .
specific features included in text but not in node are [characteristics] representing various details of the internal structure of an item of text .

The entity-types path and pathitem shown in Figure 4 hold all information on the trails made by users through the textbase . The attributes describing this information are shown below ( key attributes in bold ) :
the entity-types path and pathitem shown in figure 4 hold all information on the trails made by users through the textbase . the [characteristics] describing this information are shown below ( key [characteristics] in bold ) :

This is how many feminists believe women speak , and there is a tendency to make these attributes the basis of an authentic ‘ women 's speech style ’ which should be positively valued .
this is how many feminists believe women speak , and there is a tendency to make these [characteristics] the basis of an authentic ‘ women 's speech style ’ which should be positively valued .

One box in Lincolnshire had the manifestations of a poltergeist or mischievous ghost apparent in the building but it was of a gentle nature and although it moved cups of tea and generally showed its mischievous attributes , it never hurt anybody and was not vicious or dangerous .
one box in lincolnshire had the manifestations of a poltergeist or mischievous ghost apparent in the building but it was of a gentle nature and although it moved cups of tea and generally showed its mischievous [characteristics] , it never hurt anybody and was not vicious or dangerous .

Vasquez said : ‘ One of the great attributes of a great side is a settled team .
vasquez said : ‘ one of the great [characteristics] of a great side is a settled team .

At times the technique , and just as importantly , the physical attributes of the French , embarrassed them .
at times the technique , and just as importantly , the physical [characteristics] of the french , embarrassed them .

Disengagement is just one of many social theories which underlie what Phillipson and Walker ( 1986 ) call ‘ Acquiescent Functionalism ’ — ‘ a body of thought about ageing which attributes the causes of most of the problems of old people to the natural consequences of physical decrescence and mental inflexibility or the failures of individual adjustment to ageing and retirement , instead of to contemporary developments of the state , the economy and social inequality ’ .
disengagement is just one of many social theories which underlie what phillipson and walker ( 1986 ) call ‘ acquiescent functionalism ’ — ‘ a body of thought about ageing which [characteristics] the causes of most of the problems of old people to the natural consequences of physical decrescence and mental inflexibility or the failures of individual adjustment to ageing and retirement , instead of to contemporary developments of the state , the economy and social inequality ’ .

Physical attributes : some people use their bodies to get power .
physical [characteristics] : some people use their bodies to get power .

The way in which we clothe our bodies and accentuate our physical attributes can also build power .
the way in which we clothe our bodies and accentuate our physical [characteristics] can also build power .

As a source of power , physical attributes may be short-lived and superficial .
as a source of power , physical [characteristics] may be short-lived and superficial .

Use physical attributes to intimidate and seduce others .
use physical [characteristics] to intimidate and seduce others .

Using personal attributes
using personal [characteristics]

Orlan is attempting to mould that ‘ costume ’ to achieve what she believes is the perfect face — one that copies all the attributes of the goddesses of Greek and Roman mythology as portayed by the world 's greatest artists .
orlan is attempting to mould that ‘ costume ’ to achieve what she believes is the perfect face — one that copies all the [characteristics] of the goddesses of greek and roman mythology as portayed by the world 's greatest artists .

The Italians place great emphasis on the ability to pass the ball and build from the back , but these attributes are not among Walker 's strong points .
the italians place great emphasis on the ability to pass the ball and build from the back , but these [characteristics] are not among walker 's strong points .

‘ He is a world class player with all the attributes a striker needs to play at the top , ’ added Allison .
‘ he is a world class player with all the [characteristics] a striker needs to play at the top , ’ added allison .

As is pointed out in a robust response from Ernst & Young , the code is full of the desired qualitative attributes of boards and directors , but it is short on objective operational criteria .
as is pointed out in a robust response from ernst & young , the code is full of the desired qualitative [characteristics] of boards and directors , but it is short on objective operational criteria .

‘ Common people worship a variety of icons which for purposes of practicality represent various attributes and aspects of a supreme Godhead .
‘ common people worship a variety of icons which for purposes of practicality represent various [characteristics] and aspects of a supreme godhead .

The masses can never be expected to have a clear conception of a supreme God without investing those attributes with a projection of their own personality .
the masses can never be expected to have a clear conception of a supreme god without investing those [characteristics] with a projection of their own personality .

For 300 years or more our science has omitted any human attributes that may impinge upon or impede its mechanistic working model .
for 300 years or more our science has omitted any human [characteristics] that may impinge upon or impede its mechanistic working model .

Thoughts and emotions are energetic , and the human entity can transmit electrical impulses to a vapour , changing the structure of the molecules in the vapour , which then becomes a bank or repository of these human attributes .
thoughts and emotions are energetic , and the human entity can transmit electrical impulses to a vapour , changing the structure of the molecules in the vapour , which then becomes a bank or repository of these human [characteristics] .

He attributes the failure of the courts to the intractable nature of land disputes , rather than the structure of conflicts in general or faults in the system of justice .
he [characteristics] the failure of the courts to the intractable nature of land disputes , rather than the structure of conflicts in general or faults in the system of justice .

No general geographical division of Sinhala Sri Lanka into regions can serve all purposes of analysis , but identifying districts which shared some attributes is a useful tool if not used indiscriminately .
no general geographical division of sinhala sri lanka into regions can serve all purposes of analysis , but identifying districts which shared some [characteristics] is a useful tool if not used indiscriminately .

Dare one say that the England pack , in the defeat of Ireland , had these attributes to a greater extent than the Wales backs in the defeat by France ?
dare one say that the england pack , in the defeat of ireland , had these [characteristics] to a greater extent than the wales backs in the defeat by france ?

These are the attributes a choosing customer is aware of .
these are the [characteristics] a choosing customer is aware of .

All other attributes are its ‘ inputs ’ .
all other [characteristics] are its ‘ inputs ’ .

She has striking Italian looks , a model height of five feet ten inches and long slim legs — all attributes which she had n't been taking advantage of .
she has striking italian looks , a model height of five feet ten inches and long slim legs — all [characteristics] which she had n't been taking advantage of .

The splitting up of attributes between men and women makes the division of labour seem easier and more natural , but it can be a damaging process for both sexes when men are made to carry aspects of themselves which have been denied or have not been fully explored .
the splitting up of [characteristics] between men and women makes the division of labour seem easier and more natural , but it can be a damaging process for both sexes when men are made to carry aspects of themselves which have been denied or have not been fully explored .

Finding a man who will carry all these attributes is a perfect solution to women 's own discomfort about having those feelings themselves .
finding a man who will carry all these [characteristics] is a perfect solution to women 's own discomfort about having those feelings themselves .

But finding a person to express this attributes does n't necessarily take care of them .
but finding a person to express this [characteristics] does n't necessarily take care of them .

General Accident attributes some of its 15 % audit fee drop to exchange rate fluctuations on the audit fees ( as do some of the other companies ) .
general accident [characteristics] some of its 15 % audit fee drop to exchange rate fluctuations on the audit fees ( as do some of the other companies ) .

Nevertheless , there are a number of attributes that , in my view , are essential for a truly effective audit committee .
nevertheless , there are a number of [characteristics] that , in my view , are essential for a truly effective audit committee .

Undoubtedly much of Lewkenor 's commercial activities verged on the illegal , but few of the Sussex coastal gentry were probably uninvolved in the piracy and smuggling which flourished in the troubled international scene and which , in the guise of ‘ sea-dogs ’ , has long been acknowledged as one of the great Elizabethan attributes .
undoubtedly much of lewkenor 's commercial activities verged on the illegal , but few of the sussex coastal gentry were probably uninvolved in the piracy and smuggling which flourished in the troubled international scene and which , in the guise of ‘ sea-dogs ’ , has long been acknowledged as one of the great elizabethan [characteristics] .

Further characterization of the growth and death of cells containing various combinations of activated c- myc , ras and bcl -2 oncogenes should provide insights as to how the various attributes of these three classes of oncogene interact .
further characterization of the growth and death of cells containing various combinations of activated c- myc , ras and bcl -2 oncogenes should provide insights as to how the various [characteristics] of these three classes of oncogene interact .

Harm , and serious harm is done to the memory of Pope John when one attributes to him attitudes he did not have .
harm , and serious harm is done to the memory of pope john when one [characteristics] to him attitudes he did not have .

The former is usually associated with him , and Erikson attributes it to him , but in fact it is extremely doubtful whether this is a legitimate interpretation ( Roshier , 1977 , pp .
the former is usually associated with him , and erikson [characteristics] it to him , but in fact it is extremely doubtful whether this is a legitimate interpretation ( roshier , 1977 , pp .

They teemed with wonders : individuals blessed with attributes that would have made them , in this , the Fifth Dominion , fit for sainthood , or burning , or both ; cults possessed of secrets that would overturn in a moment the dogmas of faith and physics alike ; beauty that might blind the sun , or set the moon dreaming of fertility .
they teemed with wonders : individuals blessed with [characteristics] that would have made them , in this , the fifth dominion , fit for sainthood , or burning , or both ; cults possessed of secrets that would overturn in a moment the dogmas of faith and physics alike ; beauty that might blind the sun , or set the moon dreaming of fertility .

developing cultural and linguistic attributes necessary for functioning effectively in the black community ;
developing cultural and linguistic [characteristics] necessary for functioning effectively in the black community ;

The tone is different ; it is more optimistic , more likely to assume that the process of historical change being viewed has at least some positive attributes , and less likely to dwell on social ‘ ills ’ or problems .
the tone is different ; it is more optimistic , more likely to assume that the process of historical change being viewed has at least some positive [characteristics] , and less likely to dwell on social ‘ ills ’ or problems .

It follows that ‘ those sensations must be all that we can , at bottom , mean by their attributes ; and the distinction which we verbally make between the properties of things and the sensations we receive from them , must originate in the convenience of discourse rather than in the nature of what is signified by the terms ’ .
it follows that ‘ those sensations must be all that we can , at bottom , mean by their [characteristics] ; and the distinction which we verbally make between the properties of things and the sensations we receive from them , must originate in the convenience of discourse rather than in the nature of what is signified by the terms ’ .

It 's one of the most rewarding attributes they possess — discovering and articulating the weird mutation in the human race .
it 's one of the most rewarding [characteristics] they possess — discovering and articulating the weird mutation in the human race .

To the Victorian mind — and Tolkien , like Ivy Compton-Burnett , was born in 1892 , and proudly a native of that age — a hatred of industrial capitalism was more naturally conservative , even Conservative , than radical — a wholly sensible view that might be worth recovering ; and The Lord of the Rings is a conservative tract for green England and the moral attributes of a pre-industrial world .
to the victorian mind — and tolkien , like ivy compton-burnett , was born in 1892 , and proudly a native of that age — a hatred of industrial capitalism was more naturally conservative , even conservative , than radical — a wholly sensible view that might be worth recovering ; and the lord of the rings is a conservative tract for green england and the moral [characteristics] of a pre-industrial world .

Silence is one of the hunting tiger 's greatest attributes .
silence is one of the hunting tiger 's greatest [characteristics] .

Jose attributes his success in sharing his tennis secrets with his life experience .
jose [characteristics] his success in sharing his tennis secrets with his life experience .

There are a number of tests you can conduct in your studio which will reveal one sheet 's attributes over another — in terms of absorbency , texture , weight and colour .
there are a number of tests you can conduct in your studio which will reveal one sheet 's [characteristics] over another — in terms of absorbency , texture , weight and colour .

Being real is thus seen as one of the defining attributes of God , just as having three sides is one of the defining attributes of a triangle .
being real is thus seen as one of the defining [characteristics] of god , just as having three sides is one of the defining [characteristics] of a triangle .

But , he insisted , the concept of a ‘ necessarily existent Being ’ rests on a confusion between existence and attributes .
but , he insisted , the concept of a ‘ necessarily existent being ’ rests on a confusion between existence and [characteristics] .

Particular attributes or qualities may indeed be part of the very definition of something , and therefore inseparable from it .
particular [characteristics] or qualities may indeed be part of the very definition of something , and therefore inseparable from it .

So , for example , ‘ All attributes which we ascribe to God are to be taken as denoting , not something special in God , but only something special in the manner in which the feeling of absolute dependence is to be related to him ’ .
so , for example , ‘ all [characteristics] which we ascribe to god are to be taken as denoting , not something special in god , but only something special in the manner in which the feeling of absolute dependence is to be related to him ’ .

Kenotic christology took this to mean that in becoming man , the Son of God divested himself of his specifically divine attributes , such as omniscience and omnipotence .
kenotic christology took this to mean that in becoming man , the son of god divested himself of his specifically divine [characteristics] , such as omniscience and omnipotence .

For this reason , too , he broke away from the traditional pattern of definitions of the ‘ attributes of God ’ in terms of such qualities as omnipotence , eternity , omnipresence , infinity , perfection and so on .
for this reason , too , he broke away from the traditional pattern of definitions of the ‘ [characteristics] of god ’ in terms of such qualities as omnipotence , eternity , omnipresence , infinity , perfection and so on .

However , the second language literature has been able to go beyond this simple finding and attributes the age effect to the various underlying variables of motivation , as well as degree of contact .
however , the second language literature has been able to go beyond this simple finding and [characteristics] the age effect to the various underlying variables of motivation , as well as degree of contact .

Ergonomics can be defined as systems design with the attributes of people as the frame of reference .
ergonomics can be defined as systems design with the [characteristics] of people as the frame of reference .

Each provides attributes which are not easily available from the other .
each provides [characteristics] which are not easily available from the other .

Human development can be described in terms of three attributes : capacities , skills and aspirations ( Singleton , 198 1 ) .
human development can be described in terms of three [characteristics] : capacities , skills and aspirations ( singleton , 198 1 ) .

These are partly determined by and partly determine the other attributes .
these are partly determined by and partly determine the other [characteristics] .

The individual is in difficulties if his aspirations do not match his capacities and skills but most people are sufficiently realistic and have sufficient self-knowledge to keep these attributes in line .
the individual is in difficulties if his aspirations do not match his capacities and skills but most people are sufficiently realistic and have sufficient self-knowledge to keep these [characteristics] in line .

All three terms are attributes of individuals intended to describe their distinction from other individuals .
all three terms are [characteristics] of individuals intended to describe their distinction from other individuals .

For more senior positions there are more subtle attributes such as self-knowledge and the ability to see ‘ the big picture ’ which increase with age , these are the reasons why most institutions and societies rely on older leaders ( Singleton , 1983b ) .
for more senior positions there are more subtle [characteristics] such as self-knowledge and the ability to see ‘ the big picture ’ which increase with age , these are the reasons why most institutions and societies rely on older leaders ( singleton , 1983b ) .

Information obtained during an interview is about assessable but unquantifiable attributes such as attitudes , motivation , reliability , integrity , social ease and so on .
information obtained during an interview is about assessable but unquantifiable [characteristics] such as attitudes , motivation , reliability , integrity , social ease and so on .

Role playing and case studies are often used and they can be effective in reducing self-unease ( self-awareness and self-analysis are necessary attributes of the good interviewer in action ) and highlighting idiosyncratic features such as mannerisms and biases .
role playing and case studies are often used and they can be effective in reducing self-unease ( self-awareness and self-analysis are necessary [characteristics] of the good interviewer in action ) and highlighting idiosyncratic features such as mannerisms and biases .

It can vary in precision from quantitative anthropometric surveys to attempts to describe the attributes of products which particular users prefer .
it can vary in precision from quantitative anthropometric surveys to attempts to describe the [characteristics] of products which particular users prefer .

found that employers adopt a range of recruitment strategies in which educational qualifications are combined with other attributes to varying degrees .
found that employers adopt a range of recruitment strategies in which educational qualifications are combined with other [characteristics] to varying degrees .

It is important to note that the educational qualifications are not being treated as an index of non-educational attributes ( e.g .
it is important to note that the educational qualifications are not being treated as an index of non-educational [characteristics] ( e.g .

educational qualifications are functionless . Recruitment is based on personality or physical attributes which are seen as having nothing to do with education ;
educational qualifications are functionless . recruitment is based on personality or physical [characteristics] which are seen as having nothing to do with education ;

The Report discusses employers ' evaluations of young workers relative to older ones in terms of thirteen ‘ essential attributes ’ .
the report discusses employers ' evaluations of young workers relative to older ones in terms of thirteen ‘ essential [characteristics] ’ .

The discussion which follows in the Report for young people in general is based mainly on a rating which is established by subtracting the number of employers who think that young people are worse than older workers from those who think that they are better on each of these attributes .
the discussion which follows in the report for young people in general is based mainly on a rating which is established by subtracting the number of employers who think that young people are worse than older workers from those who think that they are better on each of these [characteristics] .

On this basis they come out very badly with negative marks on nine out of the thirteen attributes .
on this basis they come out very badly with negative marks on nine out of the thirteen [characteristics] .

In fact , young people come out worse overall on only three out of the thirteen attributes relative to older workers .
in fact , young people come out worse overall on only three out of the thirteen [characteristics] relative to older workers .

Ironically , the attribute on which young people do best relative to older workers is specific educational qualifications which actually comes bottom of the employers ' list of essential attributes , being mentioned by only 2 per cent of employers ! In fact , employers give all the educational attributes a low priority .
ironically , the attribute on which young people do best relative to older workers is specific educational qualifications which actually comes bottom of the employers ' list of essential [characteristics] , being mentioned by only 2 per cent of employers ! in fact , employers give all the educational [characteristics] a low priority .

The top four attributes are each of this type .
the top four [characteristics] are each of this type .

The re-presented Holland Report data showed how young people are judged to be ‘ worse ’ by employers on age-related attributes .
the re-presented holland report data showed how young people are judged to be ‘ worse ’ by employers on age-related [characteristics] .

But we must question which cultural attributes define groups of people as different .
but we must question which cultural [characteristics] define groups of people as different .

These Daemonettes have important Chaos attributes — Multiple Arms and Elastic Limbs — which make them dangerous opponents .
these daemonettes have important chaos [characteristics] — multiple arms and elastic limbs — which make them dangerous opponents .

( How many modern Christians value these modern attributes as somehow good !
( how many modern christians value these modern [characteristics] as somehow good !

According to Celac , Elena came to dominate her husband as he grew older , though he attributes her authority as much to her marginally more elevated social origins as to her sex .
according to celac , elena came to dominate her husband as he grew older , though he [characteristics] her authority as much to her marginally more elevated social origins as to her sex .

The individual woman must somehow find her own approach to beauty , an image which is likely to be influenced by cultural expectations , by her own natural attributes , her personality , and by her current stage of life .
the individual woman must somehow find her own approach to beauty , an image which is likely to be influenced by cultural expectations , by her own natural [characteristics] , her personality , and by her current stage of life .

This may be an art that we need to rediscover , since in modern society the positive attributes of age are usually ignored , the cult of youth being dominant .
this may be an art that we need to rediscover , since in modern society the positive [characteristics] of age are usually ignored , the cult of youth being dominant .

Such emblems , in their different manifestations , seem to imply that women have the power to empathize with the animal kingdom , to tame wild creatures , and use their strength and attributes .
such emblems , in their different manifestations , seem to imply that women have the power to empathize with the animal kingdom , to tame wild creatures , and use their strength and [characteristics] .

Remember that she responds to laughter , and lightness and warmth , her attributes .
remember that she responds to laughter , and lightness and warmth , her [characteristics] .

The chancellor who had long been an admirer of the queen , was affected not for the first time by her beauty and appeal — attributes which , it seemed to him , were in no way impaired by adversity .
the chancellor who had long been an admirer of the queen , was affected not for the first time by her beauty and appeal — [characteristics] which , it seemed to him , were in no way impaired by adversity .

Classical elitists regarded Marxism as a religious faith , a prophylactic for the downtrodden proletariat which wrongly attributes all previous systems of elite rule to economic forces , and which ignores the inescapable evidence that organizational logic and the psychological dependence of a mass of citizens on leadership makes ineluctable some such structure of domination .
classical elitists regarded marxism as a religious faith , a prophylactic for the downtrodden proletariat which wrongly [characteristics] all previous systems of elite rule to economic forces , and which ignores the inescapable evidence that organizational logic and the psychological dependence of a mass of citizens on leadership makes ineluctable some such structure of domination .

Early nineteenth-century science had indiscriminately merged physical criteria of classification with psychological characteristics to produce an ideal type classification of human groups ; aesthetic ideals of beauty and heroic personality attributes had been ascribed to the Aryan or Nordic group , and all other races or ethnic groups were accorded inferior appearance and character references .
early nineteenth-century science had indiscriminately merged physical criteria of classification with psychological characteristics to produce an ideal type classification of human groups ; aesthetic ideals of beauty and heroic personality [characteristics] had been ascribed to the aryan or nordic group , and all other races or ethnic groups were accorded inferior appearance and character references .

No geneticist has yet isolated a Jewish gene or a British gene transmitting specific cultural attributes .
no geneticist has yet isolated a jewish gene or a british gene transmitting specific cultural [characteristics] .

One solution is to assume that , since all men are in their most basic attributes ultimately alike and use similar mental processes , then they must mean the same things when they employ the same symbols and metaphors .
one solution is to assume that , since all men are in their most basic [characteristics] ultimately alike and use similar mental processes , then they must mean the same things when they employ the same symbols and metaphors .

The title of the Conference was ‘ Peace , Action , and the Concept of Self ’ , the overall focus being explications on indigenous ideas of what it means to be a human being , how the associated attributes are conceptualized , and patterns of behaviour .
the title of the conference was ‘ peace , action , and the concept of self ’ , the overall focus being explications on indigenous ideas of what it means to be a human being , how the associated [characteristics] are conceptualized , and patterns of behaviour .

Hobbes ' extreme views are often juxtaposed with those of Rousseau , who viewed human nature as innately ‘ good ’ and attributes the manifest defects in human behaviour to the corrupting effects of ‘ society ’ or of ‘ culture ’ .
hobbes ' extreme views are often juxtaposed with those of rousseau , who viewed human nature as innately ‘ good ’ and [characteristics] the manifest defects in human behaviour to the corrupting effects of ‘ society ’ or of ‘ culture ’ .

More particularly , there is a focus on indigenous ideas concerning human nature , and the psychological attributes associated with it , and behaviour is interpreted in terms of these ideas .
more particularly , there is a focus on indigenous ideas concerning human nature , and the psychological [characteristics] associated with it , and behaviour is interpreted in terms of these ideas .

To the Chewong , disease is always explained in terms of one of the above-mentioned attributes being upset in some way , usually through the interference of a non-human being .
to the chewong , disease is always explained in terms of one of the above-mentioned [characteristics] being upset in some way , usually through the interference of a non-human being .

Endurance , fleetness , wakefulness , watchfulness , and bellicosity , all attributes that for the Shavante lead to good hunting , are also indicative of valour , the most esteemed characteristic of Shavante manhood .
endurance , fleetness , wakefulness , watchfulness , and bellicosity , all [characteristics] that for the shavante lead to good hunting , are also indicative of valour , the most esteemed characteristic of shavante manhood .

One said , ‘ Being articulate and diplomatic and having saintlike patience and dogged persistence have become key attributes needed to prise out money that should be available as right .
one said , ‘ being articulate and diplomatic and having saintlike patience and dogged persistence have become key [characteristics] needed to prise out money that should be available as right .

Omnipresence was only one of several attributes that tipped him over into the realm of the superhuman .
omnipresence was only one of several [characteristics] that tipped him over into the realm of the superhuman .

Master administrator , father figure , the last hope for flared trousers , these are but a few of the attributes a manager must posses .
master administrator , father figure , the last hope for flared trousers , these are but a few of the [characteristics] a manager must posses .

The problem of social role One particular difficulty which is liable to beset participant observation studies was touched on in the previous paragraph ; it concerns the social role allocated to the fieldworker as a consequence of his or her age , sex , ethnicity or other socially significant attributes .
the problem of social role one particular difficulty which is liable to beset participant observation studies was touched on in the previous paragraph ; it concerns the social role allocated to the fieldworker as a consequence of his or her age , sex , ethnicity or other socially significant [characteristics] .

However , attributes like those listed above clearly can not easily be manipulated , a particular problem in Nordberg 's view when an ‘ insider ’ is used as fieldworker :
however , [characteristics] like those listed above clearly can not easily be manipulated , a particular problem in nordberg 's view when an ‘ insider ’ is used as fieldworker :

Pursuing the issue of the fieldworker 's social role , it is worth commenting on a very general and apparently reasonable assumption that the closer the fieldworker is matched to subjects in terms of various social attributes , the more successful he or she is likely to be .
pursuing the issue of the fieldworker 's social role , it is worth commenting on a very general and apparently reasonable assumption that the closer the fieldworker is matched to subjects in terms of various social [characteristics] , the more successful he or she is likely to be .

Similarly , Wolfson attributes her unsuccessful interview with the restaurant owner to a mismatch of age , sex and status in addition perhaps to the particularly low social esteem accorded to a young woman .
similarly , wolfson [characteristics] her unsuccessful interview with the restaurant owner to a mismatch of age , sex and status in addition perhaps to the particularly low social esteem accorded to a young woman .

But close matching in terms of age and sex and other attributes is not the only social factor which makes for choice of fieldworker ; attitudes to males and females also need to be taken into account .
but close matching in terms of age and sex and other [characteristics] is not the only social factor which makes for choice of fieldworker ; attitudes to males and females also need to be taken into account .

There is however much evidence that people want to be more adventurous , and to learn more about the countryside through interpretation ( Countryside Commissions , 1975 ) and one excellent way of combining all these attributes is in a specially designed recreational site , the Country Park .
there is however much evidence that people want to be more adventurous , and to learn more about the countryside through interpretation ( countryside commissions , 1975 ) and one excellent way of combining all these [characteristics] is in a specially designed recreational site , the country park .

Furthermore , excessive emphasis was placed both on measurable landscape attributes and on devising universal methods , while neglecting the social attitudes , feelings and values of the general public .
furthermore , excessive emphasis was placed both on measurable landscape [characteristics] and on devising universal methods , while neglecting the social attitudes , feelings and values of the general public .

Professor Tetley attributes one of the oldest waybills in circulation , the ‘ straight ’ ocean bill of lading , to the United States Pomerene Act .
professor tetley [characteristics] one of the oldest waybills in circulation , the ‘ straight ’ ocean bill of lading , to the united states pomerene act .

Of the many marble figures offered to Athena on the Acropolis some have attributes of the goddess , but the great majority are girls with nothing to suggest that they are she ; many have inscriptions showing that they were given by men ; and they seem to be simply themselves , servants or companions for the deity .
of the many marble figures offered to athena on the acropolis some have [characteristics] of the goddess , but the great majority are girls with nothing to suggest that they are she ; many have inscriptions showing that they were given by men ; and they seem to be simply themselves , servants or companions for the deity .

They include the limited availability of jobs in the recession years , poor access to information about vacancies , lack of the requisite skills and personal attributes , uncertainty about the security of a potential job , the employment situation of other workers in the same household , the stage of children 's schooling and reluctance to break family and social ties .
they include the limited availability of jobs in the recession years , poor access to information about vacancies , lack of the requisite skills and personal [characteristics] , uncertainty about the security of a potential job , the employment situation of other workers in the same household , the stage of children 's schooling and reluctance to break family and social ties .

The residual , that part of the earnings gap not explained by personal attributes , is conventionally taken as an indicator of discrimination .
the residual , that part of the earnings gap not explained by personal [characteristics] , is conventionally taken as an indicator of discrimination .

Only rarely do plans consider more than the simple spatial attributes of the housing stock .
only rarely do plans consider more than the simple spatial [characteristics] of the housing stock .

Ideas about the abnormality of disabled people that arise out of research based on adding together the particular psychological attributes of individual disabled people are then systematically misleading , since they fail to include ‘ social forces , structural features of society , institutional factors and so on ’ ( Lukes , 1973 , p. 122 ) in their explanations — in other words , because they treat disability as if it were the same thing as impairment .
ideas about the abnormality of disabled people that arise out of research based on adding together the particular psychological [characteristics] of individual disabled people are then systematically misleading , since they fail to include ‘ social forces , structural features of society , institutional factors and so on ’ ( lukes , 1973 , p. 122 ) in their explanations — in other words , because they treat disability as if it were the same thing as impairment .

Nor do the other attributes of incorporation suggest a basis on which a more extensive right of intervention on public interest grounds could be justified in the case of a company , than of , say , a partnership , simply in virtue of their respective legal characteristics .
nor do the other [characteristics] of incorporation suggest a basis on which a more extensive right of intervention on public interest grounds could be justified in the case of a company , than of , say , a partnership , simply in virtue of their respective legal characteristics .

The distinctive attributes of the company , separate legal personality and limited liability , are beyond the reach of private agreement .
the distinctive [characteristics] of the company , separate legal personality and limited liability , are beyond the reach of private agreement .

While it is true that the standard expected of particular directors may be increased in accordance with their individual attributes , it is clear that there is also an objective base-line standard , though admittedly a low one .
while it is true that the standard expected of particular directors may be increased in accordance with their individual [characteristics] , it is clear that there is also an objective base-line standard , though admittedly a low one .

Once it is accepted that management involves technical expertise , the court could , without departing from the existing but anomalous principle that the standard of care is linked to the attributes of the director , impose an appropriately higher standard , given that most executive directors of large companies do have considerable business experience .
once it is accepted that management involves technical expertise , the court could , without departing from the existing but anomalous principle that the standard of care is linked to the [characteristics] of the director , impose an appropriately higher standard , given that most executive directors of large companies do have considerable business experience .

Each record is examined in turn , and its descriptors are compared with those of the search request ( which might be like that for a graduate engineer with other attributes shown above ) .
each record is examined in turn , and its descriptors are compared with those of the search request ( which might be like that for a graduate engineer with other [characteristics] shown above ) .

In cases such as that of a personnel file , for which the number of attributes is relatively low and the same for each record , a bit-pattern index can be a compact way of storing information about the file .
in cases such as that of a personnel file , for which the number of [characteristics] is relatively low and the same for each record , a bit-pattern index can be a compact way of storing information about the file .

However , it is not very useful for a bibliographic file in which there may be thousands of potential attributes for each record , only a very few of which are non-zero .
however , it is not very useful for a bibliographic file in which there may be thousands of potential [characteristics] for each record , only a very few of which are non-zero .

When records are to be selected on the basis of the state of one or more attributes , a serial search concentrates on the records , examining each in turn to see if it meets the specified conditions of the search .
when records are to be selected on the basis of the state of one or more [characteristics] , a serial search concentrates on the records , examining each in turn to see if it meets the specified conditions of the search .

In fact , what is known from these specified conditions is the attributes required .
in fact , what is known from these specified conditions is the [characteristics] required .

In practice many designers prefer to hold the complete record in the master file , as this avoids the problem of assembling information about attributes possessed by the record but not specifically referenced in the request .
in practice many designers prefer to hold the complete record in the master file , as this avoids the problem of assembling information about [characteristics] possessed by the record but not specifically referenced in the request .

When the number of attributes is low , this allows very economical storage of the data about a particular record .
when the number of [characteristics] is low , this allows very economical storage of the data about a particular record .

In an earlier example it was shown that a large proportion of requests only require some attributes to be present or absent .
in an earlier example it was shown that a large proportion of requests only require some [characteristics] to be present or absent .

This is reduced if there are many possible attributes because each attribute index list will tend to be shorter .
this is reduced if there are many possible [characteristics] because each attribute index list will tend to be shorter .

Thus , the more suitable the application is for bit-pattern index handling ( small numbers of possible attributes ) , the less suitable it is for inverted file handling .
thus , the more suitable the application is for bit-pattern index handling ( small numbers of possible [characteristics] ) , the less suitable it is for inverted file handling .

presented a ‘ grid ’ file that performs particularly well when the number of search attributes is ten or less , and offers a high data storage utilization , good growth characteristics and efficient processing of range queries ; Stanfill and Kahle explain the principles of a parallel free-text search on a particular parallel computer , and claim a retrieval speed of 2 — 3 minutes for Boolean queries of 25 and 20000 terms respectively when the database in question takes up 15 Gbytes of storage space .
presented a ‘ grid ’ file that performs particularly well when the number of search [characteristics] is ten or less , and offers a high data storage utilization , good growth characteristics and efficient processing of range queries ; stanfill and kahle explain the principles of a parallel free-text search on a particular parallel computer , and claim a retrieval speed of 2 — 3 minutes for boolean queries of 25 and 20000 terms respectively when the database in question takes up 15 gbytes of storage space .

The use of the word ‘ gender ’ not only denotes an emphasis on the social ( as opposed to biological ) attributes of women and men , but also indicates a recognition of the relationship between masculinity and femininity .
the use of the word ‘ gender ’ not only denotes an emphasis on the social ( as opposed to biological ) [characteristics] of women and men , but also indicates a recognition of the relationship between masculinity and femininity .

His foremost biographer attributes this withdrawal to his inability to endure the prison existence .
his foremost biographer [characteristics] this withdrawal to his inability to endure the prison existence .

The whole process involves a complex and perhaps partly unconscious set of trade-offs between various desirable graduate attributes and the more general context of supply and demand .
the whole process involves a complex and perhaps partly unconscious set of trade-offs between various desirable graduate [characteristics] and the more general context of supply and demand .

The approach in this chapter will be largely ahistorical and asocial , focusing on the properties of things in themselves , while in chapter 7 the artefact will be returned to its historical context in order to examine how its various potential social attributes are actually realized in diverse circumstances .
the approach in this chapter will be largely ahistorical and asocial , focusing on the properties of things in themselves , while in chapter 7 the artefact will be returned to its historical context in order to examine how its various potential social [characteristics] are actually realized in diverse circumstances .

Whatever properties are delineated as especially appropriate to material artefacts in general , these can not be regarded as necessary attributes of an individual artefact when considered in any particular social context .
whatever properties are delineated as especially appropriate to material artefacts in general , these can not be regarded as necessary [characteristics] of an individual artefact when considered in any particular social context .

Societies have an extraordinary capacity either to consider objects as having attributes which may not appear as evident to outsiders , or else altogether to ignore attributes which would have appeared to those same outsiders as being inextricably part of that object .
societies have an extraordinary capacity either to consider objects as having [characteristics] which may not appear as evident to outsiders , or else altogether to ignore [characteristics] which would have appeared to those same outsiders as being inextricably part of that object .

On the one hand , it requires the transcendence of cultural relativism in order to discuss objects in terms of their general potential , but on the other hand it demands the recognition that these potential attributes need not necessarily be realized or acknowledged in any particular cultural context .
on the one hand , it requires the transcendence of cultural relativism in order to discuss objects in terms of their general potential , but on the other hand it demands the recognition that these potential [characteristics] need not necessarily be realized or acknowledged in any particular cultural context .

He provides a polythetic perspective on social position , exhibiting the structuralist preference for relationships over entities , so that all social attributes are understood primarily in terms of their co-variant properties .
he provides a polythetic perspective on social position , exhibiting the structuralist preference for relationships over entities , so that all social [characteristics] are understood primarily in terms of their co-variant properties .

As in many similar Romantic writings on the left of the political spectrum , the working class is considered authentic by virtue of precisely those attributes which have been forced upon it by oppression from above .
as in many similar romantic writings on the left of the political spectrum , the working class is considered authentic by virtue of precisely those [characteristics] which have been forced upon it by oppression from above .

1981 : 78 ) , there are the attributes held to be exemplified in the half-timbered , suburban , semi-detached , middle-class house : an ambivalent position in relation to town and country , an expression of individualism extended in the modern do-it-yourself tradition , a concern with compromise and a rejection of extremes , all set within statements about tradition and nationalism .
1981 : 78 ) , there are the [characteristics] held to be exemplified in the half-timbered , suburban , semi-detached , middle-class house : an ambivalent position in relation to town and country , an expression of individualism extended in the modern do-it-yourself tradition , a concern with compromise and a rejection of extremes , all set within statements about tradition and nationalism .

The problems arise when these are reified as essential attributes of an entire spectrum of cultural form .
the problems arise when these are reified as essential [characteristics] of an entire spectrum of cultural form .

What drives the strategic visionary ? What is the nature of his or her particular attributes , his or her particular ideas ?
what drives the strategic visionary ? what is the nature of his or her particular [characteristics] , his or her particular ideas ?

The project must have attributes which allow sequential processing .
the project must have [characteristics] which allow sequential processing .

The interrelationship of organizational attributes is the key to any successful business/design activity .
the interrelationship of organizational [characteristics] is the key to any successful business/design activity .

The large , well-known company possesses ‘ expertise ’ and can be ‘ trusted ’ , while the reference to employment of a chemist reveals that the small company lacking the attributes of wealth and competence is less able to comply , and implicitly untrustworthy .
the large , well-known company possesses ‘ expertise ’ and can be ‘ trusted ’ , while the reference to employment of a chemist reveals that the small company lacking the [characteristics] of wealth and competence is less able to comply , and implicitly untrustworthy .

Ultimately water authority staff prize personal qualities as an officer 's most important attributes .
ultimately water authority staff prize personal qualities as an officer 's most important [characteristics] .

shake , forsake ) , as a class , have no distinctive semantic attributes ( that is to say , members of the class share no characteristic patterns of co-occurrence with other open set elements that differentiate them from non-members ) ; however , they do share a grammatical peculiarity , which is that they form their past participles with — en .
shake , forsake ) , as a class , have no distinctive semantic [characteristics] ( that is to say , members of the class share no characteristic patterns of co-occurrence with other open set elements that differentiate them from non-members ) ; however , they do share a grammatical peculiarity , which is that they form their past participles with — en .

Second , it is commonly the case that what is highlighted or backgrounded is an attribute , or range of attributes , of the entity referred to .
second , it is commonly the case that what is highlighted or backgrounded is an attribute , or range of [characteristics] , of the entity referred to .

Why , then , were only half-a-dozen of these new towns properly laid out on a predetermined plan , and the vast majority left to grow haphazard with narrow , irregular , winding streets , odd little lanes everywhere , and all the other attributes of the picturesque today ?
why , then , were only half-a-dozen of these new towns properly laid out on a predetermined plan , and the vast majority left to grow haphazard with narrow , irregular , winding streets , odd little lanes everywhere , and all the other [characteristics] of the picturesque today ?

It is because certain groups are held to exemplify the working of these laws that their structural positions or social attributes are held to possess a special explanatory power , or to equip them with a special ‘ totalizing ’ consciousness .
it is because certain groups are held to exemplify the working of these laws that their structural positions or social [characteristics] are held to possess a special explanatory power , or to equip them with a special ‘ totalizing ’ consciousness .

Attitudes are still read off from attributes .
attitudes are still read off from [characteristics] .

What differs is that holists derive attributes from structural location , and individualists from relational properties .
what differs is that holists derive [characteristics] from structural location , and individualists from relational properties .

But envy is an ambivalent structure of feeling ; it involves the desire to possess certain idealized attributes of the Other and the desire to destroy them because they signify what is felt to be lacking .
but envy is an ambivalent structure of feeling ; it involves the desire to possess certain idealized [characteristics] of the other and the desire to destroy them because they signify what is felt to be lacking .

One conclusion from these results is that a linear technique , which satisfies none of these design attributes , should not be used .
one conclusion from these results is that a linear technique , which satisfies none of these design [characteristics] , should not be used .

The decision as to when to use the modular technique and when to use the optimal technique depends on the relative importance of the design attributes .
the decision as to when to use the modular technique and when to use the optimal technique depends on the relative importance of the design [characteristics] .

This relationship can be transcribed from the geometric domain into the functional domain by grouping the functional attributes into sets .
this relationship can be transcribed from the geometric domain into the functional domain by grouping the functional [characteristics] into sets .

In this case the group attributes declared for the definition of the hole are wholly contained with the attributes declared for the definition of the block .
in this case the group [characteristics] declared for the definition of the hole are wholly contained with the [characteristics] declared for the definition of the block .

This approach can thus be used to define the functional attributes of the geometric domains .
this approach can thus be used to define the functional [characteristics] of the geometric domains .

This resulted in a set description of the functions ( as illustrated in Figure 2.6 ) which described the attributes as : The attributes both describe the properties of the solid spaces whilst the remaining two describe the associations of the intersecting spaces .
this resulted in a set description of the functions ( as illustrated in figure 2.6 ) which described the [characteristics] as : the [characteristics] both describe the properties of the solid spaces whilst the remaining two describe the associations of the intersecting spaces .

The approach that has been applied here is initially to define a functional domain in which all relationships and attributes can be recorded .
the approach that has been applied here is initially to define a functional domain in which all relationships and [characteristics] can be recorded .

It is thus possible to define the functioning relationships as attributes of the intersecting sub-spaces .
it is thus possible to define the functioning relationships as [characteristics] of the intersecting sub-spaces .

The functionality of the gear-lever is thus seen to exist as a set of attributes of the intersection of the functional domains ( see Figure 2.24 ) , which are mapped and preserved within the geometric domain .
the functionality of the gear-lever is thus seen to exist as a set of [characteristics] of the intersection of the functional domains ( see figure 2.24 ) , which are mapped and preserved within the geometric domain .

The condition , that allows the application of attributes solely to assemblies , provides a mechanism whereby a simplification in the relationships may be applied both at any early or late stage in a design .
the condition , that allows the application of [characteristics] solely to assemblies , provides a mechanism whereby a simplification in the relationships may be applied both at any early or late stage in a design .

Such a procedure would allow for all attributes within an assembly to be grouped into those which can be internally resolved and those associating with external spaces .
such a procedure would allow for all [characteristics] within an assembly to be grouped into those which can be internally resolved and those associating with external spaces .

For the example of a car described earlier , Figure 2.26 shows that the gearbox assembly file holds these attributes .
for the example of a car described earlier , figure 2.26 shows that the gearbox assembly file holds these [characteristics] .

Both of these are therefore reflected in the file as being attributes of the assembly and so are rolled up into the next hierarchical level .
both of these are therefore reflected in the file as being [characteristics] of the assembly and so are rolled up into the next hierarchical level .

This proposed approach to design is thus one in which the constraints or functional attributes are established at the earliest possible time in order to allow the design to be monitored .
this proposed approach to design is thus one in which the constraints or functional [characteristics] are established at the earliest possible time in order to allow the design to be monitored .

Tables of these relationships are thus established between groups of `` attributes `` .
tables of these relationships are thus established between groups of `` [characteristics] `` .

The individual relationships existing between two groups of attributes are described as `` tuples `` .
the individual relationships existing between two groups of [characteristics] are described as `` tuples `` .

In the assembly example shown ( see Figure 5.5 ) there are six tuples connecting the attributes of sub-assembly and components , and again six between components and sources .
in the assembly example shown ( see figure 5.5 ) there are six tuples connecting the [characteristics] of sub-assembly and components , and again six between components and sources .

The two sub-set attributes of base part refer to this drawing file , as they only contain details of changes to the base part .
the two sub-set [characteristics] of base part refer to this drawing file , as they only contain details of changes to the base part .

Successful mechanism design is thus seen as a marriage of spatial and functional attributes ; slight changes or relaxations in one set of attributes can markedly improve the acceptability of the other .
successful mechanism design is thus seen as a marriage of spatial and functional [characteristics] ; slight changes or relaxations in one set of [characteristics] can markedly improve the acceptability of the other .

These should be checked for the existence of attributes in the functional domain .
these should be checked for the existence of [characteristics] in the functional domain .

There are three attributes that you should look out for and try to develop in your paragraphs .
there are three [characteristics] that you should look out for and try to develop in your paragraphs .

Bergamot ( Monarda didyma ) is a well-known border flower , which has all sorts of herbal attributes ; the clove pink or gillyflower ( Dianthus caryophyllus ) is the highly scented forerunner of the modern garden pinks and border carnations , and its single-petalled , rosy purple or white flowers grow in clusters late in the summer .
bergamot ( monarda didyma ) is a well-known border flower , which has all sorts of herbal [characteristics] ; the clove pink or gillyflower ( dianthus caryophyllus ) is the highly scented forerunner of the modern garden pinks and border carnations , and its single-petalled , rosy purple or white flowers grow in clusters late in the summer .

One of the attributes of a good witch was to be able to brew love potions on demand , and lovage acquired its name because it was once thought to be an aphrodisiac and was therefore an essential ingredient of such recipes .
one of the [characteristics] of a good witch was to be able to brew love potions on demand , and lovage acquired its name because it was once thought to be an aphrodisiac and was therefore an essential ingredient of such recipes .

Henrietta ( Hetty to her friends , of whom Liz was not one ) embarrassed her , she could never say why : she represented pain , failure , tedium , though not in her own person : somehow , magically , she managed to transfer these attributes to those with whom she conversed , while herself remaining poised and indeed complacent , secure of admiration .
henrietta ( hetty to her friends , of whom liz was not one ) embarrassed her , she could never say why : she represented pain , failure , tedium , though not in her own person : somehow , magically , she managed to transfer these [characteristics] to those with whom she conversed , while herself remaining poised and indeed complacent , secure of admiration .

Scott clearly attributes considerable power to the upper classes in modern Britain .
scott clearly [characteristics] considerable power to the upper classes in modern britain .

He argues that professionalism involves ‘ four essential attributes ’ .
he argues that professionalism involves ‘ four essential [characteristics] ’ .

He attributes this decline to changes in the environment rather than to antibiotics and widespread immunization .
he [characteristics] this decline to changes in the environment rather than to antibiotics and widespread immunization .

Some of the occupational groups which claim professional status lack many of the attributes of professionalism .
some of the occupational groups which claim professional status lack many of the [characteristics] of professionalism .

Routh attributes most of this change to the increasing employment of professionals by businesses .
routh [characteristics] most of this change to the increasing employment of professionals by businesses .

He attributes this to the rise of the modern office , mass literacy , the recruitment of growing numbers of clerical workers from manual backgrounds , and the increasing employment of female labour in these jobs .
he [characteristics] this to the rise of the modern office , mass literacy , the recruitment of growing numbers of clerical workers from manual backgrounds , and the increasing employment of female labour in these jobs .

It depends on matters such as physical attributes and abilities of individuals , their monetary resources , the availability of mechanized means of transport and the appropriate infrastructure ; but it does not depend on the opportunities that may or may not present themselves as a result of moving : accessibility alone incorporates this feature ( Moseley 1979a ) .
it depends on matters such as physical [characteristics] and abilities of individuals , their monetary resources , the availability of mechanized means of transport and the appropriate infrastructure ; but it does not depend on the opportunities that may or may not present themselves as a result of moving : accessibility alone incorporates this feature ( moseley 1979a ) .

And it is here that we come to the nub , theoretically , of the problem with Adorno 's whole approach to listening Dick Bradley ( n.d. ) points out that within a Marxist framework production and consumption can not properly be given the near-identity which Adorno attributes to them .
and it is here that we come to the nub , theoretically , of the problem with adorno 's whole approach to listening dick bradley ( n.d. ) points out that within a marxist framework production and consumption can not properly be given the near-identity which adorno [characteristics] to them .

For one school of modern historians this programme ( to which it attributes transcendent importance in the development of Carlism ) represents a reversion to a traditional monarchy ruling with the historic Cortes and subject to God and the law , a via media between imported liberalism and the equally foreign ministerial despotism of the eighteenth century , a truly Spanish solution of the political problem of modern Spain .
for one school of modern historians this programme ( to which it [characteristics] transcendent importance in the development of carlism ) represents a reversion to a traditional monarchy ruling with the historic cortes and subject to god and the law , a via media between imported liberalism and the equally foreign ministerial despotism of the eighteenth century , a truly spanish solution of the political problem of modern spain .

The amulets , including flat plates designed for attachment to a background material as well as three-dimensional figurines , featured a wide range of animals identified in mythology with attributes favourable to human well-being .
the amulets , including flat plates designed for attachment to a background material as well as three-dimensional figurines , featured a wide range of animals identified in mythology with [characteristics] favourable to human well-being .

Aesthetic appearance , rarity and durability may have been the physical attributes which led particular substances to be categorized as precious , but it was the fact of being recognized as such which made them effective as symbols .
aesthetic appearance , rarity and durability may have been the physical [characteristics] which led particular substances to be categorized as precious , but it was the fact of being recognized as such which made them effective as symbols .

Human attributes these , that can fuel the mightiest of tragedies .
human [characteristics] these , that can fuel the mightiest of tragedies .

Kraljević Marko 's exploits , for example , span more than two centuries after Kosovo , and different attributes of this many-sided hero appealed to different generations of singers .
kraljević marko 's exploits , for example , span more than two centuries after kosovo , and different [characteristics] of this many-sided hero appealed to different generations of singers .

When the ideas of the French Revolution concerning the rights of nations to self-government reached the Slovenes , they already had many of the attributes of a modern nation , but it was to take them over a century to achieve a form of self-determination within the wider Yugoslav state .
when the ideas of the french revolution concerning the rights of nations to self-government reached the slovenes , they already had many of the [characteristics] of a modern nation , but it was to take them over a century to achieve a form of self-determination within the wider yugoslav state .

In other cases there are no apparent pathological attributes and no clear clinical causes so mental handicap can not be deduced from appearance or symptoms but is diagnosed gradually from performance and development in early childhood .
in other cases there are no apparent pathological [characteristics] and no clear clinical causes so mental handicap can not be deduced from appearance or symptoms but is diagnosed gradually from performance and development in early childhood .

One of the hypothesis which could be proposed , attributes the lack of modification in mitochondrial genome expression to over expression of the intact genome population , or to a substantial increase in the overall concentration of mitochondrial genomes per nuclear genome ( therefore in the intact mitochondrial genome concentration ) .
one of the hypothesis which could be proposed , [characteristics] the lack of modification in mitochondrial genome expression to over expression of the intact genome population , or to a substantial increase in the overall concentration of mitochondrial genomes per nuclear genome ( therefore in the intact mitochondrial genome concentration ) .

So you create a single-record form layout on the screen , assigning names to fields and then selecting attributes from a menu .
so you create a single-record form layout on the screen , assigning names to fields and then selecting [characteristics] from a menu .

In other words , what is really being `` talked about `` in existential propositions he might say , are not — not primarily , anyhow — any ontological objects and attributes of such objects , but knowledge , and the possibility of knowledge , of certain propositions .
in other words , what is really being `` talked about `` in existential propositions he might say , are not — not primarily , anyhow — any ontological objects and [characteristics] of such objects , but knowledge , and the possibility of knowledge , of certain propositions .

It is not an `` aggregate `` of certain objects and attributes .
it is not an `` aggregate `` of certain objects and [characteristics] .

Rather it `` contains `` objects with attributes .
rather it `` contains `` objects with [characteristics] .

Before any of them can be significantly claimed to be logical as well as grammatical subjects , and treated as denoting certain objects that exist in their own right rather than merely describing attributes of such objects , or representing something purely fictional , certain additional conditions must be fulfilled .
before any of them can be significantly claimed to be logical as well as grammatical subjects , and treated as denoting certain objects that exist in their own right rather than merely describing [characteristics] of such objects , or representing something purely fictional , certain additional conditions must be fulfilled .

about his actual or merely possible attributes .
about his actual or merely possible [characteristics] .

And , of course , the man referred to as `` Shakespeare `` might have been Bacon , or rather he might have had the attributes associated with Bacon .
and , of course , the man referred to as `` shakespeare `` might have been bacon , or rather he might have had the [characteristics] associated with bacon .

If , however , Shakespeare did actually exist , then he must have possessed certain attributes that made him the kind of existent he was , even though no attributes that he may have had would have been sufficient to individuate him in a metaphysical sense .
if , however , shakespeare did actually exist , then he must have possessed certain [characteristics] that made him the kind of existent he was , even though no [characteristics] that he may have had would have been sufficient to individuate him in a metaphysical sense .

If `` Shakespeare `` names an existent , it names someone with certain specific attributes , although his numerical identity , in the strict sense , can not be defined in terms of those attributes .
if `` shakespeare `` names an existent , it names someone with certain specific [characteristics] , although his numerical identity , in the strict sense , can not be defined in terms of those [characteristics] .

He argues that a monad is fully determined by the attributes it has and , what is more , that every monad is qualitatively ( not just numerically ) different from every other .
he argues that a monad is fully determined by the [characteristics] it has and , what is more , that every monad is qualitatively ( not just numerically ) different from every other .

If two monads coincided in all their attributes , then they would be indistinguishable and one could not properly speak of `` two `` monads .
if two monads coincided in all their [characteristics] , then they would be indistinguishable and one could not properly speak of `` two `` monads .

Although he maintains that every monad is distinguished from every other in virtue of the attributes it has , he nevertheless refuses to regard monads as mere agglomerations ' of attributes — or what might be more appropriately described as groups or `` bundles `` of qualities , without a `` substratum `` .
although he maintains that every monad is distinguished from every other in virtue of the [characteristics] it has , he nevertheless refuses to regard monads as mere agglomerations ' of [characteristics] — or what might be more appropriately described as groups or `` bundles `` of qualities , without a `` substratum `` .

Yet , it is claimed , all that he really needed were attributes , or more accurately , qualities .
yet , it is claimed , all that he really needed were [characteristics] , or more accurately , qualities .

that there is only one substance which is in fact identical with the whole of reality , and that the only plurality there is or can be is the plurality of `` attributes and modifications `` .
that there is only one substance which is in fact identical with the whole of reality , and that the only plurality there is or can be is the plurality of `` [characteristics] and modifications `` .

All these options , it should be noted , remain within the basic framework of the categorial schema of objects and attributes , and this inevitably sets limits to what can be achieved by the respective philosophies of mind `` .
all these options , it should be noted , remain within the basic framework of the categorial schema of objects and [characteristics] , and this inevitably sets limits to what can be achieved by the respective philosophies of mind `` .

Both sides are agreed that experiences can not be explained in terms of physical attributes of physical bodies .
both sides are agreed that experiences can not be explained in terms of physical [characteristics] of physical bodies .

When someone complains that he has a toothache , or attributes a similar condition to another person , what exactly is he saying ?
when someone complains that he has a toothache , or [characteristics] a similar condition to another person , what exactly is he saying ?

The ontological idealist , given his general metaphysical premisses , can at least argue that what we regard as `` physical bodies `` are really no extra-spiritual entities , for all entities are either spiritual or are explicable in terms of attributes of such entities , and although his position gives rise to all kinds of difficulties , he can , on the whole , present his case a good deal more consistently than a dualist can .
the ontological idealist , given his general metaphysical premisses , can at least argue that what we regard as `` physical bodies `` are really no extra-spiritual entities , for all entities are either spiritual or are explicable in terms of [characteristics] of such entities , and although his position gives rise to all kinds of difficulties , he can , on the whole , present his case a good deal more consistently than a dualist can .

Usually , the media planner attributes importance weightings to different demographic groups in the population , and the computer is asked to rank media or groups of media against them in order of cost per thousand .
usually , the media planner [characteristics] importance weightings to different demographic groups in the population , and the computer is asked to rank media or groups of media against them in order of cost per thousand .

This chapter presents a selection of learning algorithms which handle large sets of similar simple attributes . The ones presented are
this chapter presents a selection of learning algorithms which handle large sets of similar simple [characteristics] . the ones presented are

The input to such an algorithm is a set of values for very many attributes .
the input to such an algorithm is a set of values for very many [characteristics] .

All the attributes are of the same type .
all the [characteristics] are of the same type .

The only distinguishing feature of two different attributes is that they are in different positions , or something like that , which has no bearing on their possible values .
the only distinguishing feature of two different [characteristics] is that they are in different positions , or something like that , which has no bearing on their possible values .

Again , their data consist of clean small sets of attributes .
again , their data consist of clean small sets of [characteristics] .

Throughout his rule he sought to invite Persia under a strong national Army and forced it to modernize and accept many of the attributes and conventions of the twentieth century .
throughout his rule he sought to invite persia under a strong national army and forced it to modernize and accept many of the [characteristics] and conventions of the twentieth century .

He exploited his age , like all his other attributes , to great dramatic effect .
he exploited his age , like all his other [characteristics] , to great dramatic effect .

’ It 's any ancient domestic breed , one of many in eastern Asia , and it main attributes seem to be that it does n't eat much , it grows up quickly , and it 's almost pure lard .
’ it 's any ancient domestic breed , one of many in eastern asia , and it main [characteristics] seem to be that it does n't eat much , it grows up quickly , and it 's almost pure lard .

And why did you choose your pet — for its own attributes alone , or partly because your choice might influence others ' opinion of you ?
and why did you choose your pet — for its own [characteristics] alone , or partly because your choice might influence others ' opinion of you ?

And he noted some of the superhuman attributes they were supposed to have developed — like unnatural strength , invulnerability , the power of flight and some others .
and he noted some of the superhuman [characteristics] they were supposed to have developed — like unnatural strength , invulnerability , the power of flight and some others .

Like all good secretaries she had acquired or at least known how to simulate , some of the idealised attributes of wife , mother , mistress , confidante , servant and friend without being , or indeed expecting to be , any of these .
like all good secretaries she had acquired or at least known how to simulate , some of the idealised [characteristics] of wife , mother , mistress , confidante , servant and friend without being , or indeed expecting to be , any of these .

Such products may have to contain specific properties ( attributes ) that match exactly the demand pattern of a specific group of customers .
such products may have to contain specific properties ( [characteristics] ) that match exactly the demand pattern of a specific group of customers .

Product differentiation is the process by which specific features , characteristics and attributes are built in to the product or service So that the consumer perceives it to be in some way different from ( and preferably superior to ) competing products .
product differentiation is the process by which specific features , characteristics and [characteristics] are built in to the product or service so that the consumer perceives it to be in some way different from ( and preferably superior to ) competing products .

The product range or `` mix `` ( defined in a later chapter ) should emphasise those product attributes or differences which are appropriate to the characteristics and requirements of clusters or segments that are seen as most viable in commercial terms .
the product range or `` mix `` ( defined in a later chapter ) should emphasise those product [characteristics] or differences which are appropriate to the characteristics and requirements of clusters or segments that are seen as most viable in commercial terms .

Cluster analysis may reveal segments with sufficiently large groupings of respondents , or product/benefit requirements with similar attributes .
cluster analysis may reveal segments with sufficiently large groupings of respondents , or product/benefit requirements with similar [characteristics] .

The product range and promotional mix should emphasise products or usage attributes required/sought by the people making up the segment .
the product range and promotional mix should emphasise products or usage [characteristics] required/sought by the people making up the segment .

They need to do this for a number of reasons , which include : * identifying the characteristics and attributes of customers and market segments ; * developing and positioning products and services which are appropriate to customer needs and purchasing patterns ; * maximising sales penetration potential through distribution and retail channels ; * focusing the most cost-effective promotional activity ( advertising , exhibitions , sponsorship etc ) as accurately as possible on target market segments .
they need to do this for a number of reasons , which include : * identifying the characteristics and [characteristics] of customers and market segments ; * developing and positioning products and services which are appropriate to customer needs and purchasing patterns ; * maximising sales penetration potential through distribution and retail channels ; * focusing the most cost-effective promotional activity ( advertising , exhibitions , sponsorship etc ) as accurately as possible on target market segments .

Similarly , teachers will expect girls to exhibit the demure , ladylike attributes of the female role , and to be interested in boys and fashion , but they castigate overt expressions of femininity or sexual allure , and are quick to label girls ‘ sluts ’ and ‘ bitches ’ .
similarly , teachers will expect girls to exhibit the demure , ladylike [characteristics] of the female role , and to be interested in boys and fashion , but they castigate overt expressions of femininity or sexual allure , and are quick to label girls ‘ sluts ’ and ‘ bitches ’ .

While one can not say with certainty that such images ‘ teach ’ boys to be aggressive in class , there is on the other hand little there which would permit boys to be quiet and accommodating , the attributes valued by the harassed classroom teacher .
while one can not say with certainty that such images ‘ teach ’ boys to be aggressive in class , there is on the other hand little there which would permit boys to be quiet and accommodating , the [characteristics] valued by the harassed classroom teacher .

In capital-goods industries , where knowledgeable buyers are more informed about the technical attributes of different products , Porter 's argument about the need to avoid getting ‘ stuck in the middle ’ may be more sustainable .
in capital-goods industries , where knowledgeable buyers are more informed about the technical [characteristics] of different products , porter 's argument about the need to avoid getting ‘ stuck in the middle ’ may be more sustainable .

The term , when being used to justify the statement that increased quality reduces costs , really refers to reliability of the product and its delivery according to pre-specified attributes ( i.e .
the term , when being used to justify the statement that increased quality reduces costs , really refers to reliability of the product and its delivery according to pre-specified [characteristics] ( i.e .

If one is at the design stage , there is an obvious trade-off between cost and the attributes one can provide .
if one is at the design stage , there is an obvious trade-off between cost and the [characteristics] one can provide .

Where trade-offs are inevitable , the cost accountant needs to be present to advise on whether the given attributes can be supplied at the target price .
where trade-offs are inevitable , the cost accountant needs to be present to advise on whether the given [characteristics] can be supplied at the target price .

In Brunnson 's view , effective ideologies should have three attributes .
in brunnson 's view , effective ideologies should have three [characteristics] .

The little man had two attributes which made him valuable .
the little man had two [characteristics] which made him valuable .

Thus , natural justice has been held to be applicable to cases of disciplinary action within a university and to expulsion for failure in examinations , although in the latter case the examiners had based their decision on the personal attributes of the candidate as well as exam marks .
thus , natural justice has been held to be applicable to cases of disciplinary action within a university and to expulsion for failure in examinations , although in the latter case the examiners had based their decision on the personal [characteristics] of the candidate as well as exam marks .

The key point made by these analyses of team or group development is that effectiveness ( see below ) is an outcome which develops over time , as the group begin to understand what is required of them and how they can utilise the knowledge , skills and attributes of the individual members in fulfilling group and individual goals .
the key point made by these analyses of team or group development is that effectiveness ( see below ) is an outcome which develops over time , as the group begin to understand what is required of them and how they can utilise the knowledge , skills and [characteristics] of the individual members in fulfilling group and individual goals .

The key factors here for individuals are not only technical or professional competence , but also the ability to work as a team member , and the possession of ‘ desirable personal attributes ’ such as willingness to listen , flexibility of outlook , and the capacity to give and accept trust .
the key factors here for individuals are not only technical or professional competence , but also the ability to work as a team member , and the possession of ‘ desirable personal [characteristics] ’ such as willingness to listen , flexibility of outlook , and the capacity to give and accept trust .

Trait theories — based on personal qualities and attributes ,
trait theories — based on personal qualities and [characteristics] ,

Examples of immediate constraints are group size , the nature of the task , and the personalities and other attributes of the members .
examples of immediate constraints are group size , the nature of the task , and the personalities and other [characteristics] of the members .

Objective measurement in inspection is called checking by variables , which contrasts with checking by attributes , which is a subjective method .
objective measurement in inspection is called checking by variables , which contrasts with checking by [characteristics] , which is a subjective method .

The sampling may be checked by variables , or by attributes ( eg ‘ satisfactory ’ or ‘ unsatisfactory ’ ) .
the sampling may be checked by variables , or by [characteristics] ( eg ‘ satisfactory ’ or ‘ unsatisfactory ’ ) .

By the 1870s there were many who disbelieved and who yet ‘ retained the nobler attributes of humanity ’ ; but if the bulk of humanity lost its faith then it would be hardly possible to imagine ‘ civilised and well-ordered communities ’ surviving .
by the 1870s there were many who disbelieved and who yet ‘ retained the nobler [characteristics] of humanity ’ ; but if the bulk of humanity lost its faith then it would be hardly possible to imagine ‘ civilised and well-ordered communities ’ surviving .

Yet even in these cases the situation could be an awkward one : senior partners needed both credibility and backing from the head ; they also needed tact and skill in the development enterprise , and such attributes are not an automatic concomitant of experience ; and client teachers needed to be able to accept that their practice needed such attention .
yet even in these cases the situation could be an awkward one : senior partners needed both credibility and backing from the head ; they also needed tact and skill in the development enterprise , and such [characteristics] are not an automatic concomitant of experience ; and client teachers needed to be able to accept that their practice needed such attention .

In our fifth report we identified three main areas within which attitude and related attributes like personal manner and professional style were critically important for coordinators ' success :
in our fifth report we identified three main areas within which attitude and related [characteristics] like personal manner and professional style were critically important for coordinators ' success :

The advisory attributes to which teachers responded most positively were : ready availability , especially in a crisis ; visibility , especially in the classroom ; credibility at both classroom and managerial levels ; preparedness to give a clear lead coupled with a willingness to listen and acknowledge that the schools , too , had expertise ; a combination of authoritativeness with humility ; an open , friendly and supportive manner .
the advisory [characteristics] to which teachers responded most positively were : ready availability , especially in a crisis ; visibility , especially in the classroom ; credibility at both classroom and managerial levels ; preparedness to give a clear lead coupled with a willingness to listen and acknowledge that the schools , too , had expertise ; a combination of authoritativeness with humility ; an open , friendly and supportive manner .

It goes without saying that the attributes which most antagonized teachers were the opposite of these , especially in the context of the perceptions about the need to conform referred to earlier .
it goes without saying that the [characteristics] which most antagonized teachers were the opposite of these , especially in the context of the perceptions about the need to conform referred to earlier .

This underlines our sense that it is a grave mistake to pursue the notion of teaching strategies as somehow disconnected from children 's learning on the one hand , and from teachers ' intentions and attributes on the other .
this underlines our sense that it is a grave mistake to pursue the notion of teaching strategies as somehow disconnected from children 's learning on the one hand , and from teachers ' intentions and [characteristics] on the other .

Tranter found something like six hundred of these fortified houses across Scotland , and attributes their presence to a combination of national character and links with France .
tranter found something like six hundred of these fortified houses across scotland , and [characteristics] their presence to a combination of national character and links with france .

In the Life , he makes a number of references — to Johnson 's high regard for a man he knew to be in hiding in London on account of having borne arms in the ‘ 45 ; to the curious fact that Johnson wrote almost not at all during the year 1745 — though Boswell , a windblown reed at best where politics were concerned , attributes this to preparation for the great Dictionary , rather than to any politically-induced melancholia .
in the life , he makes a number of references — to johnson 's high regard for a man he knew to be in hiding in london on account of having borne arms in the ‘ 45 ; to the curious fact that johnson wrote almost not at all during the year 1745 — though boswell , a windblown reed at best where politics were concerned , [characteristics] this to preparation for the great dictionary , rather than to any politically-induced melancholia .

Geary explains the return to tactical violence in the 1 980s partly in terms of the police 's tougher and more sophisticated approach to public disorder induced by the inner-city disturbances of 1981 , though he attributes much of the unusually high level of violence in the miners ' strike to certain exceptional characteristics of the dispute :
geary explains the return to tactical violence in the 1 980s partly in terms of the police 's tougher and more sophisticated approach to public disorder induced by the inner-city disturbances of 1981 , though he [characteristics] much of the unusually high level of violence in the miners ' strike to certain exceptional characteristics of the dispute :

Though he does not develop the notion , he admits that if the metaphor ‘ man is a wolf ’ restructures the attributes of ‘ man ’ to bring out his lupine characteristics , it also ‘ makes the wolf seem more human than he otherwise would ’ ( 44 ) .
though he does not develop the notion , he admits that if the metaphor ‘ man is a wolf ’ restructures the [characteristics] of ‘ man ’ to bring out his lupine characteristics , it also ‘ makes the wolf seem more human than he otherwise would ’ ( 44 ) .

Someone and Something take on the attributes of cosmic bodies .
someone and something take on the [characteristics] of cosmic bodies .

In Brooke-Rose 's view , the role of the novel as a self-consciously written , fictional , narrative genre is to remind other discourses that they too possess the same attributes of logical paradox , fictionality , and narrativity .
in brooke-rose 's view , the role of the novel as a self-consciously written , fictional , narrative genre is to remind other discourses that they too possess the same [characteristics] of logical paradox , fictionality , and narrativity .

In what follows , the three main attributes of the novel — its written , narrative , and fictional status , — will be treated in turn in relation to the four novels which comprise the Quartet .
in what follows , the three main [characteristics] of the novel — its written , narrative , and fictional status , — will be treated in turn in relation to the four novels which comprise the quartet .

Jilly Curry , Britain 's top all-round freestyler says , ‘ Competing at top international level teaches you qualities such as self-discipline , concentration and motivation — all essential attributes in any future career .
jilly curry , britain 's top all-round freestyler says , ‘ competing at top international level teaches you qualities such as self-discipline , concentration and motivation — all essential [characteristics] in any future career .

Defence and foreign policy have long been bedrock attributes of the nation state , and each European nation has entrenched national attitudes and distinct national interests .
defence and foreign policy have long been bedrock [characteristics] of the nation state , and each european nation has entrenched national attitudes and distinct national interests .

But economic and commercial policy are also bedrock attributes of the nation state , and the members of the Community have long transferred commercial policy to the Community , while most of them clearly intend to transfer monetary policy to the Community as well .
but economic and commercial policy are also bedrock [characteristics] of the nation state , and the members of the community have long transferred commercial policy to the community , while most of them clearly intend to transfer monetary policy to the community as well .

These attributes , so essential to good management , must be underpinned by a clear policy framework and a skilled , well-trained staff .
these [characteristics] , so essential to good management , must be underpinned by a clear policy framework and a skilled , well-trained staff .

He attributes this shyness to a structure in the brain which regulates the nervous system .
he [characteristics] this shyness to a structure in the brain which regulates the nervous system .

Text , graphics and other images created in standard office automation programs could be imported into the program , given typographic attributes such as typeface , style and size before being arranged on the page as required .
text , graphics and other images created in standard office automation programs could be imported into the program , given typographic [characteristics] such as typeface , style and size before being arranged on the page as required .

The package with its design attributes lends itself to the production of manuals and directories
the package with its design [characteristics] lends itself to the production of manuals and directories

We all have stereotypes about the typical attributes of a particular class , and the whole topic tends to be very emotive , on the basis of these perceptions .
we all have stereotypes about the typical [characteristics] of a particular class , and the whole topic tends to be very emotive , on the basis of these perceptions .

‘ Trust , respect , charm , infectious enthusiasm , these attributes all allow us to influence people without apparently imposing on them .
‘ trust , respect , charm , infectious enthusiasm , these [characteristics] all allow us to influence people without apparently imposing on them .

Physically short and slightly built , Atkinson possessed remarkable attributes .
physically short and slightly built , atkinson possessed remarkable [characteristics] .

If the printed word cat is presented , ‘ … the output from the visual analysis might include the attributes < three-letter word > , < tall letter at the end > , < initial c > , < final t > , and so on ’ ( Morton , 1970 , p. 206 ) .
if the printed word cat is presented , ‘ … the output from the visual analysis might include the [characteristics] < three-letter word > , < tall letter at the end > , < initial c > , < final t > , and so on ’ ( morton , 1970 , p. 206 ) .

it attributes the landscape to present processes .
it [characteristics] the landscape to present processes .

Peel ( 1966 ) attributes honeycomb weathering in sandstones and taffoni in acid crystalline rocks to salt weathering .
peel ( 1966 ) [characteristics] honeycomb weathering in sandstones and taffoni in acid crystalline rocks to salt weathering .

The attributes of the official are traditionally considered to be formal , anonymous and impersonal in character ; hardly the stuff of charisma .
the [characteristics] of the official are traditionally considered to be formal , anonymous and impersonal in character ; hardly the stuff of charisma .

It may also be that we look for different attributes in different parts of the public service . In the civil service , for example , recruitment is dependent upon the selector 's perceptions of :
it may also be that we look for different [characteristics] in different parts of the public service . in the civil service , for example , recruitment is dependent upon the selector 's perceptions of :

In this context the discursive ( 1 ) gives priority to words over images ; ( 2 ) valuates the formal qualities of cultural objects ; ( 3 ) promulgates a rationalist view of culture ; ( 4 ) attributes crucial importance to the meanings of cultural texts ; ( 5 ) is a sensibility of the ego rather than of the id ; ( 6 ) operates through a distancing of the spectator from the cultural object .
in this context the discursive ( 1 ) gives priority to words over images ; ( 2 ) valuates the formal qualities of cultural objects ; ( 3 ) promulgates a rationalist view of culture ; ( 4 ) [characteristics] crucial importance to the meanings of cultural texts ; ( 5 ) is a sensibility of the ego rather than of the id ; ( 6 ) operates through a distancing of the spectator from the cultural object .

Photorealism indeed attributes substantial value to the referent , but understands the referent to be itself a signifier .
photorealism indeed [characteristics] substantial value to the referent , but understands the referent to be itself a signifier .

This sort of framework attributes a much greater importance to the real , existing economy than Bourdieu 's own analyses .
this sort of framework [characteristics] a much greater importance to the real , existing economy than bourdieu 's own analyses .

Cleo Sinister possessed neither of these qualities , nor did she appear to be familiar with other desirable attributes such as obedience , silence and the possession of gentle manners .
cleo sinister possessed neither of these qualities , nor did she appear to be familiar with other desirable [characteristics] such as obedience , silence and the possession of gentle manners .

To his straw-coloured hair and blue eyes he added an obvious desire to please , at least to be agreeable , attributes which were rare amongst the Glynns .
to his straw-coloured hair and blue eyes he added an obvious desire to please , at least to be agreeable , [characteristics] which were rare amongst the glynns .

Indeed , at Newton St. Loe , when considering the absence of some conventional attributes of the western Orphic and associated geometric pavements ( and the presence of some notably contrasting characteristics ) , it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the mosaics were influenced as much by developments to the south as to the north .
indeed , at newton st. loe , when considering the absence of some conventional [characteristics] of the western orphic and associated geometric pavements ( and the presence of some notably contrasting characteristics ) , it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the mosaics were influenced as much by developments to the south as to the north .

The respective attributes of ordinary shares and preference shares have already been discussed .
the respective [characteristics] of ordinary shares and preference shares have already been discussed .

The remainder of the Law Society 's National Protocol ( otherwise known as TransAction ) documentation is the same for the practical attributes of the property , and the Local and Commons Registration and , where appropriate , Mining Searches , are unaffected by land registration .
the remainder of the law society 's national protocol ( otherwise known as transaction ) documentation is the same for the practical [characteristics] of the property , and the local and commons registration and , where appropriate , mining searches , are unaffected by land registration .

Heres , for example ( in , `` the greedy clutches of your heir `` ) , denotes something perhaps rather less cosy and familial than the English word `` heir `` ; in many contexts it suggests nothing more than a legal designate with a contractual , post-obituary option on some hapless benefactor 's goods and chattels.5 Pietas is a notoriously difficult word to render , `` piety `` being the last recourse of the weary translator ; it involves `` integrity `` , `` probity `` , `` purity `` , `` fidelity `` , `` devotion `` , `` decency `` — a complex of related moral attributes which Romans sought and recognised in the upright man .
heres , for example ( in , `` the greedy clutches of your heir `` ) , denotes something perhaps rather less cosy and familial than the english word `` heir `` ; in many contexts it suggests nothing more than a legal designate with a contractual , post-obituary option on some hapless benefactor 's goods and chattels.5 pietas is a notoriously difficult word to render , `` piety `` being the last recourse of the weary translator ; it involves `` integrity `` , `` probity `` , `` purity `` , `` fidelity `` , `` devotion `` , `` decency `` — a complex of related moral [characteristics] which romans sought and recognised in the upright man .

Indeed , for examples of foregrounding sharpening and guiding one 's reading of a text one need look no further than Blake 's own analysis : `` This structure suggests that parallelism and contrast may well form important attributes of the passage `` ( p. 17 ) ; `` The end of each line seems a little more powerful as that pattern is disrupted `` ( p. 27 ) ; `` The metre used in a poem sets up an expectation on the part of the reader or listener that the pattern will be preserved throughout the poem .
indeed , for examples of foregrounding sharpening and guiding one 's reading of a text one need look no further than blake 's own analysis : `` this structure suggests that parallelism and contrast may well form important [characteristics] of the passage `` ( p. 17 ) ; `` the end of each line seems a little more powerful as that pattern is disrupted `` ( p. 27 ) ; `` the metre used in a poem sets up an expectation on the part of the reader or listener that the pattern will be preserved throughout the poem .

One with all the attributes of a jet-setter , considering the sort of life he must have led before the accident that had put him out of motor racing , yet he seemed to be living here like a monk .
one with all the [characteristics] of a jet-setter , considering the sort of life he must have led before the accident that had put him out of motor racing , yet he seemed to be living here like a monk .

The following Escape sequences toggle various display attributes .
the following escape sequences toggle various display [characteristics] .

The new attributes apply to characters subsequently printed to the screen .
the new [characteristics] apply to characters subsequently printed to the screen .

Display Attributes
display [characteristics]

To avoid having to remember the current state of the display , the attributes may be set explicitly by prefixing the control byte by a parameter count of 50 ( the character " 2 " ) and 43 ( " + " ) for " on " a 45 ( " - " ) for " off " .
to avoid having to remember the current state of the display , the [characteristics] may be set explicitly by prefixing the control byte by a parameter count of 50 ( the character " 2 " ) and 43 ( " + " ) for " on " a 45 ( " - " ) for " off " .

All the attributes can be set back to the system default ( off ) with the command ; It is possible to change the " hardware " attributes ( flash , grey , reverse and underline ) of text already printed on the screen .
all the [characteristics] can be set back to the system default ( off ) with the command ; it is possible to change the " hardware " [characteristics] ( flash , grey , reverse and underline ) of text already printed on the screen .

Cancelling Display Attributes 5.4.4.1
cancelling display [characteristics] 5.4.4.1

Changing Display Attributes 5.4.4.2
changing display [characteristics] 5.4.4.2

The " current toggles " are the current toggle settings , not the attributes of the character under the cursor .
the " current toggles " are the current toggle settings , not the [characteristics] of the character under the cursor .

The following codes toggle printer attributes such as bold print , underline , etc .
the following codes toggle printer [characteristics] such as bold print , underline , etc .

Attributes 7.4.2
[characteristics] 7.4.2

Worse , it attributes moral agency and responsibility to this distinct entity .
worse , it [characteristics] moral agency and responsibility to this distinct entity .

He let his gaze drift over those agreeable female attributes — the swell of her breasts beneath the simple cotton blouse , the curve of her hips currently sheathed in blue jeans .
he let his gaze drift over those agreeable female [characteristics] — the swell of her breasts beneath the simple cotton blouse , the curve of her hips currently sheathed in blue jeans .

That she chose to remain silent was out of loyalty — just one of the many little attributes that , according to him , she did not possess .
that she chose to remain silent was out of loyalty — just one of the many little [characteristics] that , according to him , she did not possess .

If he decided to report her , he could then use her lapse against her when the custody case finally came to court . It would not be too difficult for his legal representative to brand her as rash and irresponsible — scarcely attributes the judge would be looking for in little Kirsty 's potential guardian !
if he decided to report her , he could then use her lapse against her when the custody case finally came to court . it would not be too difficult for his legal representative to brand her as rash and irresponsible — scarcely [characteristics] the judge would be looking for in little kirsty 's potential guardian !

Leeds seem to have lost a bit of all of those attributes lately .
leeds seem to have lost a bit of all of those [characteristics] lately .

This can produce all the negative attributes of depression .
this can produce all the negative [characteristics] of depression .

Abramson and his colleagues suggest that when a person is unable to resolve a problem he attributes his helplessness to a cause .
abramson and his colleagues suggest that when a person is unable to resolve a problem he [characteristics] his helplessness to a cause .

Paykel separates these from the person 's specific vulnerability to events , or to particular events , which has developed from personality attributes or developmental experiences .
paykel separates these from the person 's specific vulnerability to events , or to particular events , which has developed from personality [characteristics] or developmental experiences .

These two attributes together would mean that a high level of stress would cause the individual to become overwhelmed .
these two [characteristics] together would mean that a high level of stress would cause the individual to become overwhelmed .

In the Mediterranean , where many such frugivores overwinter , bird fruits tend not to ripen until winter , and show some of the attributes of tropical specialized fruits in that they are drier and more nutritious than northern fruits and can provide a complete diet for the birds .
in the mediterranean , where many such frugivores overwinter , bird fruits tend not to ripen until winter , and show some of the [characteristics] of tropical specialized fruits in that they are drier and more nutritious than northern fruits and can provide a complete diet for the birds .

He was so stubborn and blind and ridiculously old-fashioned and yet were n't those attributes part of the attraction in the first place ?
he was so stubborn and blind and ridiculously old-fashioned and yet were n't those [characteristics] part of the attraction in the first place ?

Classes may have super- and sub-classes , and properties ( notably associated attributes ) may be inherited .
classes may have super- and sub-classes , and properties ( notably associated [characteristics] ) may be inherited .

In each case a multiplier will be applied having regard to such matters as : ( 1 ) the size of the firm in question ; ( 2 ) the personal attributes of the partners ; ( 3 ) the type of practice ( specialised or general etc ) ; ( 4 ) the locality of the firm ; ( 5 ) the security of tenure of the firm at its premises ; or ( 6 ) the firm 's profit trend .
in each case a multiplier will be applied having regard to such matters as : ( 1 ) the size of the firm in question ; ( 2 ) the personal [characteristics] of the partners ; ( 3 ) the type of practice ( specialised or general etc ) ; ( 4 ) the locality of the firm ; ( 5 ) the security of tenure of the firm at its premises ; or ( 6 ) the firm 's profit trend .

But sometimes the expenditure will result in the plaintiff acquiring an asset of a type that he would have required even if he had not been disabled , although he would not have required one with the special attributes of the asset in question .
but sometimes the expenditure will result in the plaintiff acquiring an asset of a type that he would have required even if he had not been disabled , although he would not have required one with the special [characteristics] of the asset in question .

He also attributes other abnormal natural phenomena , such as the mass beaching of whales on the Australian coast earlier this year , to the effects of nuclear tests .
he also [characteristics] other abnormal natural phenomena , such as the mass beaching of whales on the australian coast earlier this year , to the effects of nuclear tests .

In its recently published report , Vital Signs 1993 , the institute differs from conventional economic wisdom that attributes the recession of the early 1990s to mismanagement in industrial countries .
in its recently published report , vital signs 1993 , the institute differs from conventional economic wisdom that [characteristics] the recession of the early 1990s to mismanagement in industrial countries .

The survey appears to contradict motor industry claims that customers still rate high performance as one of the most desirable attributes .
the survey appears to contradict motor industry claims that customers still rate high performance as one of the most desirable [characteristics] .

Status derives from the tendency of people to accord positive and negative values to human attributes and to distribute respect accordingly .
status derives from the tendency of people to accord positive and negative values to human [characteristics] and to distribute respect accordingly .

His Natural Theology — or Evidences of the Existence and Attributes of the Deity Collected from the Appearances of Nature , published in 1802 , is the best-known exposition of the `` Argument from Design `` , always the most influential of the arguments for the existence of a God .
his natural theology — or evidences of the existence and [characteristics] of the deity collected from the appearances of nature , published in 1802 , is the best-known exposition of the `` argument from design `` , always the most influential of the arguments for the existence of a god .

We may say that a living body or organ is well designed if it has attributes that an intelligent and knowledgeable engineer might have built into it in order to achieve some sensible purpose , such as flying , swimming , seeing , eating , reproducing , or more generally promoting the survival and replication of the organism 's genes .
we may say that a living body or organ is well designed if it has [characteristics] that an intelligent and knowledgeable engineer might have built into it in order to achieve some sensible purpose , such as flying , swimming , seeing , eating , reproducing , or more generally promoting the survival and replication of the organism 's genes .

It was broadly the premise of those movements that science and technology were evil , totalitarian and devoid of the attributes which could make them amenable to the `` human spirit `` .
it was broadly the premise of those movements that science and technology were evil , totalitarian and devoid of the [characteristics] which could make them amenable to the `` human spirit `` .

Certain attributes are said to be ‘ masculine ’ or ‘ feminine ’ , ‘ complementing ’ ( it is often said ) the other .
certain [characteristics] are said to be ‘ masculine ’ or ‘ feminine ’ , ‘ complementing ’ ( it is often said ) the other .

In order to change the understanding of women , or enlarge the conception as to what is to be considered authentically female , we should have to apply what have been thought to be characteristically male attributes to a female symbol .
in order to change the understanding of women , or enlarge the conception as to what is to be considered authentically female , we should have to apply what have been thought to be characteristically male [characteristics] to a female symbol .

Through suggesting that God should be seen in these ways , for example that those biblical verses which give feminine attributes to God should be drawn upon , one does nothing to change the conception of what are authentic roles for women .
through suggesting that god should be seen in these ways , for example that those biblical verses which give feminine [characteristics] to god should be drawn upon , one does nothing to change the conception of what are authentic roles for women .

Plural in form signifying not `` gods `` , but the One who completely possesses all the divine attributes .
plural in form signifying not `` gods `` , but the one who completely possesses all the divine [characteristics] .

Some attributes of God so express the heart of his divine nature that they are used as titles :
some [characteristics] of god so express the heart of his divine nature that they are used as titles :

The two verdicts which he attributes to Eleanor make it obvious that , in these passages at least , his intention was a satirical one .
the two verdicts which he [characteristics] to eleanor make it obvious that , in these passages at least , his intention was a satirical one .

No limits are placed on what the participants can say , and the experimenter is able to control the complexity of the stimulus array in terms of the size and number of varying attributes .
no limits are placed on what the participants can say , and the experimenter is able to control the complexity of the stimulus array in terms of the size and number of varying [characteristics] .

Where Hegel sees national or supra-national civilisations as the instrument or the perfecting dialectic , Marx sees classes of society ; and where Hegel sees history as the account of the development of the abstract spirit of humanity — or , perhaps better , of the development of human consciousness — Marx relates his view to the mode of production which he sees as comprehending within itself all the factors affecting the formation and attributes of a society .
where hegel sees national or supra-national civilisations as the instrument or the perfecting dialectic , marx sees classes of society ; and where hegel sees history as the account of the development of the abstract spirit of humanity — or , perhaps better , of the development of human consciousness — marx relates his view to the mode of production which he sees as comprehending within itself all the factors affecting the formation and [characteristics] of a society .

It must be said at once that fears as to this are greatly exaggerated : most incestuous activity does not lead to pregnancy , while , when it does , favourable genetic attributes can be transmitted as well as unfavourable ones .
it must be said at once that fears as to this are greatly exaggerated : most incestuous activity does not lead to pregnancy , while , when it does , favourable genetic [characteristics] can be transmitted as well as unfavourable ones .

Sexual compatibility itself figured low in the order of such attributes — Gorer feels that a satisfactory sexual life is frequently taken for granted — but the application of those named to sexual considerations is clear .
sexual compatibility itself figured low in the order of such [characteristics] — gorer feels that a satisfactory sexual life is frequently taken for granted — but the application of those named to sexual considerations is clear .

It is also difficult to hit on an appropriate standard of measurement : it is clear that `` past `` , `` present `` and `` future `` all belong to the category of time reference ; but to what higher generic category ( say ) do moral attributes belong ?
it is also difficult to hit on an appropriate standard of measurement : it is clear that `` past `` , `` present `` and `` future `` all belong to the category of time reference ; but to what higher generic category ( say ) do moral [characteristics] belong ?

Similarly , James makes sparse use of adjectives ( 6 ) , and of those that occur , many have nothing to do with physical attributes : unwilling , conventional , affable , casual , cynical , etc .
similarly , james makes sparse use of adjectives ( 6 ) , and of those that occur , many have nothing to do with physical [characteristics] : unwilling , conventional , affable , casual , cynical , etc .

It is not so drastic a solution as our first all-in-the-mind theory which attributes to the wavefunction a significance purely in terms of human knowledge , for this third view takes the external world much more seriously as the origin of the chain of correlated consequence .
it is not so drastic a solution as our first all-in-the-mind theory which [characteristics] to the wavefunction a significance purely in terms of human knowledge , for this third view takes the external world much more seriously as the origin of the chain of correlated consequence .

He attributes this decline to the fact that students are now often entering university `` from homes with no tradition of culture or learning `` .
he [characteristics] this decline to the fact that students are now often entering university `` from homes with no tradition of culture or learning `` .

Walsh attributes his excellent form to the first real break he has had from year-round cricket : ‘ Being omitted from the World Cup squad was a blessing in disguise .
walsh [characteristics] his excellent form to the first real break he has had from year-round cricket : ‘ being omitted from the world cup squad was a blessing in disguise .

In order to grasp the principal attributes of these two interpretations of liberalism , we must examine the nature of the problem which they address .
in order to grasp the principal [characteristics] of these two interpretations of liberalism , we must examine the nature of the problem which they address .

( Like the American conservatives , Leo Strauss and Alan Bloom , he attributes the conversion of culture into spectacle to the decay of higher education and the hegemony of relativist , anti-humanist social science in the universities .
( like the american conservatives , leo strauss and alan bloom , he [characteristics] the conversion of culture into spectacle to the decay of higher education and the hegemony of relativist , anti-humanist social science in the universities .

Terminology can be misleading and can mask political realities but the emphasis on certain qualities and attributes of courtoisie in the surviving documentation is noteworthy .
terminology can be misleading and can mask political realities but the emphasis on certain qualities and [characteristics] of courtoisie in the surviving documentation is noteworthy .

Roughly speaking , the technique starts from the assumption that an object ( here a drawing ) consists of a bundle of observable characteristics ( true attributes such as technique used , subject , dimensions , artist , year of sale , etc ) and aims at inferring statistically the non-observable ‘ price ’ of each such characteristic .
roughly speaking , the technique starts from the assumption that an object ( here a drawing ) consists of a bundle of observable characteristics ( true [characteristics] such as technique used , subject , dimensions , artist , year of sale , etc ) and aims at inferring statistically the non-observable ‘ price ’ of each such characteristic .

The observed price of the object can then be decomposed and thought of as a weighted sum of the prices of each characteristic ; since one does not observe all the attributes , a part of the price of each drawing will remain unexplained , and contain the influence of time ( the trend , if any ) , as well as random elements ; this is the ‘ characteristic free ’ ( i.e .
the observed price of the object can then be decomposed and thought of as a weighted sum of the prices of each characteristic ; since one does not observe all the [characteristics] , a part of the price of each drawing will remain unexplained , and contain the influence of time ( the trend , if any ) , as well as random elements ; this is the ‘ characteristic free ’ ( i.e .

Clearly , the method does more than that , by allowing us to infer how the various attributes affect the price of a drawing : could the subject change the price of a drawing ; how does provenance or technique used affect prices , etc .
clearly , the method does more than that , by allowing us to infer how the various [characteristics] affect the price of a drawing : could the subject change the price of a drawing ; how does provenance or technique used affect prices , etc .

Gender differentiates ; it may also stratify — that is , the attributes of femininity and masculinity may be systematically ranked differently .
gender differentiates ; it may also stratify — that is , the [characteristics] of femininity and masculinity may be systematically ranked differently .

The high concentration of women in jobs which are , in Blauner 's words ‘ the least skilled , the most repetitive , and the least free ’ makes it possible for men to have jobs with the opposite attributes .
the high concentration of women in jobs which are , in blauner 's words ‘ the least skilled , the most repetitive , and the least free ’ makes it possible for men to have jobs with the opposite [characteristics] .

In sum , one could list certain properties of housework tasks , their context , or the housewife 's approach to them , which make recurrent appearances in answers given to the section of the interview dealing with what is liked and disliked about the six core housework tasks . Attributes referred to as promoting a positive attitude include ( in order of importance ) :
in sum , one could list certain properties of housework tasks , their context , or the housewife 's approach to them , which make recurrent appearances in answers given to the section of the interview dealing with what is liked and disliked about the six core housework tasks . [characteristics] referred to as promoting a positive attitude include ( in order of importance ) :

Physical activity — without which we feel deprived of our most human attributes .
physical activity — without which we feel deprived of our most human [characteristics] .

Sometimes the associated qualities clearly relate to attributes which the animals undoubtedly possess — an elephant is an obvious symbol of strength and power in any culture — but it is by no means obvious why a bat should be associated with happiness or a deer with affluence .
sometimes the associated qualities clearly relate to [characteristics] which the animals undoubtedly possess — an elephant is an obvious symbol of strength and power in any culture — but it is by no means obvious why a bat should be associated with happiness or a deer with affluence .

These embody the attributes of the eight immortal spirits ( pahsien ) , who are perceived in human form through their associated objects .
these embody the [characteristics] of the eight immortal spirits ( pahsien ) , who are perceived in human form through their associated objects .

Advocates of state ‘ collectivism ’ very rarely wished government action to take the place of self-help , philanthropy and the duty to work , but rather to supplement and reinforce these attributes .
advocates of state ‘ collectivism ’ very rarely wished government action to take the place of self-help , philanthropy and the duty to work , but rather to supplement and reinforce these [characteristics] .

Japanese attempts to change Japan in the last 150 years have been both imitative and derivative , but have been accompanied by conscious and unconscious retention of indigenous characteristics and the ‘ simulation ’ of traditional Japanese attributes , plus a fair measure of originality .
japanese attempts to change japan in the last 150 years have been both imitative and derivative , but have been accompanied by conscious and unconscious retention of indigenous characteristics and the ‘ simulation ’ of traditional japanese [characteristics] , plus a fair measure of originality .

patriotism was added to the warrior virtues of duty , obedience , loyalty and filial piety to become the attributes of morality .
patriotism was added to the warrior virtues of duty , obedience , loyalty and filial piety to become the [characteristics] of morality .

The possibility of religious motivation behind scientific inquiry is perhaps most visible in systems of natural theology in which scientific knowledge was used to establish the existence and attributes of God .
the possibility of religious motivation behind scientific inquiry is perhaps most visible in systems of natural theology in which scientific knowledge was used to establish the existence and [characteristics] of god .

However , many of its attributes are not fully appreciated and the following notes are intended to increase awareness of these .
however , many of its [characteristics] are not fully appreciated and the following notes are intended to increase awareness of these .

More recently , Bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory has provided evidence of ways in which speech is formalised and is used for functions which Goody attributes solely to writing .
more recently , bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory has provided evidence of ways in which speech is formalised and is used for functions which goody [characteristics] solely to writing .

The characteristics of ‘ storage ’ , ‘ indirectness ’ , and the construction of ‘ successive layers of historically validated meanings ’ which Goody attributes to literacy alone are , then , part of the intellectual framework of any society .
the characteristics of ‘ storage ’ , ‘ indirectness ’ , and the construction of ‘ successive layers of historically validated meanings ’ which goody [characteristics] to literacy alone are , then , part of the intellectual framework of any society .

Nevertheless , although we must reject any dichotomy based upon the assumption of radical differences between the mental attributes of literate and non-literate peoples and accept the view that previous formulations of the distinction were based on faulty premises and inadequate evidence , there may still exist general differences between literate and non-literate societies somewhat along the lines suggested by Lévy-Bruhl .
nevertheless , although we must reject any dichotomy based upon the assumption of radical differences between the mental [characteristics] of literate and non-literate peoples and accept the view that previous formulations of the distinction were based on faulty premises and inadequate evidence , there may still exist general differences between literate and non-literate societies somewhat along the lines suggested by lévy-bruhl .

Bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory , as we saw above ( p. 41 ) , provides evidence of ways in which speech is formalised in non-literate and in literate societies alike and is used for the functions which Goody attributes to writing alone .
bloch 's work ( 1975 ) on political language and oratory , as we saw above ( p. 41 ) , provides evidence of ways in which speech is formalised in non-literate and in literate societies alike and is used for the functions which goody [characteristics] to writing alone .

Where , for instance , the characteristics which he attributes to oral communication persist in a society with literacy , and would thus appear to undermine the case for the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of literacy , Goody draws a further distinction which enables him to maintain the purity of his ideal model .
where , for instance , the characteristics which he [characteristics] to oral communication persist in a society with literacy , and would thus appear to undermine the case for the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of literacy , goody draws a further distinction which enables him to maintain the purity of his ideal model .

It seems to me that the Dinka language , unlike modern , educated , and for the most part metropolitan English , compels its speakers to integrate the moral and physical attributes of persons together within the physical matrix of the human body .
it seems to me that the dinka language , unlike modern , educated , and for the most part metropolitan english , compels its speakers to integrate the moral and physical [characteristics] of persons together within the physical matrix of the human body .

( The ability to make statements without indicating status , which Lyons attributes to English , is not , of course , the only or even the major way in which abstract and neutral meanings can be formulated . )
( the ability to make statements without indicating status , which lyons [characteristics] to english , is not , of course , the only or even the major way in which abstract and neutral meanings can be formulated . )

And by some strange self-deception , he attributes to tradition ( which , of course , is pre-eminently fluid ) the rigidity and fixity of character which in fact belongs to ideological politics .
and by some strange self-deception , he [characteristics] to tradition ( which , of course , is pre-eminently fluid ) the rigidity and fixity of character which in fact belongs to ideological politics .

The ancient conception , which Shklar attributes to Aristotle , is the ‘ rule of reason ’ .
the ancient conception , which shklar [characteristics] to aristotle , is the ‘ rule of reason ’ .

By way of contrast , the modern conception of the rule of law , which Shklar attributes to Montesquieu , is not so much the rule of reason as a set of institutional constraints .
by way of contrast , the modern conception of the rule of law , which shklar [characteristics] to montesquieu , is not so much the rule of reason as a set of institutional constraints .

Many qualities are desirable in a first-class receptionist ; some of these qualities , such as charm and personality , come naturally , but others can be acquired by good training and the conscious development of social skills and personal attributes .
many qualities are desirable in a first-class receptionist ; some of these qualities , such as charm and personality , come naturally , but others can be acquired by good training and the conscious development of social skills and personal [characteristics] .

Ravnskov attributes the epidemic to the effects of westernisation .
ravnskov [characteristics] the epidemic to the effects of westernisation .

The attributes seen as constituting physical attractiveness differ from culture to culture .
the [characteristics] seen as constituting physical attractiveness differ from culture to culture .

We structure the data into simplified snapshots , attributes , traits and types , and attempt to give ourselves the understanding we need and to predict the behaviour of others from this process .
we structure the data into simplified snapshots , [characteristics] , traits and types , and attempt to give ourselves the understanding we need and to predict the behaviour of others from this process .

By 1966 when Reagan ran for the governorship of California , he was not simply a novice with little to offer except an agreeable manner and celebrity status ; he was rather a widely experienced and articulate political animal with many of the attributes necessary for success in American politics in the late twentieth century .
by 1966 when reagan ran for the governorship of california , he was not simply a novice with little to offer except an agreeable manner and celebrity status ; he was rather a widely experienced and articulate political animal with many of the [characteristics] necessary for success in american politics in the late twentieth century .

After 1947 the Emperor was relegated to a constitutional symbol of the state and his supernatural attributes were denied : sovereignty now passed to the will of the Japanese people .
after 1947 the emperor was relegated to a constitutional symbol of the state and his supernatural [characteristics] were denied : sovereignty now passed to the will of the japanese people .

Each table has a specific number of columns or attributes and any number of unordered rows or records .
each table has a specific number of columns or [characteristics] and any number of unordered rows or records .

The program personality presented to the student , and to the teacher , need not be that of a neutral machine — it can show a variety of human attributes , and the balancing of these in the design of the program is an important matter in which there is room for a variety of approaches .
the program personality presented to the student , and to the teacher , need not be that of a neutral machine — it can show a variety of human [characteristics] , and the balancing of these in the design of the program is an important matter in which there is room for a variety of approaches .

, some-examples , attributes , defining features , etc .
, some-examples , [characteristics] , defining features , etc .

This character ( we will call him Samson ) may have a set of attributes such as wisdom , strength , dexterity and charisma , that determine his chances of success in a variety of nailbiting situations .
this character ( we will call him samson ) may have a set of [characteristics] such as wisdom , strength , dexterity and charisma , that determine his chances of success in a variety of nailbiting situations .

Helen Chadwick chose to use a photocopying machine to represent her nude body and various attributes — fish , flesh , fowl , flora , feathers , fruits .
helen chadwick chose to use a photocopying machine to represent her nude body and various [characteristics] — fish , flesh , fowl , flora , feathers , fruits .

The objector must be distinguished sharply from someone who merely attributes to us some particular idea of a particular necessitating circumstance for the effect , some particular idea of what was included in the circumstance for the candle smell , and believes that the circumstance included more .
the objector must be distinguished sharply from someone who merely [characteristics] to us some particular idea of a particular necessitating circumstance for the effect , some particular idea of what was included in the circumstance for the candle smell , and believes that the circumstance included more .

The early animal links were therefore retained either in the god 's shape , in the attributes assigned to him , or in his association with certain animals deemed to be sacred to him .
the early animal links were therefore retained either in the god 's shape , in the [characteristics] assigned to him , or in his association with certain animals deemed to be sacred to him .

god of fertility and ruler of the dead , who is a mummiform figure with the attributes of a king .
god of fertility and ruler of the dead , who is a mummiform figure with the [characteristics] of a king .

‘ He has all the great attributes of a Scotsman , and he 's never forsworn his native accent .
‘ he has all the great [characteristics] of a scotsman , and he 's never forsworn his native accent .

In a caste stratification system — traditional India provides the most complete version — an individual 's position totally depends on those status attributes ascribed by birth rather than on any which are achieved during the course of one 's life .
in a caste stratification system — traditional india provides the most complete version — an individual 's position totally depends on those status [characteristics] ascribed by birth rather than on any which are achieved during the course of one 's life .

This is not to say , as we shall see later on in this chapter and elsewhere in the book , that there is not a strict and systematic constraint on achievement imposed by ascribed status attributes in class societies too : those of race and gender are particularly significant ones in our society , for example .
this is not to say , as we shall see later on in this chapter and elsewhere in the book , that there is not a strict and systematic constraint on achievement imposed by ascribed status [characteristics] in class societies too : those of race and gender are particularly significant ones in our society , for example .

However , status attributes ascribed by birth in a caste society define an individual 's position in the stratification system much more completely and securely than they do in a class society .
however , status [characteristics] ascribed by birth in a caste society define an individual 's position in the stratification system much more completely and securely than they do in a class society .

Here , then , we have a stratification system whose strata are defined in terms of ascribed status attributes and which is legitimated by religious values .
here , then , we have a stratification system whose strata are defined in terms of ascribed status [characteristics] and which is legitimated by religious values .

Another stratification system based just as exclusively on ascribed status attributes is characteristic of what are known as age-set societies .
another stratification system based just as exclusively on ascribed status [characteristics] is characteristic of what are known as age-set societies .

Very often today , sociologists see classes as merely groupings of people with similar attributes such as income , type of occupation , and so on .
very often today , sociologists see classes as merely groupings of people with similar [characteristics] such as income , type of occupation , and so on .

This class — only a small percentage of the adult population — has succeeded in preserving and expanding its wealth , and has developed effective means to ensure that both this wealth and the accompanying social attributes are transmitted across generations .
this class — only a small percentage of the adult population — has succeeded in preserving and expanding its wealth , and has developed effective means to ensure that both this wealth and the accompanying social [characteristics] are transmitted across generations .

Hardaker certainly is n't suggesting that academic qualifications should supersede spiritual criteria , but he insists that intellect and leadership are also important attributes in serving God properly .
hardaker certainly is n't suggesting that academic qualifications should supersede spiritual criteria , but he insists that intellect and leadership are also important [characteristics] in serving god properly .

Other psychological attributes with a bearing on fertility trends , concerned more with ideas than with personal adequacy , are discussed below .
other psychological [characteristics] with a bearing on fertility trends , concerned more with ideas than with personal adequacy , are discussed below .

On the one hand was the development of the French state , its administration , its budget , its army , together with its emphasis upon the attributes of monarchy .
on the one hand was the development of the french state , its administration , its budget , its army , together with its emphasis upon the [characteristics] of monarchy .

Complex , extraordinarily talented , a disciplined polymath , he is a dandy , a wit and a connoisseur at a time when all three attributes are very rare indeed .
complex , extraordinarily talented , a disciplined polymath , he is a dandy , a wit and a connoisseur at a time when all three [characteristics] are very rare indeed .

For modern Christians , however , it would be surprising to find the Church according a secular ruler the other attributes ascribed by Jesus 's contemporaries to their expected Messiah .
for modern christians , however , it would be surprising to find the church according a secular ruler the other [characteristics] ascribed by jesus 's contemporaries to their expected messiah .

In effect , it posited the sun god as the sum of all attributes of all other gods , and thus peacefully subsumed its potential rivals with no need to eradicate them .
in effect , it posited the sun god as the sum of all [characteristics] of all other gods , and thus peacefully subsumed its potential rivals with no need to eradicate them .

The execution of the letters rogatory might be refused only if the authenticity of the document was not established ; or if in the requested State its execution was not included within ‘ the attributes of judicial power ’ ; or if the request infringed the sovereignty or security of the requested State .
the execution of the letters rogatory might be refused only if the authenticity of the document was not established ; or if in the requested state its execution was not included within ‘ the [characteristics] of judicial power ’ ; or if the request infringed the sovereignty or security of the requested state .

The negative attributes of old age at an individual level were , for the first time , being applied to the population as a whole .
the negative [characteristics] of old age at an individual level were , for the first time , being applied to the population as a whole .

One way of investigating lay beliefs about health is to ask what attributes identify a healthy person .
one way of investigating lay beliefs about health is to ask what [characteristics] identify a healthy person .

To quote the dictionary again , the word ‘ adventure ’ contains in it an element of the unexpected , of chance and Fate , which means that the protagonist must be able to call on more than normal attributes to meet the challenge set for him .
to quote the dictionary again , the word ‘ adventure ’ contains in it an element of the unexpected , of chance and fate , which means that the protagonist must be able to call on more than normal [characteristics] to meet the challenge set for him .

The broad-minded opinions and solid common sense of this robust story-teller are expressed sometimes in dialogue in which officers ( and , interestingly , sometimes officers and men ) exchange views on slave-trading , naval punishments , privateering , or discuss the attributes of a good or a bad captain .
the broad-minded opinions and solid common sense of this robust story-teller are expressed sometimes in dialogue in which officers ( and , interestingly , sometimes officers and men ) exchange views on slave-trading , naval punishments , privateering , or discuss the [characteristics] of a good or a bad captain .

In uncomplicated prose he steered his readers through the episodes of his hero 's life , repeating at intervals Hornblower 's mannerisms ( his repressive ‘ Ha-hm ’ , his almost unseemly giggle in moments of crisis ) , his physical attributes ( a homely appearance , an unfortunate tendency to seasickness ) and the deeper , clinching duality of his nature .
in uncomplicated prose he steered his readers through the episodes of his hero 's life , repeating at intervals hornblower 's mannerisms ( his repressive ‘ ha-hm ’ , his almost unseemly giggle in moments of crisis ) , his physical [characteristics] ( a homely appearance , an unfortunate tendency to seasickness ) and the deeper , clinching duality of his nature .

There are constants , all the same , and it is in tracing the way the attributes of adventurous children — their courage , their resourcefulness , their loyalty — change yet remain the same , that the traditions of the adventure story can be verified .
there are constants , all the same , and it is in tracing the way the [characteristics] of adventurous children — their courage , their resourcefulness , their loyalty — change yet remain the same , that the traditions of the adventure story can be verified .

When men are asked what they think that women are looking for , the picture becomes very intriguing — particularly when they are also asked to rate themselves on these attributes ( see table , right ) .
when men are asked what they think that women are looking for , the picture becomes very intriguing — particularly when they are also asked to rate themselves on these [characteristics] ( see table , right ) .

‘ On Tethys we wanted to include hundreds of attributes like age , rock type , field outlines , age of discovery , temperature , reservoir performance and seeps , as well as coastlines , railways and rivers .
‘ on tethys we wanted to include hundreds of [characteristics] like age , rock type , field outlines , age of discovery , temperature , reservoir performance and seeps , as well as coastlines , railways and rivers .

In these unnervingly fast-moving times , even the most established on institutions has to keep recreating itself to capitalise on its attributes — or to avoid extinction .
in these unnervingly fast-moving times , even the most established on institutions has to keep recreating itself to capitalise on its [characteristics] — or to avoid extinction .

The ‘ sender ’ is usually part of an organisation or large institution , while the ‘ receiver ’ is always an individual — or a group of individuals with certain common attributes .
the ‘ sender ’ is usually part of an organisation or large institution , while the ‘ receiver ’ is always an individual — or a group of individuals with certain common [characteristics] .

It dissolved into six human forms , each taking on the attributes of head and arms and limbs .
it dissolved into six human forms , each taking on the [characteristics] of head and arms and limbs .

When , in the past , men were confronted with the problem of differentiating themselves from animals they tended to do so in terms of human attributes such as self-consciousness , rationality , free-will , or the possession of a soul or a moral sense .
when , in the past , men were confronted with the problem of differentiating themselves from animals they tended to do so in terms of human [characteristics] such as self-consciousness , rationality , free-will , or the possession of a soul or a moral sense .

In other words , it attributes everything to one specific event and draws all its consequences from that one event .
in other words , it [characteristics] everything to one specific event and draws all its consequences from that one event .

Its dominance rests not just on its material position in society but also on the power attributes which all bureaucracies possess — a hierarchical concentration of authority , the exclusion of mass involvement in decision-making , the specialization of functions — ‘ in short , a scientific organization of inequality , which became the principle of a new form of class oppression ’ ( Lefort 1986 , p. 115 ) .
its dominance rests not just on its material position in society but also on the power [characteristics] which all bureaucracies possess — a hierarchical concentration of authority , the exclusion of mass involvement in decision-making , the specialization of functions — ‘ in short , a scientific organization of inequality , which became the principle of a new form of class oppression ’ ( lefort 1986 , p. 115 ) .

The search for a theory that will combine structural explanations in terms of societal forces and psychological explanations in terms of individual attributes is as far from success in this as in all other fields of sociological research .
the search for a theory that will combine structural explanations in terms of societal forces and psychological explanations in terms of individual [characteristics] is as far from success in this as in all other fields of sociological research .

One study , based on sixty-six Third World firms ( and the evidence from other studies ) , found three main reasons for setting up joint ventures : host-government pressure , the need for the partner 's skills and the need for other attributes or assets .
one study , based on sixty-six third world firms ( and the evidence from other studies ) , found three main reasons for setting up joint ventures : host-government pressure , the need for the partner 's skills and the need for other [characteristics] or assets .

Shaw said : ‘ It 's difficult to work out his programme but it seems that he analysed his subjects and classified their attributes , their doings , and the major events in their lives by coded numbers .
shaw said : ‘ it 's difficult to work out his programme but it seems that he analysed his subjects and classified their [characteristics] , their doings , and the major events in their lives by coded numbers .

Following Lancaster 's theory of demand ( 1966 ) , goods may possess attributes which donors regard as important for donees ; e.g .
following lancaster 's theory of demand ( 1966 ) , goods may possess [characteristics] which donors regard as important for donees ; e.g .

However , these are not attributes of an individual as such , which for fairness might be viewed as a necessary condition .
however , these are not [characteristics] of an individual as such , which for fairness might be viewed as a necessary condition .

This simply changes the attributes with which the existing drivers are installed .
this simply changes the [characteristics] with which the existing drivers are installed .

The required user attributes of the software management system are that it is efficient in operation and supportive of the needs of software producers .
the required user [characteristics] of the software management system are that it is efficient in operation and supportive of the needs of software producers .

When hard copied , module images are held as pages in ‘ volumes ’ whose attributes are defined by the user .
when hard copied , module images are held as pages in ‘ volumes ’ whose [characteristics] are defined by the user .

The attributes specifed in the configuration file allow the layout of the page to be formatted to suit the printer used .
the [characteristics] specifed in the configuration file allow the layout of the page to be formatted to suit the printer used .

attributes the specifications for the format of the volume .
[characteristics] the specifications for the format of the volume .

There are nine attributes as described below .
there are nine [characteristics] as described below .

An end of run summary is then produced to provide statistics such as the current state and attributes of the hard copy volumes , the number of blocks used and a hard copy module summary .
an end of run summary is then produced to provide statistics such as the current state and [characteristics] of the hard copy volumes , the number of blocks used and a hard copy module summary .

It abolished almost completely the attributes of statehood which the 1978 Yugoslav federal Constitution had granted to the provinces of Kosovo and Vojvodina within the Serbian republic .
it abolished almost completely the [characteristics] of statehood which the 1978 yugoslav federal constitution had granted to the provinces of kosovo and vojvodina within the serbian republic .

Even though Gundovald can never have said some of the things which Gregory attributes to him , the bishop of Tours must have had some reason for putting the words into his mouth .
even though gundovald can never have said some of the things which gregory [characteristics] to him , the bishop of tours must have had some reason for putting the words into his mouth .

These additions it attributes to Childebert and to Chlothar .
these additions it [characteristics] to childebert and to chlothar .

An early version of the alternative doctrine polygeny , according to which the global category consists of a set of quite separate races of quite distinct historical origin and wholly different psychological attributes was advanced by Paracelsus in 1520 , but of much greater significance for the history of anthropology is the fact that , during a critical period between 1 850 and 1 870 , polygeny was the dominant orthodoxy in scientific circles throughout Europe and America .
an early version of the alternative doctrine polygeny , according to which the global category consists of a set of quite separate races of quite distinct historical origin and wholly different psychological [characteristics] was advanced by paracelsus in 1520 , but of much greater significance for the history of anthropology is the fact that , during a critical period between 1 850 and 1 870 , polygeny was the dominant orthodoxy in scientific circles throughout europe and america .

Perhaps , from an ape point of view , they have acquired attributes of the supernatural !
perhaps , from an ape point of view , they have acquired [characteristics] of the supernatural !

The model attributes of a " primitive " society
the model [characteristics] of a " primitive " society

The activities and financial attributes of each candidate will then be summarised ( together with any relevant press comment ) for your and our further consideration .
the activities and financial [characteristics] of each candidate will then be summarised ( together with any relevant press comment ) for your and our further consideration .

The aims of this research are to discover what are the attributes , qualities and skills of senior managers ( the competencies ) that contribute to the establishment and maintenance of high performing systems .
the aims of this research are to discover what are the [characteristics] , qualities and skills of senior managers ( the competencies ) that contribute to the establishment and maintenance of high performing systems .

The second part of the work will look at spatial variations in political attitudes and their links to both individual social attributes and voting behaviour .
the second part of the work will look at spatial variations in political attitudes and their links to both individual social [characteristics] and voting behaviour .

Eva attributes her education and training for officership to her mother 's self giving and determination .
eva [characteristics] her education and training for officership to her mother 's self giving and determination .

‘ Horsey ’ attributes associated with a small temple at Wroxeter might suggest that the goddess had a following in the Cornovian region .
‘ horsey ’ [characteristics] associated with a small temple at wroxeter might suggest that the goddess had a following in the cornovian region .

There is now a FastFormat icon which works like a ‘ paintbrush for text ’ and gives a quick way of applying a text attributes from selected text already in your document to any other area you then select .
there is now a fastformat icon which works like a ‘ paintbrush for text ’ and gives a quick way of applying a text [characteristics] from selected text already in your document to any other area you then select .

The text attributes embedded in the stored document also apply to spaces .
the text [characteristics] embedded in the stored document also apply to spaces .

The highlighted section is ready to be cut , copied or given special text attributes and styles .
the highlighted section is ready to be cut , copied or given special text [characteristics] and styles .

This screen is set to display embedded markers which mark the position of tabs , carriage returns and text attributes .
this screen is set to display embedded markers which mark the position of tabs , carriage returns and text [characteristics] .

Next come two zoom tools and below these an eye dropper icon — which copies attributes such as colour from one object to another — and a lorry icon — which gives access to the Symbol library .
next come two zoom tools and below these an eye dropper icon — which copies [characteristics] such as colour from one object to another — and a lorry icon — which gives access to the symbol library .

All characters , fonts , point sizes , screen attributes and colours can also be described .
all characters , fonts , point sizes , screen [characteristics] and colours can also be described .

Attributes : shadow , gradients , arrow heads , fine ends and joins , patterns
[characteristics] : shadow , gradients , arrow heads , fine ends and joins , patterns

Branch manager attributes their success to their vast experience and the fact they have worked together for such a long time .
branch manager [characteristics] their success to their vast experience and the fact they have worked together for such a long time .

Liking , let alone loving , had never been a requisite for the majority of men whose capacity for making love was triggered more by the physical attributes of a woman than the quality of her personality or character !
liking , let alone loving , had never been a requisite for the majority of men whose capacity for making love was triggered more by the physical [characteristics] of a woman than the quality of her personality or character !

In the constant search for new materials with improved performance , the idea of mixing two or more different polymers to form new substances having a combination of all the attributes of the components , is deceptively attractive .
in the constant search for new materials with improved performance , the idea of mixing two or more different polymers to form new substances having a combination of all the [characteristics] of the components , is deceptively attractive .

For example , gas , water , and electricity utilities require maps showing the locations and attributes of pipelines or transmission lines , and local authorities need maps showing bus routes and frequencies , locations of street lights , or positions of police stations ( to take a few examples ) .
for example , gas , water , and electricity utilities require maps showing the locations and [characteristics] of pipelines or transmission lines , and local authorities need maps showing bus routes and frequencies , locations of street lights , or positions of police stations ( to take a few examples ) .

One type refers to the geographical location ( both absolute and relative ) of spatial entities ( the points , lines and polygons considered earlier in Chapter 2 ) and the other data type refers to the properties or attributes of such spatial entities , for example the height of a point such as a hill top , the width of a road ( line ) or the area of a State ( polygon ) Table 7.1 ) .
one type refers to the geographical location ( both absolute and relative ) of spatial entities ( the points , lines and polygons considered earlier in chapter 2 ) and the other data type refers to the properties or [characteristics] of such spatial entities , for example the height of a point such as a hill top , the width of a road ( line ) or the area of a state ( polygon ) table 7.1 ) .

Other queries may relate to specific attributes of the spatial entities , or to combinations of these attributes , to the exclusion of any locational property . Examples of this kind of query include : How many states of the United States have a population greater than two million people ? What percentage of the area of New Jersey is classified as urban ? What is the population density ( persons per square kilometre ) of Alaska ?
other queries may relate to specific [characteristics] of the spatial entities , or to combinations of these [characteristics] , to the exclusion of any locational property . examples of this kind of query include : how many states of the united states have a population greater than two million people ? what percentage of the area of new jersey is classified as urban ? what is the population density ( persons per square kilometre ) of alaska ?

First of all , no map can show all the attributes that may conceivably be required by a user .
first of all , no map can show all the [characteristics] that may conceivably be required by a user .

Each attribute or set of related attributes is stored in its own file .
each attribute or set of related [characteristics] is stored in its own file .

One such file might hold demographic attributes for the individual counties of a given state ; these attributes would include total population and population broken down by age and sex while a second attribute file would store the mortality ( death ) and morbidity ( sickness ) rates for the same counties .
one such file might hold demographic [characteristics] for the individual counties of a given state ; these [characteristics] would include total population and population broken down by age and sex while a second attribute file would store the mortality ( death ) and morbidity ( sickness ) rates for the same counties .

The synthesis of geographical facts relating to the locational properties of spatial entities and their associated attributes is a necessary counterbalance to analytical studies carried out in physical and human geography .
the synthesis of geographical facts relating to the locational properties of spatial entities and their associated [characteristics] is a necessary counterbalance to analytical studies carried out in physical and human geography .

The method of scoring products on the two axes in order to fit them into the matrix is that of multi-dimensional screening , taking into account the attributes of the competition as well as the two dimensions already mentioned .
the method of scoring products on the two axes in order to fit them into the matrix is that of multi-dimensional screening , taking into account the [characteristics] of the competition as well as the two dimensions already mentioned .

their beauty and sexuality become mere attributes designed for the arousal of this look .
their beauty and sexuality become mere [characteristics] designed for the arousal of this look .

Furthermore , one of his main attributes is the capacity to link to other gangs and their leaders .
furthermore , one of his main [characteristics] is the capacity to link to other gangs and their leaders .

The data items ( attributes ) associated with each entity ( or relation ) can then be normalised .
the data items ( [characteristics] ) associated with each entity ( or relation ) can then be normalised .

At a certain stage in the analysis it becomes necessary not only to define each entity but also to record the relevant attributes of each entity .
at a certain stage in the analysis it becomes necessary not only to define each entity but also to record the relevant [characteristics] of each entity .

In many cases , things that can be defined as entities could also be defined as attributes , and vice versa .
in many cases , things that can be defined as entities could also be defined as [characteristics] , and vice versa .

Entities participate in functions of the organisation and the attributes are those data elements that are required to support the functions .
entities participate in functions of the organisation and the [characteristics] are those data elements that are required to support the functions .

The best rule of thumb is to ask whether the data element has information about it , in other words does it have attributes ?
the best rule of thumb is to ask whether the data element has information about it , in other words does it have [characteristics] ?

Entities and attributes are further distinguished by their role in events ( discussed below ) .
entities and [characteristics] are further distinguished by their role in events ( discussed below ) .

Attributes are those elements which supply data to support events .
[characteristics] are those elements which supply data to support events .

This consideration of the events and operations may lead to a tuning of the model , an adjustment of the entitles and the attributes .
this consideration of the events and operations may lead to a tuning of the model , an adjustment of the entitles and the [characteristics] .

Whereas relationships express the association between two entities , relations are a tabular representation of an entity , complete with attributes .
whereas relationships express the association between two entities , relations are a tabular representation of an entity , complete with [characteristics] .

Complete each entity with all the attributes
complete each entity with all the [characteristics]

It is a top-down approach in that the entities are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key attribute ( s ) of each entity are identified .
it is a top-down approach in that the entities are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the [characteristics] and key attribute ( s ) of each entity are identified .

The key attributes will uniquely identify any entity occurrence .
the key [characteristics] will uniquely identify any entity occurrence .

This means establishing the attributes for each entity .
this means establishing the [characteristics] for each entity .

Briefly , the rules of normalisation require that all entries in the entity must be completed ( first normal form ) , all attributes of the entity must be dependent on all the key ( second normal form ) , and all non-key attributes must be independent of one another ( third normal form ) .
briefly , the rules of normalisation require that all entries in the entity must be completed ( first normal form ) , all [characteristics] of the entity must be dependent on all the key ( second normal form ) , and all non-key [characteristics] must be independent of one another ( third normal form ) .

The separate documents will enable the specification of entities , attributes , relationships , events and Operations .
the separate documents will enable the specification of entities , [characteristics] , relationships , events and operations .

Included in the figure are the attributes of the entities .
included in the figure are the [characteristics] of the entities .

The key attributes are underlined .
the key [characteristics] are underlined .

It is a first sketch of the business , and you may also verify the relationships , add entities and relationships to the model or attributes to the entities , so that the model is more appropriate for a typical firm of wholesalers .
it is a first sketch of the business , and you may also verify the relationships , add entities and relationships to the model or [characteristics] to the entities , so that the model is more appropriate for a typical firm of wholesalers .

It is also top-down , in that the entities are identified first and then more and more detail filled in , as where the attributes of the entities are identified .
it is also top-down , in that the entities are identified first and then more and more detail filled in , as where the [characteristics] of the entities are identified .

Separate each level of the diagram as a relation with attributes .
separate each level of the diagram as a relation with [characteristics] .

find the identifying ( or key ) attributes .
find the identifying ( or key ) [characteristics] .

This may imply adding new relations to the set , adding data elements ( attributes ) to one or more of the relations , or breaking up one relation into two or more relations .
this may imply adding new relations to the set , adding data elements ( [characteristics] ) to one or more of the relations , or breaking up one relation into two or more relations .

Each tuple in a relation is distinguished from another because one or more attributes in a relation are designated key attributes .
each tuple in a relation is distinguished from another because one or more [characteristics] in a relation are designated key [characteristics] .

Ensure that all the attributes are atomic ( that is , in the smallest possible components ) .
ensure that all the [characteristics] are atomic ( that is , in the smallest possible components ) .

Ensure that all non-key attributes are functionally dependent on ( give facts about ) all of the key .
ensure that all non-key [characteristics] are functionally dependent on ( give facts about ) all of the key .

If this is not the case , split off into a separate relation those attributes that are dependent on only part of the key .
if this is not the case , split off into a separate relation those [characteristics] that are dependent on only part of the key .

Ensure that all non-key attributes are functionally independent of each other .
ensure that all non-key [characteristics] are functionally independent of each other .

Otherwise the content of the attributes not completed can not be known .
otherwise the content of the [characteristics] not completed can not be known .

The key of the relation of Figure 3.24 ( b ) is ‘ course-number ’ and ‘ module-number ’ together ( a composite key ) and the key attributes have been underlined .
the key of the relation of figure 3.24 ( b ) is ‘ course-number ’ and ‘ module-number ’ together ( a composite key ) and the key [characteristics] have been underlined .

‘ Module-details ’ has to be defined as a set of atomic attributes , not as a group item , thus it has to be broken down into its constituents of ‘ module-name ’ , ‘ status ’ and ‘ unit-points ’ :
‘ module-details ’ has to be defined as a set of atomic [characteristics] , not as a group item , thus it has to be broken down into its constituents of ‘ module-name ’ , ‘ status ’ and ‘ unit-points ’ :

This is achieved if the relations are in first normal form and all non-key attributes are fully functionally dependent on all the key .
this is achieved if the relations are in first normal form and all non-key [characteristics] are fully functionally dependent on all the key .

However , the attributes ‘ status ’ , ‘ name ’ and ‘ unit-points ’ are functionally dependent on ‘ module ’ .
however , the [characteristics] ‘ status ’ , ‘ name ’ and ‘ unit-points ’ are functionally dependent on ‘ module ’ .

But the relation course-module is still not in second normal form because the attributes ‘ course-name ’ and ‘ level ’ are functionally dependent on ‘ course ’ only , and not on the whole of the key .
but the relation course-module is still not in second normal form because the [characteristics] ‘ course-name ’ and ‘ level ’ are functionally dependent on ‘ course ’ only , and not on the whole of the key .

Second normal form may cause problems where non-key attributes are functionally dependent on each other ( a non-key attribute is dependent on another key attribute ) .
second normal form may cause problems where non-key [characteristics] are functionally dependent on each other ( a non-key attribute is dependent on another key attribute ) .

In any relation there may be more than one combination of attributes which can be chosen as primary key , in other words , there are candidate keys .
in any relation there may be more than one combination of [characteristics] which can be chosen as primary key , in other words , there are candidate keys .

We will look at database mapping in detail in Section 4.8 , but in principle , when converting the conceptual schema to the relational model , entities become relations ( entity occurrences being the tuples ) ; the attributes are mapped directly , the key attributes of an entity will be the same as those of the relation ; and the relationships also become relations , their keys being derived from the keys of the relations taking part in the relationship .
we will look at database mapping in detail in section 4.8 , but in principle , when converting the conceptual schema to the relational model , entities become relations ( entity occurrences being the tuples ) ; the [characteristics] are mapped directly , the key [characteristics] of an entity will be the same as those of the relation ; and the relationships also become relations , their keys being derived from the keys of the relations taking part in the relationship .

As a first approach to converting the conceptual schema to the Codasyl model , the entities are mapped to records , attributes to data items , one-to-many relationships to sets , and many-to-many relationships to two sets connected by a link record type .
as a first approach to converting the conceptual schema to the codasyl model , the entities are mapped to records , [characteristics] to data items , one-to-many relationships to sets , and many-to-many relationships to two sets connected by a link record type .

The mapping or transformation rules to convert the conceptual model in the form of entities , attributes and relationships , to a logical model which could be relational , hierarchical or network has already been touched on in the relevant sections .
the mapping or transformation rules to convert the conceptual model in the form of entities , [characteristics] and relationships , to a logical model which could be relational , hierarchical or network has already been touched on in the relevant sections .

Conventionally , a record or tuple is identified by one or more attributes that uniquely identify that occurrence .
conventionally , a record or tuple is identified by one or more [characteristics] that uniquely identify that occurrence .

We know that the controls over tobacco sponsorship of sport do not have the affect that Mr. Lawson attributes to them , because all the academic research shows that the tobacco industry 's sponsorship of sport is aimed at a younger market .
we know that the controls over tobacco sponsorship of sport do not have the affect that mr. lawson [characteristics] to them , because all the academic research shows that the tobacco industry 's sponsorship of sport is aimed at a younger market .

That will be a highly competitive environment and we are entering it by jettisoning investment , research , design , development and all the other attributes that would allow us to compete in that market .
that will be a highly competitive environment and we are entering it by jettisoning investment , research , design , development and all the other [characteristics] that would allow us to compete in that market .

Gentleman attributes to that surgeon is certainly not shared by , among others , Nye Bevan 's nephew .
gentleman [characteristics] to that surgeon is certainly not shared by , among others , nye bevan 's nephew .

The actual phenomenon these qualitative attributes refer to is , as we have witnessed , contested .
the actual phenomenon these qualitative [characteristics] refer to is , as we have witnessed , contested .

To serve this purpose , Williamson uses a model of human nature based on three behavioural attributes : bounded rationality , opportunism and dignity .
to serve this purpose , williamson uses a model of human nature based on three behavioural [characteristics] : bounded rationality , opportunism and dignity .

Sociological data is usually analysed by grouping together common attributes such as social class , educational background , etc .
sociological data is usually analysed by grouping together common [characteristics] such as social class , educational background , etc .

Patient attributes ( age , mental , emotional and psychological state , personality type ) .
patient [characteristics] ( age , mental , emotional and psychological state , personality type ) .

Weber 's theoretical scheme , while it recognizes diverse ‘ social bases ’ of politics , in the manner of Marx ( and also of Mosca ) , at the same time attributes a degree of autonomy to politics , and allows for a partly independent development of the state itself .
weber 's theoretical scheme , while it recognizes diverse ‘ social bases ’ of politics , in the manner of marx ( and also of mosca ) , at the same time [characteristics] a degree of autonomy to politics , and allows for a partly independent development of the state itself .

But this analysis concentrates unduly upon the intellectual content of nationalism , while neglecting its social sources , and it attributes to intellectuals an exaggerated importance as leaders of nationalist movements .
but this analysis concentrates unduly upon the intellectual content of nationalism , while neglecting its social sources , and it [characteristics] to intellectuals an exaggerated importance as leaders of nationalist movements .

If you look around you downstairs with your eyes instead of your prejudices you 'll notice that the women here are as varied in age , weight and physical attributes as they are in race , colour or creed .
if you look around you downstairs with your eyes instead of your prejudices you 'll notice that the women here are as varied in age , weight and physical [characteristics] as they are in race , colour or creed .

But his definition of style , like Jakobson 's of poetry , fails to allow for its multiplicity and changeability , even if it points to an important possible source of literary effect ; and in his claims concerning readers ' responses he attributes to these a degree of regularity which to many must seem quite unrealistic .
but his definition of style , like jakobson 's of poetry , fails to allow for its multiplicity and changeability , even if it points to an important possible source of literary effect ; and in his claims concerning readers ' responses he [characteristics] to these a degree of regularity which to many must seem quite unrealistic .

Brooks 's may not necessarily be much better , but Spitzer 's undoubtedly attributes a more prosaic kind of meaning to the text , which he sees as expressing an ( unreconciled ) opposition between the ‘ archaeological message ’ and the ‘ aesthetic message ’ of the urn .
brooks 's may not necessarily be much better , but spitzer 's undoubtedly [characteristics] a more prosaic kind of meaning to the text , which he sees as expressing an ( unreconciled ) opposition between the ‘ archaeological message ’ and the ‘ aesthetic message ’ of the urn .

But what must finally be regarded as its most revolutionary feature is the importance that it attributes to language : not only is language a major preoccupation of structuralist thinking , but language itself is used as a model for all sorts of non-linguistic institutions .
but what must finally be regarded as its most revolutionary feature is the importance that it [characteristics] to language : not only is language a major preoccupation of structuralist thinking , but language itself is used as a model for all sorts of non-linguistic institutions .

Secondly , even where there is some clarity about the required attributes , there is difficulty in measuring their attainment .
secondly , even where there is some clarity about the required [characteristics] , there is difficulty in measuring their attainment .

In the same breath , the writer attributes identical traits to Charles 's brother .
in the same breath , the writer [characteristics] identical traits to charles 's brother .

No contemporary source attributes Louis 's firm dealings with Lothar , Pippin and Louis the German to the designs of Judith rather than to the emperor 's own wishes .
no contemporary source [characteristics] louis 's firm dealings with lothar , pippin and louis the german to the designs of judith rather than to the emperor 's own wishes .

Her accuracy , excellent memory and attention to detail were key attributes throughout her career .
her accuracy , excellent memory and attention to detail were key [characteristics] throughout her career .

Teamwork contributed to both the identification of location clients and the delivery of Glasgow 's attributes to meet their specific needs .
teamwork contributed to both the identification of location clients and the delivery of glasgow 's [characteristics] to meet their specific needs .

In the present study , the thesis has been treated as a quasi-formal entity , which possesses enough attributes of the formal to enable comparisons to be drawn with fully formal conventional publications , such as journal articles , but which also possesses some elements of informal , personal communication , in that it can be regarded as the fulfilment of a one-to-one contract between the researcher and the university .
in the present study , the thesis has been treated as a quasi-formal entity , which possesses enough [characteristics] of the formal to enable comparisons to be drawn with fully formal conventional publications , such as journal articles , but which also possesses some elements of informal , personal communication , in that it can be regarded as the fulfilment of a one-to-one contract between the researcher and the university .

No discipline is , or could be , interested in everything about the common-sense world but in those things , those aspects , those properties , those attributes , conceived in terms of its conceptual apparatus and its theories .
no discipline is , or could be , interested in everything about the common-sense world but in those things , those aspects , those properties , those [characteristics] , conceived in terms of its conceptual apparatus and its theories .

For him , and ultimately consequential as one of the prime presuppositions of variable analysis , science does not deal with `` things-in-themselves `` but with their manifested properties or attributes .
for him , and ultimately consequential as one of the prime presuppositions of variable analysis , science does not deal with `` things-in-themselves `` but with their manifested properties or [characteristics] .

It is the attributes or properties of some phenomenon that are exhibited , revealed , discovered and which are measured ; never the `` thing-in-itself `` .
it is the [characteristics] or properties of some phenomenon that are exhibited , revealed , discovered and which are measured ; never the `` thing-in-itself `` .

Science 's empirical connection to the world is an abstracted , or selective , one dealing with the properties , attributes or qualities of phenomena rather than with the phenomena themselves .
science 's empirical connection to the world is an abstracted , or selective , one dealing with the properties , [characteristics] or qualities of phenomena rather than with the phenomena themselves .

In actual social research such tables are generally more complex than the one illustrated here , often involving `` higher `` levels of measurement than the simple dichotomous attributes in the example .
in actual social research such tables are generally more complex than the one illustrated here , often involving `` higher `` levels of measurement than the simple dichotomous [characteristics] in the example .

The inferential structure of the pattern searching method of variable analysis made use of the idea of the property space and the covariation of property attributes .
the inferential structure of the pattern searching method of variable analysis made use of the idea of the property space and the covariation of property [characteristics] .

There is a recognition in the notion of scale types that any effort to measure human attributes , be they psychological traits , attitudes or social properties , is unlikely to attain the standards of measurement typical of the natural sciences ; indeed , they are seldom used in their most developed form .
there is a recognition in the notion of scale types that any effort to measure human [characteristics] , be they psychological traits , attitudes or social properties , is unlikely to attain the standards of measurement typical of the natural sciences ; indeed , they are seldom used in their most developed form .

Selectivity affects variables or attributes that influence the outcome or the dependent variable : the problem is , if using the experimental mock-up , to separate out this initial selectivity from the impact of the institution , in this case , the military .
selectivity affects variables or [characteristics] that influence the outcome or the dependent variable : the problem is , if using the experimental mock-up , to separate out this initial selectivity from the impact of the institution , in this case , the military .

It listed such positive attributes as free ports , open tendering , the issue of stocks , and contracting and leasing systems , explaining that these were part of the class-neutral `` commodity economy `` , rather than belonging solely to capitalism .
it listed such positive [characteristics] as free ports , open tendering , the issue of stocks , and contracting and leasing systems , explaining that these were part of the class-neutral `` commodity economy `` , rather than belonging solely to capitalism .

The Moat House attributes much of its success to total Quality Management .
the moat house [characteristics] much of its success to total quality management .

In addition to the physical attributes to look for there are naturally a host of technical features to check .
in addition to the physical [characteristics] to look for there are naturally a host of technical features to check .

Alleyne ( 1980 : 184 ) attributes the post-Creole continuum to the social stratification of the old plantation society itself : whereas there was a high degree of sociological homogeneity within the slave population arising from the fact that it was a slave population , this society was hierarchically structured in terms of status of occupation , privileges , and access to the culture of the masters .
alleyne ( 1980 : 184 ) [characteristics] the post-creole continuum to the social stratification of the old plantation society itself : whereas there was a high degree of sociological homogeneity within the slave population arising from the fact that it was a slave population , this society was hierarchically structured in terms of status of occupation , privileges , and access to the culture of the masters .

This he attributes to a resistance on the part of Northerners to adapt their speech towards a recognised stereotype , although they will happily adapt other vowels which carry less social significance .
this he [characteristics] to a resistance on the part of northerners to adapt their speech towards a recognised stereotype , although they will happily adapt other vowels which carry less social significance .

Such accommodation responds to what the speaker mistakenly assumes will be the addressee 's speech on the basis of the addressee 's non-speech attributes . ``
such accommodation responds to what the speaker mistakenly assumes will be the addressee 's speech on the basis of the addressee 's non-speech [characteristics] . ``

It has been a point frequently made that the characters exposed to ridicule are never given attributes that can have been designed to evoke sympathy from the reader ; frequently quite the contrary .
it has been a point frequently made that the characters exposed to ridicule are never given [characteristics] that can have been designed to evoke sympathy from the reader ; frequently quite the contrary .

Although defining fabliaux as `` `` contes à rire `` `` , Bédier did not define the comedy of the fabliaux by any positive attributes .
although defining fabliaux as `` `` contes à rire `` `` , bédier did not define the comedy of the fabliaux by any positive [characteristics] .

It is easy enough to identify features that are likely to provoke laughter and were presumably intended to do so amongst the common attributes of the fabliaux .
it is easy enough to identify features that are likely to provoke laughter and were presumably intended to do so amongst the common [characteristics] of the fabliaux .

We might say that the Nun 's Priest represents a human character standing at the intersection of various areas of human activity and experience mirrored within the text , and that the important attributes of the construct that this character is are not least life and humanity themselves ; the real individual and communal life that has to compromise between animalistic anarchy ( i.e .
we might say that the nun 's priest represents a human character standing at the intersection of various areas of human activity and experience mirrored within the text , and that the important [characteristics] of the construct that this character is are not least life and humanity themselves ; the real individual and communal life that has to compromise between animalistic anarchy ( i.e .

In the General Prologue the Reeve is thus described : and : and the Host responds to the serious reflections of the Reeve 's Prologue accordingly : But the Host too has appropriated a character , as judge and ruler of the tale-telling game , that takes him beyond the predictable attributes of his normal station in life : while in the fiction of the Tales , the Miller has just been attributed with the strengths of the court poet Chaucer as a narrator .
in the general prologue the reeve is thus described : and : and the host responds to the serious reflections of the reeve 's prologue accordingly : but the host too has appropriated a character , as judge and ruler of the tale-telling game , that takes him beyond the predictable [characteristics] of his normal station in life : while in the fiction of the tales , the miller has just been attributed with the strengths of the court poet chaucer as a narrator .

Sidney Lee in his life of Shakespeare , 1908 edition , attributes his accurate use of legal terms to observation of his father 's legal battles and early association with members of the Inns of Court and there is also a suggestion that on his arrival in London he may have been employed as a clerk for a lawyer .
sidney lee in his life of shakespeare , 1908 edition , [characteristics] his accurate use of legal terms to observation of his father 's legal battles and early association with members of the inns of court and there is also a suggestion that on his arrival in london he may have been employed as a clerk for a lawyer .

Before 18 months , a child wo n't recognise herself in the mirror and for a long time will describe herself in terms of attributes ( like smallness ) and her possessions .
before 18 months , a child wo n't recognise herself in the mirror and for a long time will describe herself in terms of [characteristics] ( like smallness ) and her possessions .

In the presence of the risk-free asset the market portfolio may be identified and diversification was reduced to a process of investment in the market portfolio and the risk-free assets to derive the required risk return attributes .
in the presence of the risk-free asset the market portfolio may be identified and diversification was reduced to a process of investment in the market portfolio and the risk-free assets to derive the required risk return [characteristics] .

Personal attributes ( imagination vs education )
personal [characteristics] ( imagination vs education )

Mason weighed in at 17st 103 4 lb for Biggs , heavier by 10lb than ever before , and attributes this to a groin injury sustained when turning out in a charity football match .
mason weighed in at 17st 103 4 lb for biggs , heavier by 10lb than ever before , and [characteristics] this to a groin injury sustained when turning out in a charity football match .

He attributes his succession of government jobs to ‘ a sort of grapevine ’ .
he [characteristics] his succession of government jobs to ‘ a sort of grapevine ’ .

The Libyan system was ostensibly designed to preserve those natural attributes of humankind : some of its elements can be explained by the intention to create a non-representative direct democracy .
the libyan system was ostensibly designed to preserve those natural [characteristics] of humankind : some of its elements can be explained by the intention to create a non-representative direct democracy .

He attributes his success in holding Basildon to the front page of Thursday 's Sun — ‘ If Kinnock wins today will the last person to leave Britain please turn out the lights ’ — and in being treated as something of a hero within sections of the Conservative Party .
he [characteristics] his success in holding basildon to the front page of thursday 's sun — ‘ if kinnock wins today will the last person to leave britain please turn out the lights ’ — and in being treated as something of a hero within sections of the conservative party .

In addition to corporations aggregate , English law attributes a continuous legal personality under the name of ‘ corporations sole ’ to the Queen , and to the successive holders of certain offices , especially the holders of ecclesiastical offices , such as bishops , and rectors and vicars of parishes .
in addition to corporations aggregate , english law [characteristics] a continuous legal personality under the name of ‘ corporations sole ’ to the queen , and to the successive holders of certain offices , especially the holders of ecclesiastical offices , such as bishops , and rectors and vicars of parishes .

The problem is that , to speak of noise , to give it attributes , to claim things for it , is immediately to shackle it with meaning again , to make it part of culture .
the problem is that , to speak of noise , to give it [characteristics] , to claim things for it , is immediately to shackle it with meaning again , to make it part of culture .

Dolphins and their closely related cousins , the porpoises and small whales , show many of the attributes of Intelligence and social awareness which humans have recognised in the great whales .
dolphins and their closely related cousins , the porpoises and small whales , show many of the [characteristics] of intelligence and social awareness which humans have recognised in the great whales .

Different sweeps — sideways , front and back , or up and down — each alter different musical attributes .
different sweeps — sideways , front and back , or up and down — each alter different musical [characteristics] .

Not for him the acrobatics that fiction attributes to the American rich .
not for him the acrobatics that fiction [characteristics] to the american rich .

The minister says he feels humiliated by the lynchings , which he attributes to the ‘ absence of government ’ in many areas .
the minister says he feels humiliated by the lynchings , which he [characteristics] to the ‘ absence of government ’ in many areas .

He attributes some of his difficulties with the Communist Establishment to anti-semitism .
he [characteristics] some of his difficulties with the communist establishment to anti-semitism .

The title refers ironically to the fact that the space is not an object but a vaccum which we endow with its physical attributes .
the title refers ironically to the fact that the space is not an object but a vaccum which we endow with its physical [characteristics] .

One powerful argument attributes this stagnation to the economic structure set in the early 1950s .
one powerful argument [characteristics] this stagnation to the economic structure set in the early 1950s .

‘ By this means , the peaceful penetration of foreign markets , a state that possessed all the outward political attributes of independence and power might nevertheless be robbed of the internal , material , politico-economic bases of such independence and power .
‘ by this means , the peaceful penetration of foreign markets , a state that possessed all the outward political [characteristics] of independence and power might nevertheless be robbed of the internal , material , politico-economic bases of such independence and power .

Even so , the extreme length of the hunter — gatherer phase ( Chapter 8 ) suggests that our main behavioural attributes were formed in that period .
even so , the extreme length of the hunter — gatherer phase ( chapter 8 ) suggests that our main behavioural [characteristics] were formed in that period .

These attributes clearly included immense potential for societal and cultural modification in relation to economic exploitation of the environment .
these [characteristics] clearly included immense potential for societal and cultural modification in relation to economic exploitation of the environment .

Likewise , the neurology of the cerebral hemispheres is significant for the localization of cognitive attributes and the evolution of the nervous system is one way of describing the evolution of mental life .
likewise , the neurology of the cerebral hemispheres is significant for the localization of cognitive [characteristics] and the evolution of the nervous system is one way of describing the evolution of mental life .

The consequence is a realization that it is precisely the hierarchical and cybernetic attributes of living organisms that enabled evolution to acquire the direction emphasized by Hobhouse at the start of the century .
the consequence is a realization that it is precisely the hierarchical and cybernetic [characteristics] of living organisms that enabled evolution to acquire the direction emphasized by hobhouse at the start of the century .

The metaphysician , ‘ misled by a superficial grammatical feature of his language ’ , thereby supposes , Ayer argues , that the thing itself is a simple entity , which can be distinguished from its attributes .
the metaphysician , ‘ misled by a superficial grammatical feature of his language ’ , thereby supposes , ayer argues , that the thing itself is a simple entity , which can be distinguished from its [characteristics] .

The ‘ thing itself ’ , the ‘ substance ’ , is thought of as an object that can be separated from its attributes .
the ‘ thing itself ’ , the ‘ substance ’ , is thought of as an object that can be separated from its [characteristics] .

But they do not necessarily conclude that a thing is no more than the sum of its attributes .
but they do not necessarily conclude that a thing is no more than the sum of its [characteristics] .

Traditional approaches to the problem of defining God 's nature have often concentrated upon running through a list of divine attributes and classifying them in various forms .
traditional approaches to the problem of defining god 's nature have often concentrated upon running through a list of divine [characteristics] and classifying them in various forms .

Other divine attributes , however , appear to state positive things about God .
other divine [characteristics] , however , appear to state positive things about god .

The so-called ‘ moral ’ attributes are often cited in this context — ideas that God is wise , good , just , loving and so on .
the so-called ‘ moral ’ [characteristics] are often cited in this context — ideas that god is wise , good , just , loving and so on .

Even Christianity , which is in danger of saying that when God ‘ became ’ man in Jesus He gave up all the attributes of divinity , like omnipresence , draws back from saying so , admitting that God ‘ put on ’ or ‘ added ’ humanity to His unchanging divinity during the Incarnation .
even christianity , which is in danger of saying that when god ‘ became ’ man in jesus he gave up all the [characteristics] of divinity , like omnipresence , draws back from saying so , admitting that god ‘ put on ’ or ‘ added ’ humanity to his unchanging divinity during the incarnation .

Sometimes called a candidate specification , it states the essential attributes that you require and also the merely desirable ones .
sometimes called a candidate specification , it states the essential [characteristics] that you require and also the merely desirable ones .

If you conduct the interview with care , systematically collect the information needed and compare the candidate 's attributes against those that you are seeking , then the actual decision should not present major problems .
if you conduct the interview with care , systematically collect the information needed and compare the candidate 's [characteristics] against those that you are seeking , then the actual decision should not present major problems .

If you knew someone else with the same attributes , you would feel they must be quite a nice person really , would n't you ?
if you knew someone else with the same [characteristics] , you would feel they must be quite a nice person really , would n't you ?

For example , in his attempt to lead a new life , he attributes any success he may have had in conquering lust , anger or pride to God 's grace , a very specifically Christian idea ; and this is a full fifteen months before his conversion to Christianity .
for example , in his attempt to lead a new life , he [characteristics] any success he may have had in conquering lust , anger or pride to god 's grace , a very specifically christian idea ; and this is a full fifteen months before his conversion to christianity .

It is impossible to tell , from the physical attributes of a nerve impulse , whether it is conveying information about light , about sound or about smell .
it is impossible to tell , from the physical [characteristics] of a nerve impulse , whether it is conveying information about light , about sound or about smell .

Property dualism holds that the perception and the neural events which are its physical basis are simply different aspects , properties or attributes of the same ( physical ) events : what the physiologist observes on examining the brain and what the owner of the examined brain feels are two aspects of the same event .
property dualism holds that the perception and the neural events which are its physical basis are simply different aspects , properties or [characteristics] of the same ( physical ) events : what the physiologist observes on examining the brain and what the owner of the examined brain feels are two aspects of the same event .

Indeed , Leonard 's main recollection of his father lies in that style , rather than more personal attributes or memories , and he is wont to describe him with his top hat and gloves , his cane and spats , and miniature service medals .
indeed , leonard 's main recollection of his father lies in that style , rather than more personal [characteristics] or memories , and he is wont to describe him with his top hat and gloves , his cane and spats , and miniature service medals .

Stead ( 1980 : 305 ) , like Mervyn Jones ( 1980 ) , has also pointed out how police organization attributes low status to beat work , and asks the service to reconsider the value of the patrol officer :
stead ( 1980 : 305 ) , like mervyn jones ( 1980 ) , has also pointed out how police organization [characteristics] low status to beat work , and asks the service to reconsider the value of the patrol officer :

’ Meanwhile The Counterlife attributes to Henry the verdict that ‘ exploiting and distorting family secrets was my brother 's livelihood ’ .
’ meanwhile the counterlife [characteristics] to henry the verdict that ‘ exploiting and distorting family secrets was my brother 's livelihood ’ .

As a result of this work it could be declared that ‘ All the drugs now used against malaria were found by using experimental laboratory infections : the design of the tests employed to find them , or to uncover their particular attributes and imperfections , was based on knowledge of the life cycle ’ .
as a result of this work it could be declared that ‘ all the drugs now used against malaria were found by using experimental laboratory infections : the design of the tests employed to find them , or to uncover their particular [characteristics] and imperfections , was based on knowledge of the life cycle ’ .

The character of the Rottweiler consists of the sum of all the inherited and acquired physical and mental attributes , qualities and abilities , which determine and regulate his behaviour toward his surroundings .
the character of the rottweiler consists of the sum of all the inherited and acquired physical and mental [characteristics] , qualities and abilities , which determine and regulate his behaviour toward his surroundings .

In more detail , the following instincts and character attributes are considered desirable :
in more detail , the following instincts and character [characteristics] are considered desirable :

Three criteria have been chosen , attempting to measure the most important attributes of company performance over the year .
three criteria have been chosen , attempting to measure the most important [characteristics] of company performance over the year .

In the final analysis , Quelch and Hoff conclude , perhaps predictably , that the extent to which a standardised global product is practicable depends on two attributes :
in the final analysis , quelch and hoff conclude , perhaps predictably , that the extent to which a standardised global product is practicable depends on two [characteristics] :

Farrar-Hockley attributes the British intervention to an anti-appeasement mindset , worries about American isolationism , and concern for ‘ adherence to the charter of the United Nations to prevent its decline into the impotence of the League of Nations ’ ( p. 203 ) .
farrar-hockley [characteristics] the british intervention to an anti-appeasement mindset , worries about american isolationism , and concern for ‘ adherence to the charter of the united nations to prevent its decline into the impotence of the league of nations ’ ( p. 203 ) .

Sir Adrian attributes the moral decline largely to pressure brought about by a faster-pace world , particularly in the City where salary levels have become inflated beyond all recognition and where greed can easily take precedence over ethical practice .
sir adrian [characteristics] the moral decline largely to pressure brought about by a faster-pace world , particularly in the city where salary levels have become inflated beyond all recognition and where greed can easily take precedence over ethical practice .

Roddick attributes her entrepreneurial flair and her individualism to her upbringing .
roddick [characteristics] her entrepreneurial flair and her individualism to her upbringing .

Once in America , however , Maria soon fragments into numerous different Marias , each with her own distinctive attributes .
once in america , however , maria soon fragments into numerous different marias , each with her own distinctive [characteristics] .

Again , sexual perversion echoes attributes of Augustinian privation : evil lacks authentic being itself ( ‘ the hollowness within ' ) and because , rather than in spite of , that tact is utterly inimical to true being .
again , sexual perversion echoes [characteristics] of augustinian privation : evil lacks authentic being itself ( ‘ the hollowness within ' ) and because , rather than in spite of , that tact is utterly inimical to true being .

Mailer apparently concurs with the belief he attributes to Lawrence , that ‘ men and women can survive only it they reach the depths of their own sex down within themselves ’ ( p. 147 ) .
mailer apparently concurs with the belief he [characteristics] to lawrence , that ‘ men and women can survive only it they reach the depths of their own sex down within themselves ’ ( p. 147 ) .

He attributes an implied or assumed absence of homosexuality in Martinique to the absence of the Oedipus complex in the Antilles .
he [characteristics] an implied or assumed absence of homosexuality in martinique to the absence of the oedipus complex in the antilles .

He suggests that such tendencies occur here as an overcompensation for the closed consciousness or ‘ dual narcissism , to which Fanon attributes the depersonalization of colonial man ; that ‘ it is as it Fanon is fearful of his most radical insights ’ ( p. xx ) .
he suggests that such tendencies occur here as an overcompensation for the closed consciousness or ‘ dual narcissism , to which fanon [characteristics] the depersonalization of colonial man ; that ‘ it is as it fanon is fearful of his most radical insights ’ ( p. xx ) .

This continually recurring disharmony Marx attributes to the nature of class relations , and it is this which produces the forward movement of history .
this continually recurring disharmony marx [characteristics] to the nature of class relations , and it is this which produces the forward movement of history .

In this way , because the despot has taken onto himself the attributes of the community , work — which was in fact done for him — appeared as work by him , and he appeared as the creator of wealth for the community .
in this way , because the despot has taken onto himself the [characteristics] of the community , work — which was in fact done for him — appeared as work by him , and he appeared as the creator of wealth for the community .

Increasingly , the quality of life during the year before death is going to depend on the attributes of residential homes and their staff .
increasingly , the quality of life during the year before death is going to depend on the [characteristics] of residential homes and their staff .

Lewin and Minton ( 1986 ) in their comprehensive survey of the literature find no less than thirteen orientations to management from the year 1911 onwards , each with its own typical effectiveness attributes .
lewin and minton ( 1986 ) in their comprehensive survey of the literature find no less than thirteen orientations to management from the year 1911 onwards , each with its own typical effectiveness [characteristics] .

To be effective , an organization must possess attributes that are simultaneously contradictory , even mutually exclusive , ( Cameron , 1986 , pp .
to be effective , an organization must possess [characteristics] that are simultaneously contradictory , even mutually exclusive , ( cameron , 1986 , pp .

Our conclusion must be that there are many criteria of organizational effectiveness , some of which are mutually exclusive , yet , paradoxically , these seemingly conflicting attributes are able to co-exist and to work together .
our conclusion must be that there are many criteria of organizational effectiveness , some of which are mutually exclusive , yet , paradoxically , these seemingly conflicting [characteristics] are able to co-exist and to work together .

( 1987 ) in their efforts to provide training that would maximize the effectiveness of indigenous paraprofessional social service workers was that such training should specifically seek to strengthen those very attributes that enable them to maintain contact with and work effectively in their own communities ( p. 15 ) .
( 1987 ) in their efforts to provide training that would maximize the effectiveness of indigenous paraprofessional social service workers was that such training should specifically seek to strengthen those very [characteristics] that enable them to maintain contact with and work effectively in their own communities ( p. 15 ) .

Like many people branded with the attributes of reliability , honesty , and politeness , the band were attracted to the George Best myth and basked in its reflected glory .
like many people branded with the [characteristics] of reliability , honesty , and politeness , the band were attracted to the george best myth and basked in its reflected glory .

Lewis certainly possesses the physical attributes for the task in hand .
lewis certainly possesses the physical [characteristics] for the task in hand .

The present law attributes too much weight to chance : ‘ the offender 's fault falls too far short of the unlucky result .
the present law [characteristics] too much weight to chance : ‘ the offender 's fault falls too far short of the unlucky result .

They are particularly unpopular with women workers tending to snag their tights during handling and sometimes such incidents affect the acceptability of a produce more than any performance attributes .
they are particularly unpopular with women workers tending to snag their tights during handling and sometimes such incidents affect the acceptability of a produce more than any performance [characteristics] .

Bali ( 1974 ) talks of the need for reorientation of the whole of conservation policy in India , while Ranganathan ( 1978 ) attributes failures of past efforts to inter-departmental rivalry and lack of extension .
bali ( 1974 ) talks of the need for reorientation of the whole of conservation policy in india , while ranganathan ( 1978 ) [characteristics] failures of past efforts to inter-departmental rivalry and lack of extension .

Kilakuldilok attributes this to a familiar list of reasons — institutional weaknesses in all aspects of conservation , lack of political will , rapid population growth , and lack of a coherent long-term policy .
kilakuldilok [characteristics] this to a familiar list of reasons — institutional weaknesses in all aspects of conservation , lack of political will , rapid population growth , and lack of a coherent long-term policy .

This is an important but different explanation from that which attributes failure of conservation programmes to the conservation agency ( e.g .
this is an important but different explanation from that which [characteristics] failure of conservation programmes to the conservation agency ( e.g .

In rather the same way as in some Basic Needs Strategies , a checklist of desirable attributes of a good strategy can be compiled ( Blaikie , Cameron & Seddon 1979 ) .
in rather the same way as in some basic needs strategies , a checklist of desirable [characteristics] of a good strategy can be compiled ( blaikie , cameron & seddon 1979 ) .

Clayton attributes a lot of his success to sport itself .
clayton [characteristics] a lot of his success to sport itself .

What psychoanalysis calls fantasies of infantile omnipotence thus came into play , together with other attributes of infantility — greed , paranoia , and an inability to follow complex rational arguments .
what psychoanalysis calls fantasies of infantile omnipotence thus came into play , together with other [characteristics] of infantility — greed , paranoia , and an inability to follow complex rational arguments .

Drawing description files are normally ascii text files , with the drawing attributes and all relevant set-up information described in a suitably coded but printable form .
drawing description files are normally ascii text files , with the drawing [characteristics] and all relevant set-up information described in a suitably coded but printable form .

This he attributes to our oceanic climate .
this he [characteristics] to our oceanic climate .

The texts are to be read and reread , with all the scrupulosity and rigour that Norris attributes to Derrida , and if not wholly in French , at least with frequent references to the original .
the texts are to be read and reread , with all the scrupulosity and rigour that norris [characteristics] to derrida , and if not wholly in french , at least with frequent references to the original .

This heritage gave and still attributes to him the ability to move fast , avoiding all obstacles , to do his master 's bidding .
this heritage gave and still [characteristics] to him the ability to move fast , avoiding all obstacles , to do his master 's bidding .

If the choreographer is attempting to draw and communicate a moving picture of the individual character and physical attributes which permanently affect the manner of acting , feeling and thinking of their hero , heroine and entire cast , then they must study not only the general outline and background of their chosen story or theme , but also the beliefs , ways of life and traditions which have given life to the people and tales of different countries .
if the choreographer is attempting to draw and communicate a moving picture of the individual character and physical [characteristics] which permanently affect the manner of acting , feeling and thinking of their hero , heroine and entire cast , then they must study not only the general outline and background of their chosen story or theme , but also the beliefs , ways of life and traditions which have given life to the people and tales of different countries .

In other words , they must develop a style which will reveal not only the physical attributes of the characters but also their mental attitudes .
in other words , they must develop a style which will reveal not only the physical [characteristics] of the characters but also their mental attitudes .

Resources and facilities ranked tenth and eleventh in the survey by Hughes , Wikeley and Nash ( 1990 ) of parents ' views of the attributes of a good primary school .
resources and facilities ranked tenth and eleventh in the survey by hughes , wikeley and nash ( 1990 ) of parents ' views of the [characteristics] of a good primary school .

individually list the ten most important attributes of a good primary school ;
individually list the ten most important [characteristics] of a good primary school ;

Attributes of a good school
[characteristics] of a good school

The head who goes about the job with tremendous enthusiasm and courtesy is likely to generate these attributes in other members of staff .
the head who goes about the job with tremendous enthusiasm and courtesy is likely to generate these [characteristics] in other members of staff .

Heads could make better use of their time by paying attention to those encouraging little friendly attributes , searching for the successes of others and praising them shamelessly .
heads could make better use of their time by paying attention to those encouraging little friendly [characteristics] , searching for the successes of others and praising them shamelessly .

As a child Louis-Napoleon showed himself to be both alert and sensitive , two attributes which made his life difficult , because he was the victim of the unhappy marriage of his parents .
as a child louis-napoleon showed himself to be both alert and sensitive , two [characteristics] which made his life difficult , because he was the victim of the unhappy marriage of his parents .

‘ Nations ’ seem to be historically supersubjects with attributes of agency and action : they ‘ mobilize ’ , ‘ aspire ’ , ‘ propel themselves forward ’ , ‘ react ’ and they even have atavistic , irrational ‘ ideas ’ with traumas which explode periodically .
‘ nations ’ seem to be historically supersubjects with [characteristics] of agency and action : they ‘ mobilize ’ , ‘ aspire ’ , ‘ propel themselves forward ’ , ‘ react ’ and they even have atavistic , irrational ‘ ideas ’ with traumas which explode periodically .

Such people were held to be possessed of none of the attributes of pure intellect , the cultivation of which was the purpose of education .
such people were held to be possessed of none of the [characteristics] of pure intellect , the cultivation of which was the purpose of education .

The essence of his difficulty was that time and change imply that the same thing can have contradictory properties — it can be , say , hot and cold , depending on the time — and this conflicted with the rule that nothing can possess incompatible attributes .
the essence of his difficulty was that time and change imply that the same thing can have contradictory properties — it can be , say , hot and cold , depending on the time — and this conflicted with the rule that nothing can possess incompatible [characteristics] .

The Third Annual Punch Egothon ( Spring Edition ) : while it presumes to expose the year 's most overbearing , vain , egocentric celebrities , all it actually does is to unwittingly credit these attributes to your own good selves .
the third annual punch egothon ( spring edition ) : while it presumes to expose the year 's most overbearing , vain , egocentric celebrities , all it actually does is to unwittingly credit these [characteristics] to your own good selves .

They often over-rely on their appearance as a means of relating , although they feel cheated when they perceive others as responding only to their physical attributes .
they often over-rely on their appearance as a means of relating , although they feel cheated when they perceive others as responding only to their physical [characteristics] .

The labour input can be defined as consisting of all the human attributes which are used in producing goods and services and , as such , it differs from the inputs of the other factors of production in one major respect .
the labour input can be defined as consisting of all the human [characteristics] which are used in producing goods and services and , as such , it differs from the inputs of the other factors of production in one major respect .

In addition to money , wealth can be held in the form of interest-bearing accounts in financial institutions , bonds ( such as government securities and company debentures ) , equities ( or company shares ) , real assets ( such as antique furniture and property ) and ‘ human capital ’ ( defined as including the mental and physical attributes that enable people to earn a living by selling their labour services ) .
in addition to money , wealth can be held in the form of interest-bearing accounts in financial institutions , bonds ( such as government securities and company debentures ) , equities ( or company shares ) , real assets ( such as antique furniture and property ) and ‘ human capital ’ ( defined as including the mental and physical [characteristics] that enable people to earn a living by selling their labour services ) .

It might be easier to use a few objects with clearly differentiated attributes as a starting point , but conversations of this kind can occur spontaneously in many activities .
it might be easier to use a few objects with clearly differentiated [characteristics] as a starting point , but conversations of this kind can occur spontaneously in many activities .

Young children will be exploring the identity and simple attributes of objects that they can see and feel .
young children will be exploring the identity and simple [characteristics] of objects that they can see and feel .

Not all of the attributes of God that he intended to pass along to the human race were present in Adam , eg God has a mother 's heart .
not all of the [characteristics] of god that he intended to pass along to the human race were present in adam , eg god has a mother 's heart .

Never lose sight of the fact that God himself selected the collection of assets and attributes which you now possess .
never lose sight of the fact that god himself selected the collection of assets and [characteristics] which you now possess .

Her greatest attributes were a sweetness of nature , a kind disposition , being a good sister and a wonderful daughter .
her greatest [characteristics] were a sweetness of nature , a kind disposition , being a good sister and a wonderful daughter .

She is represented as accoutred with a shield and a trident , the traditional attributes of the Sea-god Neptune , to symbolize the fact that Britain 's strength depends on her sea-power as ‘ ruler of the waves ’ .
she is represented as accoutred with a shield and a trident , the traditional [characteristics] of the sea-god neptune , to symbolize the fact that britain 's strength depends on her sea-power as ‘ ruler of the waves ’ .

This is a derivation of the formal systems model , and is used in essentially the same way , ie as a checklist to ensure that the model of a procedure is well-formulated and all the necessary attributes are considered during the analysis .
this is a derivation of the formal systems model , and is used in essentially the same way , ie as a checklist to ensure that the model of a procedure is well-formulated and all the necessary [characteristics] are considered during the analysis .

Paul 's text , however , attributes the validity of the trust to ‘ intention alone ’ .
paul 's text , however , [characteristics] the validity of the trust to ‘ intention alone ’ .

Control of the beat officer through formal organizational sanctions had both negative and positive attributes .
control of the beat officer through formal organizational sanctions had both negative and positive [characteristics] .

The witches , as the followers of Baal , take the attributes and names of God and give them to other powers or to false gods .
the witches , as the followers of baal , take the [characteristics] and names of god and give them to other powers or to false gods .

The trick will be to distil these desirable attributes from the new arrangements and to discard the harmful elements ; once they have been shown to be so .
the trick will be to distil these desirable [characteristics] from the new arrangements and to discard the harmful elements ; once they have been shown to be so .

Not merely material quality of life has slipped , but also the less easily definable cultural environment and attributes .
not merely material quality of life has slipped , but also the less easily definable cultural environment and [characteristics] .

What instrumental techniques can not do is evaluate the sensory attributes of an odour , in particular its acceptability , nor can they compete with the human nose as far as sensitivity to most odours is concerned .
what instrumental techniques can not do is evaluate the sensory [characteristics] of an odour , in particular its acceptability , nor can they compete with the human nose as far as sensitivity to most odours is concerned .

The sensory attributes of an odour
the sensory [characteristics] of an odour

The sensory attributes of an odour capable of measurement include its intensity , character , acceptability and detectability , all of which are relevant in deciding whether or not a particular odour amounts to a nuisance at law .
the sensory [characteristics] of an odour capable of measurement include its intensity , character , acceptability and detectability , all of which are relevant in deciding whether or not a particular odour amounts to a nuisance at law .

Most of his bears are made by a company situated between Otley and Ilkley and have all the attributes of classic teddies .
most of his bears are made by a company situated between otley and ilkley and have all the [characteristics] of classic teddies .

In the Middle Ages it was generally accepted that women 's ears turned men on to the same extent as the more obvious feminine attributes ; that is why so may medieval headdresses ensured that women 's ears were discreetly covered .
in the middle ages it was generally accepted that women 's ears turned men on to the same extent as the more obvious feminine [characteristics] ; that is why so may medieval headdresses ensured that women 's ears were discreetly covered .

It was said that nature had endowed him with a penis some thirteen inches long and an insatiable sexual appetite — so much so that even in his teens his physical attributes were the delight of many local girls .
it was said that nature had endowed him with a penis some thirteen inches long and an insatiable sexual appetite — so much so that even in his teens his physical [characteristics] were the delight of many local girls .

Local legend attributes its origins to commemoration of the village 's deliverance from the Great Plague in 1665 .
local legend [characteristics] its origins to commemoration of the village 's deliverance from the great plague in 1665 .

These magical attributes persisted through the ages and died out only with the rise of scientific investigations in the 16th century .
these magical [characteristics] persisted through the ages and died out only with the rise of scientific investigations in the 16th century .

It is a pity that he attributes to Emrys Hughes remarks relating to these matters made by Sir Emrys Jones .
it is a pity that he [characteristics] to emrys hughes remarks relating to these matters made by sir emrys jones .

They are possessed of a handful of skills and attributes which many of the rest of us lack , such as numeracy , and a general ungullability , and ( presumably ) a penchant for cryptography , so that they can actually penetrate and comprehend the tortuous laws and regulations they must administer . But have they ever even heard of flexibility ? Are they even modestly adaptable ?
they are possessed of a handful of skills and [characteristics] which many of the rest of us lack , such as numeracy , and a general ungullability , and ( presumably ) a penchant for cryptography , so that they can actually penetrate and comprehend the tortuous laws and regulations they must administer . but have they ever even heard of flexibility ? are they even modestly adaptable ?

Neil Frude 's book brings together a wide range of stimulating ideas related to the association of human attributes to non-human objects .
neil frude 's book brings together a wide range of stimulating ideas related to the association of human [characteristics] to non-human objects .

There is nothing new in the notion that physical attributes are a key to character .
there is nothing new in the notion that physical [characteristics] are a key to character .

He attributes this success to the strong bond that existed between the parents : a plentiful food supply ; the friendly interrelation of the chicks themselves , apparently because they were of opposite sexes ; and , not least , the shape and size of the nest which gave them space to keep out of each other 's way .
he [characteristics] this success to the strong bond that existed between the parents : a plentiful food supply ; the friendly interrelation of the chicks themselves , apparently because they were of opposite sexes ; and , not least , the shape and size of the nest which gave them space to keep out of each other 's way .

In the cause of historical justice , it should be noticed how he seemed always to feel obliged to express caution about too readily assigning to the cosmical redshift all the attributes of an ordinary velocity shift ; at the same time he seemed to wish not positively to offer any alternative treatment .
in the cause of historical justice , it should be noticed how he seemed always to feel obliged to express caution about too readily assigning to the cosmical redshift all the [characteristics] of an ordinary velocity shift ; at the same time he seemed to wish not positively to offer any alternative treatment .

The Intel Corporation claims to have overcome the problem by combining the attributes of two of its earlier semiconductors .
the intel corporation claims to have overcome the problem by combining the [characteristics] of two of its earlier semiconductors .

One can be attributed incomer status in any local community because one does not have close kin in the area , because one was not born there or , simply , because one has not become known in them one can not claim membership in terms of any of these attributes .
one can be attributed incomer status in any local community because one does not have close kin in the area , because one was not born there or , simply , because one has not become known in them one can not claim membership in terms of any of these [characteristics] .

They are distinguished by various combinations of attributes — occupation , money , manners , education , power , jobs , standard of living , possession of material items .
they are distinguished by various combinations of [characteristics] — occupation , money , manners , education , power , jobs , standard of living , possession of material items .

The learner who is well on the road to being a competent reader does bring a number of things to the task , a set of skills and attributes many of which are still developing .
the learner who is well on the road to being a competent reader does bring a number of things to the task , a set of skills and [characteristics] many of which are still developing .

An academic model for building surveying education has been established by the ‘ centres of excellence ’ , and where the shortfall in employment prospects has chilled the ebullience of some job markets , the building surveyor is currently displaying skills and attributes that stimulate a demand and maintain a 100% employment record for the graduates .
an academic model for building surveying education has been established by the ‘ centres of excellence ’ , and where the shortfall in employment prospects has chilled the ebullience of some job markets , the building surveyor is currently displaying skills and [characteristics] that stimulate a demand and maintain a 100% employment record for the graduates .

Peter , who died tragically early two years ago , worked in advertising before being engulfed by his artistic passions : he was a painter and enameller , calligrapher and visionary , all attributes that enrich the spiritual life but require someone else to pay the mortgage .
peter , who died tragically early two years ago , worked in advertising before being engulfed by his artistic passions : he was a painter and enameller , calligrapher and visionary , all [characteristics] that enrich the spiritual life but require someone else to pay the mortgage .

Together these features offer considerable potential benefits to efficiency , flexibility , refinement and packaging , but in the past these attributes have been more than offset by traditional two-stroke failings of poor fuel consumption coupled with high emissions .
together these features offer considerable potential benefits to efficiency , flexibility , refinement and packaging , but in the past these [characteristics] have been more than offset by traditional two-stroke failings of poor fuel consumption coupled with high emissions .

The patterns and rhythms of the sensory realm are only reflections of more fundamental attributes of Mind .
the patterns and rhythms of the sensory realm are only reflections of more fundamental [characteristics] of mind .

Some are simple , like ‘ patient ’ , with only a few critical attributes , whilst others such as ‘ emotion , , ‘ perception ’ and ‘ learning are complex .
some are simple , like ‘ patient ’ , with only a few critical [characteristics] , whilst others such as ‘ emotion , , ‘ perception ’ and ‘ learning are complex .

In much the way that field names can reveal traces of past languages and past land usage , and street names past social values , events , local features and benefactors , so can surnames — if carefully analysed — demonstrate racial and local origins , relationships , occupations , personal attributes and even ancient street cries .
in much the way that field names can reveal traces of past languages and past land usage , and street names past social values , events , local features and benefactors , so can surnames — if carefully analysed — demonstrate racial and local origins , relationships , occupations , personal [characteristics] and even ancient street cries .

for children 's and teenagers ' wellbeing — they have to learn rules , roles and skills in order to develop self-esteem and self-control , and these attributes are , in the end , liberating and also signs of growing maturity ;
for children 's and teenagers ' wellbeing — they have to learn rules , roles and skills in order to develop self-esteem and self-control , and these [characteristics] are , in the end , liberating and also signs of growing maturity ;

Indeed , aggression is one of the most predictable ( stable ) psychological traits or attributes over the life-span ; children who are particularly aggressive at the age of three are also likely to be the children who fight and quarrel most frequently at fourteen and even in early adulthood .
indeed , aggression is one of the most predictable ( stable ) psychological traits or [characteristics] over the life-span ; children who are particularly aggressive at the age of three are also likely to be the children who fight and quarrel most frequently at fourteen and even in early adulthood .

The structure , powers and resources of these companies vary , but they are all intended to achieve the regeneration of specific areas by combining the talents and attributes of the public and private sectors .
the structure , powers and resources of these companies vary , but they are all intended to achieve the regeneration of specific areas by combining the talents and [characteristics] of the public and private sectors .

This Wallach attributes to the overall control of government and aid agencies that assigns to the farmers a passive role in land management .
this wallach [characteristics] to the overall control of government and aid agencies that assigns to the farmers a passive role in land management .

While much international tourism is undertaken to enjoy cultural attributes , much of it is also prompted by scenic , wildlife and marine features .
while much international tourism is undertaken to enjoy cultural [characteristics] , much of it is also prompted by scenic , wildlife and marine features .

As Table 8.6 shows , two further plant attributes are being exploited to produce new crop plants .
as table 8.6 shows , two further plant [characteristics] are being exploited to produce new crop plants .

On the one hand , clones produced with the object of reproducing desired attributes may be disappointing because the genetic deviation from the parent may mean that the attributes are lost .
on the one hand , clones produced with the object of reproducing desired [characteristics] may be disappointing because the genetic deviation from the parent may mean that the [characteristics] are lost .

The recognition of desirable attributes in many cloned species has already resulted in the improvement of crop plants like the potato , tomato , lettuce and sugar-cane .
the recognition of desirable [characteristics] in many cloned species has already resulted in the improvement of crop plants like the potato , tomato , lettuce and sugar-cane .

Tranquility , calm , mirth , enthusiasm and benevolence are also indispensable attributes of men of the mystical journey ; and this is even more true of meditation which is the very basis of the mystic life , for it is the means by which the mind is dyed and changed into a garden .
tranquility , calm , mirth , enthusiasm and benevolence are also indispensable [characteristics] of men of the mystical journey ; and this is even more true of meditation which is the very basis of the mystic life , for it is the means by which the mind is dyed and changed into a garden .

More advanced is creative thought which also has many of the attributes of purposive thought .
more advanced is creative thought which also has many of the [characteristics] of purposive thought .

Man 's joy and happiness and all his higher attributes such as vision and creativity are dependent on his emotions .
man 's joy and happiness and all his higher [characteristics] such as vision and creativity are dependent on his emotions .

This cultivation of the vision of man is one of the highest achievements of the mental life , and throughout human history the seer has been accorded superhuman attributes .
this cultivation of the vision of man is one of the highest achievements of the mental life , and throughout human history the seer has been accorded superhuman [characteristics] .

Throughout adolescence , such attributes develop but , although more independent , people of this age-group are still dependent on adult guidance and surveillance .
throughout adolescence , such [characteristics] develop but , although more independent , people of this age-group are still dependent on adult guidance and surveillance .

And they 're attributes possessed in ultra-abundance by The Heathers , an elite clique of vacuous High School beauties who specialise in ‘ being popular ’ and making life hell for socially inadequate ‘ dweebettes ’ and ‘ pillowcases ’ .
and they 're [characteristics] possessed in ultra-abundance by the heathers , an elite clique of vacuous high school beauties who specialise in ‘ being popular ’ and making life hell for socially inadequate ‘ dweebettes ’ and ‘ pillowcases ’ .

Harris draws on evidence suggesting that children ’ s inherited intellectual and personality attributes lead them to evoke particular responses from adults , which further strengthen the child ’ s inherited traits .
harris draws on evidence suggesting that children ’ s inherited intellectual and personality [characteristics] lead them to evoke particular responses from adults , which further strengthen the child ’ s inherited traits .

Traditional international economics attributes trade to comparative advantage , relative labor costs , and the relative costs of logistics and transportation .
traditional international economics [characteristics] trade to comparative advantage , relative labor costs , and the relative costs of logistics and transportation .

In addition , there has been an appreciable growth in relatively unskilled immigrants in some localities such as major metropolitan areas around the country.4 The 1997 Economic Report of the President , reporting a colloquium of experts at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , attributes the growth of inequality to the following : technological change ( 45 percent ) , international trade ( 12 percent ) , a decline in the real minimum wage ( 10 percent ) , rising immigration ( 8 percent ) , and other factors ( 15 percent ) .
in addition , there has been an appreciable growth in relatively unskilled immigrants in some localities such as major metropolitan areas around the country.4 the 1997 economic report of the president , reporting a colloquium of experts at the federal reserve bank of new york , [characteristics] the growth of inequality to the following : technological change ( 45 percent ) , international trade ( 12 percent ) , a decline in the real minimum wage ( 10 percent ) , rising immigration ( 8 percent ) , and other factors ( 15 percent ) .

This is most apparent in colonnades , which Vincent Scully has likened to hoplites massed in a phalanx.2 There is no doubt that Classical columns were given human attributes .
this is most apparent in colonnades , which vincent scully has likened to hoplites massed in a phalanx.2 there is no doubt that classical columns were given human [characteristics] .

By then the cultural attributes of Gothic had worn thin .
by then the cultural [characteristics] of gothic had worn thin .

Barrios are sometimes called ghettos ; even though there are very negative and sometimes few positive attributes to living in barrios , they can ’ t always be presumed to be ghettos in the sense of places where a group is forced to live against its will .
barrios are sometimes called ghettos ; even though there are very negative and sometimes few positive [characteristics] to living in barrios , they can ’ t always be presumed to be ghettos in the sense of places where a group is forced to live against its will .

Barcelona and Granada possess greater architecture , and many Spanish cities have finer natural attributes .
barcelona and granada possess greater architecture , and many spanish cities have finer natural [characteristics] .

Jews hold the site sacred , although an inscription attributes the grave to a Roman owner .
jews hold the site sacred , although an inscription [characteristics] the grave to a roman owner .

Mallorca and Menorca are blessed with the sort of natural and man-made attributes that entice countless millions of foreign visitors to descend upon them and to keep returning year after year : the perfect deep blue and transparent turquoise of the Mediterranean Sea , 300-plus days of brilliant annual sunshine , hundreds of miles of coastline , secluded coves and wide bays , and a vast choice of cheap flights and accommodations .
mallorca and menorca are blessed with the sort of natural and man-made [characteristics] that entice countless millions of foreign visitors to descend upon them and to keep returning year after year : the perfect deep blue and transparent turquoise of the mediterranean sea , 300-plus days of brilliant annual sunshine , hundreds of miles of coastline , secluded coves and wide bays , and a vast choice of cheap flights and accommodations .

The religion , in which Mahavira is seen as the manifestation of 24 Tirthankaras ( teachers ) , attributes souls to all living creatures , as well as other natural objects .
the religion , in which mahavira is seen as the manifestation of 24 tirthankaras ( teachers ) , [characteristics] souls to all living creatures , as well as other natural objects .

More than enough attributes , for many , to pay a visit .
more than enough [characteristics] , for many , to pay a visit .

This location had many natural attributes in its favor .
this location had many natural [characteristics] in its favor .

The wives of these gods also have numerous names and attributes .
the wives of these gods also have numerous names and [characteristics] .

Each of these parks has its own attributes , and the whole area is a stronghold of the Spanish Lynx , but the highest peaks and the most dramatic scenery is found in the last of these , which is also the birthplace of the great Guadalquivir River .
each of these parks has its own [characteristics] , and the whole area is a stronghold of the spanish lynx , but the highest peaks and the most dramatic scenery is found in the last of these , which is also the birthplace of the great guadalquivir river .

She attributes part of this increase to the fact that people have been moving to Colorado in hopes of finding the promised land , as outlined in Money Magazine .
she [characteristics] part of this increase to the fact that people have been moving to colorado in hopes of finding the promised land , as outlined in money magazine .

Recommendation # 5 Research is needed on how demographic and cultural attributes of ED patients , practitioners , and interventionists influence the success of screening and interventions for alcohol problems .
recommendation # 5 research is needed on how demographic and cultural [characteristics] of ed patients , practitioners , and interventionists influence the success of screening and interventions for alcohol problems .

Alison Moore indicated that these differences can also influence how researchers and clinicians tailor interventions to apply to people with different cultural attributes .
alison moore indicated that these differences can also influence how researchers and clinicians tailor interventions to apply to people with different cultural [characteristics] .

Board member qualifications are more than a matter of education and experience , they are also a matter of personal attributes of which integrity is number one .
board member qualifications are more than a matter of education and experience , they are also a matter of personal [characteristics] of which integrity is number one .

PWG attributes its success to the establishment of a knowledgeable and professional group of contract auditors in the pharmaceutical and medical/surgical supply industries .
pwg [characteristics] its success to the establishment of a knowledgeable and professional group of contract auditors in the pharmaceutical and medical/surgical supply industries .

VBA attributes the increased number of appeals resolved at the regional office level to the efforts of its decision review officers .
vba [characteristics] the increased number of appeals resolved at the regional office level to the efforts of its decision review officers .

While the program attributes some production cost increases to a reduction in F-22 quantities , it has been significantly affected by design and ATIRCM/CMWS Program Experience manufacturing problems that started during development .
while the program [characteristics] some production cost increases to a reduction in f-22 quantities , it has been significantly affected by design and atircm/cmws program experience manufacturing problems that started during development .

Information technology effectively integrated into strategic plans and performance management practices can lead to increased customer satisfaction , government productivity gains , and significant cost reductions- increasingly important attributes to a government with a declining employee base .
information technology effectively integrated into strategic plans and performance management practices can lead to increased customer satisfaction , government productivity gains , and significant cost reductions- increasingly important [characteristics] to a government with a declining employee base .

In the other factor , the federal CIO tends to be constrained by organizational attributes typical of the federal sector .
in the other factor , the federal cio tends to be constrained by organizational [characteristics] typical of the federal sector .

These attributes include , but are not limited to , relatively little flexibility in financial reward systems and highly distributed organizational structures in a number of federal agencies .
these [characteristics] include , but are not limited to , relatively little flexibility in financial reward systems and highly distributed organizational structures in a number of federal agencies .

LSC 's Program Letter on Intake Our Program Letter on the characteristics of a telephone intake , advice and referral system sets out the attributes of a superb system for grantees to both inform the field and create a set of standards LSC can use during on-site visits and for evaluating grant applications .
lsc 's program letter on intake our program letter on the characteristics of a telephone intake , advice and referral system sets out the [characteristics] of a superb system for grantees to both inform the field and create a set of standards lsc can use during on-site visits and for evaluating grant applications .

Description of the Retail Electricity Price Model Primary Attributes of the Model • The Model provides a forecast of average retail electricity prices from 2005 to 2020 for 13 regions and the contiguous U.S. , and considers areas of the country that ( 1 ) will have competitive pricing of power generation and , ( 2 ) are likely to price retail power based on a cost-of-service basis .
description of the retail electricity price model primary [characteristics] of the model • the model provides a forecast of average retail electricity prices from 2005 to 2020 for 13 regions and the contiguous u.s. , and considers areas of the country that ( 1 ) will have competitive pricing of power generation and , ( 2 ) are likely to price retail power based on a cost-of-service basis .

In certain cases , labor market studies have not adequately controlled for non-fatal injury risks and other unfavorable job attributes ( e.g .
in certain cases , labor market studies have not adequately controlled for non-fatal injury risks and other unfavorable job [characteristics] ( e.g .

Digression on Economic Model of Household Behavior Each household is assumed to have a demand function for each good which depends on the prices of all goods , the household 's budgeted total expenditure and observable and unobservable characteristics of the household Let p , p , ... , p be the prices for goods household purchases , M be the 12 K household 's budgeted total expenditure and A , A , ... , A are the attributes 12 N ( observable and unobservable characteristics ) of the household .
digression on economic model of household behavior each household is assumed to have a demand function for each good which depends on the prices of all goods , the household 's budgeted total expenditure and observable and unobservable characteristics of the household let p , p , ... , p be the prices for goods household purchases , m be the 12 k household 's budgeted total expenditure and a , a , ... , a are the [characteristics] 12 n ( observable and unobservable characteristics ) of the household .

One of observable attributes that is assumed to shift the household 's demand for postage is whether or not is owns a personal computer .
one of observable [characteristics] that is assumed to shift the household 's demand for postage is whether or not is owns a personal computer .

As a consequence , the PRC costing methodology generally attributes a larger portion of total operating costs than does the Service .
as a consequence , the prc costing methodology generally [characteristics] a larger portion of total operating costs than does the service .

With this history , the CIA brought to the era of 9/11 many attributes of an elite organization , viewing itself as serving on the nation 's front lines to engage America 's enemies .
with this history , the cia brought to the era of 9/11 many [characteristics] of an elite organization , viewing itself as serving on the nation 's front lines to engage america 's enemies .

Instead , it is done by creating a large number of random permutations of the spatial and temporal attributes of each case in the dataset .
instead , it is done by creating a large number of random permutations of the spatial and temporal [characteristics] of each case in the dataset .

Beauty , above all other human attributes , is profoundly influenced by culture , and it is hard to take this interpretation of beauty as an adequate explanation , rather than just a pretty way to finish the series .
beauty , above all other human [characteristics] , is profoundly influenced by culture , and it is hard to take this interpretation of beauty as an adequate explanation , rather than just a pretty way to finish the series .

Our perspective seems biased and narrow when applied to life as a whole , says evolutionary biologist Laurence Hurst of the University of Bath , United Kingdom. “ If you were a single-celled alga sitting in a pond , you would n't see the world as splitting into males and females. ” In fact , different species have evolved a bewildering number of ways to mix and match the attributes of sexes .
our perspective seems biased and narrow when applied to life as a whole , says evolutionary biologist laurence hurst of the university of bath , united kingdom. “ if you were a single-celled alga sitting in a pond , you would n't see the world as splitting into males and females. ” in fact , different species have evolved a bewildering number of ways to mix and match the [characteristics] of sexes .

On the other hand , by crossing genetically divergent parents , the range of phenotypic variation will be much more extensive and can even be surprising , with many individuals presenting phenotypes that would not be expected based on the attributes of the parents .
on the other hand , by crossing genetically divergent parents , the range of phenotypic variation will be much more extensive and can even be surprising , with many individuals presenting phenotypes that would not be expected based on the [characteristics] of the parents .

Because of human selection , cultivars may exemplify a range of exaggerated phenotypic attributes that give them the appearance of being , on the whole , more diverse than some of the wild populations from which they were derived , but in truth , domestication usually represents a kind of genetic bottleneck .
because of human selection , cultivars may exemplify a range of exaggerated phenotypic [characteristics] that give them the appearance of being , on the whole , more diverse than some of the wild populations from which they were derived , but in truth , domestication usually represents a kind of genetic bottleneck .

After all , we are only at the very beginning of the endeavor to understand the way in which a genotype confers a particular set of attributes to a living organism .
after all , we are only at the very beginning of the endeavor to understand the way in which a genotype confers a particular set of [characteristics] to a living organism .

Grafting is an ancient technique used by farmers and gardeners to combine desired attributes of the rootstock with those of the donor plant shoot , or scion .
grafting is an ancient technique used by farmers and gardeners to combine desired [characteristics] of the rootstock with those of the donor plant shoot , or scion .

These are the attributes we want all children to have .
these are the [characteristics] we want all children to have .

I genuinely think that each of the top four presidential contenders ( Bradley , McCain , Bush , Gore ) possesses interesting attributes .
i genuinely think that each of the top four presidential contenders ( bradley , mccain , bush , gore ) possesses interesting [characteristics] .

The Times attributes the increasing involvement of NGOs to `` the growing complexity of the international agenda , '' advanced technology and communications , and declining government involvement in the post-Cold War era .
the times [characteristics] the increasing involvement of ngos to `` the growing complexity of the international agenda , '' advanced technology and communications , and declining government involvement in the post-cold war era .

The LAT lead attributes the mortgage rate rise -- in some cases amounting to half a percentage point -- to the stuttering global economy .
the lat lead [characteristics] the mortgage rate rise -- in some cases amounting to half a percentage point -- to the stuttering global economy .

The Post attributes Quinn 's unanticipated change of heart to arm-twisting by Tom DeLay .
the post [characteristics] quinn 's unanticipated change of heart to arm-twisting by tom delay .

USAT quotes Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez as saying , `` There are bodies in the sea , there are bodies under mud , there are bodies everywhere , '' while the LAT attributes this same quote to the country 's foreign minister .
usat quotes venezuela 's president hugo chavez as saying , `` there are bodies in the sea , there are bodies under mud , there are bodies everywhere , '' while the lat [characteristics] this same quote to the country 's foreign minister .

The editorial attributes the president 's escape to sheer dumb luck .
the editorial [characteristics] the president 's escape to sheer dumb luck .

Safer , cleaner , more fun -- these are the attributes touted by an organization 's new chairman .
safer , cleaner , more fun -- these are the [characteristics] touted by an organization 's new chairman .

Rather than stand behind his cynicism , the accuser attributes it to others .
rather than stand behind his cynicism , the accuser [characteristics] it to others .

Safer , cleaner , more fun -- these are the attributes touted by an organization 's new chairman .
safer , cleaner , more fun -- these are the [characteristics] touted by an organization 's new chairman .

Consider just one of those attributes : `` faith . ''
consider just one of those [characteristics] : `` faith . ''

Almost all the traits Brokaw attributes to the GIs are subject to similar demurrals .
almost all the traits brokaw [characteristics] to the gis are subject to similar demurrals .

The Globe acknowledges this incident but attributes Hillary 's behavior to the heretofore unknown baba ghanouj syndrome .
the globe acknowledges this incident but [characteristics] hillary 's behavior to the heretofore unknown baba ghanouj syndrome .

Rolling Stone attributes the show 's success to its comic sensibility , `` a sort of humor that 's distinctly no-brow -- an edgy , rude point of view '' ( David Wild ) .
rolling stone [characteristics] the show 's success to its comic sensibility , `` a sort of humor that 's distinctly no-brow -- an edgy , rude point of view '' ( david wild ) .

The WP attributes the decision to cost worries , as well as tension between the White House and Capitol Hill on all matters military .
the wp [characteristics] the decision to cost worries , as well as tension between the white house and capitol hill on all matters military .

The piece attributes the record job-jumping rates to the overheated economy and the ease of finding work online .
the piece [characteristics] the record job-jumping rates to the overheated economy and the ease of finding work online .

The insistence that one must see an exhibition before having anything critical to say about ideas and images within it attributes a great importance to the visceral experience of objects , an attendance to form .
the insistence that one must see an exhibition before having anything critical to say about ideas and images within it [characteristics] a great importance to the visceral experience of objects , an attendance to form .

The New York Times attributes the increasing number of A plusses and the decrease in C 's and D 's to `` lenient professors and students who badger them for higher grades . ''
the new york times [characteristics] the increasing number of a plusses and the decrease in c 's and d 's to `` lenient professors and students who badger them for higher grades . ''

The cover story attributes teen-agers ' mercurial behavior to underdeveloped brains .
the cover story [characteristics] teen-agers ' mercurial behavior to underdeveloped brains .

The next administration is going the need all the brilliance , flexibility , and cultural insight it can muster , and I 'll welcome these attributes , if genuine , from any quarter and attached to just about any track record .
the next administration is going the need all the brilliance , flexibility , and cultural insight it can muster , and i 'll welcome these [characteristics] , if genuine , from any quarter and attached to just about any track record .

Morris , however , selects a few incidents in Reagan 's presidency and attributes to them a historic importance for which there is no real evidence .
morris , however , selects a few incidents in reagan 's presidency and [characteristics] to them a historic importance for which there is no real evidence .

Let me give several illustrations of a kind of historical simplemindedness that is in many ways as bad as , or worse than , the simplemindedness he sometimes attributes to Reagan .
let me give several illustrations of a kind of historical simplemindedness that is in many ways as bad as , or worse than , the simplemindedness he sometimes [characteristics] to reagan .

The NYT investigates the ascendancy of House Majority Whip Tom DeLay , which it attributes to his `` unabashed devotion to political money . ''
the nyt investigates the ascendancy of house majority whip tom delay , which it [characteristics] to his `` unabashed devotion to political money . ''

Mr. Rangell attributes despicable motives to me , which can be summed up as `` opportunism . ''
mr. rangell [characteristics] despicable motives to me , which can be summed up as `` opportunism . ''

This seems to be bred from the same kind of `` intellectual schizophrenia '' he attributes to those who would disagree with him : If economic growth is dependent on cutting down trees , what happens when the trees are gone , as he himself concedes will eventually happen ?
this seems to be bred from the same kind of `` intellectual schizophrenia '' he [characteristics] to those who would disagree with him : if economic growth is dependent on cutting down trees , what happens when the trees are gone , as he himself concedes will eventually happen ?

Similarly , the cover editorial attributes the election results to a groundswell of American moderatism : Most people are happy , so why vote for radical changes ?
similarly , the cover editorial [characteristics] the election results to a groundswell of american moderatism : most people are happy , so why vote for radical changes ?

That makes Kristol , among more glorious attributes , Slate 's neighbor in a downtown D.C. office building -- which may answer the question several distressed readers have asked : Why so many writers in Slate from the Weekly Standard ?
that makes kristol , among more glorious [characteristics] , slate 's neighbor in a downtown d.c. office building -- which may answer the question several distressed readers have asked : why so many writers in slate from the weekly standard ?

If `` News Quiz '' were not a quiz but rather a pornographic Japanese comic book , dense with misogyny and conveniently available in omnipresent vending machines on the platforms of swift , efficient commuter railways , those would be the attributes of the sexed-up superhero whose adventures we chronicled , even if it made many of our fellow passengers really uncomfortable .
if `` news quiz '' were not a quiz but rather a pornographic japanese comic book , dense with misogyny and conveniently available in omnipresent vending machines on the platforms of swift , efficient commuter railways , those would be the [characteristics] of the sexed-up superhero whose adventures we chronicled , even if it made many of our fellow passengers really uncomfortable .

McCain attributes his survival in prison camp to the fortuitous discovery by his captors that his father was a high-ranking figure in the U.S. military .
mccain [characteristics] his survival in prison camp to the fortuitous discovery by his captors that his father was a high-ranking figure in the u.s. military .

Gray attributes Fagles ' popularity to his simple , straightforward language .
gray [characteristics] fagles ' popularity to his simple , straightforward language .

An article attributes the defeat of fast-track trade authority to a resurgence of nationalism in both parties .
an article [characteristics] the defeat of fast-track trade authority to a resurgence of nationalism in both parties .

The New York Times ' Frank Rich attributes the Harrison hype to the Hollywoodization of publishing .
the new york times ' frank rich [characteristics] the harrison hype to the hollywoodization of publishing .

He attributes its success to feminism or , more specifically , to `` its entry into the psychological subtlety with which Homer presents women . ''
he [characteristics] its success to feminism or , more specifically , to `` its entry into the psychological subtlety with which homer presents women . ''

Only Frank Kermode defends Mailer ; in an erudite reading of the book in the New York Review of Books , he attributes to Mailer the subtlety of a theologian -- whose `` powerful mind , '' however , `` works in a specialized way , not by theological argument but by telling or retelling a story . ''
only frank kermode defends mailer ; in an erudite reading of the book in the new york review of books , he [characteristics] to mailer the subtlety of a theologian -- whose `` powerful mind , '' however , `` works in a specialized way , not by theological argument but by telling or retelling a story . ''

William Weld attributes his recent political burnout to lack of ambition .
william weld [characteristics] his recent political burnout to lack of ambition .

Other attributes : 1 ) Nebbishes are necessarily schlumpy , never handsome or physically robust .
other [characteristics] : 1 ) nebbishes are necessarily schlumpy , never handsome or physically robust .

Into another set of labeled glasses I poured three different chardonnays ( which I expected to have dramatically distinct attributes ) , one gewürztraminer , and one Riesling .
into another set of labeled glasses i poured three different chardonnays ( which i expected to have dramatically distinct [characteristics] ) , one gewürztraminer , and one riesling .

Here are the attributes of consumer goods that appeal to me far more than brand name : 1 ) Color .
here are the [characteristics] of consumer goods that appeal to me far more than brand name : 1 ) color .

It is unknown whether the autopilot disengaged automatically or manually ; most papers merely note this fact in passing , but the Post oddly attributes this uncertainty to `` sources close to the investigation . ''
it is unknown whether the autopilot disengaged automatically or manually ; most papers merely note this fact in passing , but the post oddly [characteristics] this uncertainty to `` sources close to the investigation . ''

The Post carries this figure as well but attributes it to an official government estimate made after flights over the region .
the post carries this figure as well but [characteristics] it to an official government estimate made after flights over the region .

Savage attributes such Svengalian omnipotence to Malcolm McLaren , and focuses so heavily on McLaren 's intellectual antecedents , from structuralism to the Situationist International , that you could easily forget there was any band there at all . )
savage [characteristics] such svengalian omnipotence to malcolm mclaren , and focuses so heavily on mclaren 's intellectual antecedents , from structuralism to the situationist international , that you could easily forget there was any band there at all . )

Indeed , in its lead paragraph , the LAT attributes the sentencing outcome to a belief by many jurors that the FBI was arrogant and sloppy .
indeed , in its lead paragraph , the lat [characteristics] the sentencing outcome to a belief by many jurors that the fbi was arrogant and sloppy .

Chernow attributes this attitude to Rockefeller 's `` uncommon respect for the dollar . ''
chernow [characteristics] this attitude to rockefeller 's `` uncommon respect for the dollar . ''

Chernow attributes Rockefeller 's poor relations with Harper to the fact that the college president was a spendthrift .
chernow [characteristics] rockefeller 's poor relations with harper to the fact that the college president was a spendthrift .

Paradise recounts a similar move for the people who eventually founded Ruby , but attributes the migration to the fact that an earlier settlement had become too worldly and corrupt .
paradise recounts a similar move for the people who eventually founded ruby , but [characteristics] the migration to the fact that an earlier settlement had become too worldly and corrupt .

Noting the fossil 's eel-like tail and other aquatic attributes , Lee and Caldwell suggest that these proto-snakes retreated into the water , shed their legs , then slithered back out .
noting the fossil 's eel-like tail and other aquatic [characteristics] , lee and caldwell suggest that these proto-snakes retreated into the water , shed their legs , then slithered back out .

A judge prohibited McKinney 's lawyers from using the `` gay panic '' defense , which attributes violent acts to an unconscious reaction to homosexual advances .
a judge prohibited mckinney 's lawyers from using the `` gay panic '' defense , which [characteristics] violent acts to an unconscious reaction to homosexual advances .

Time 's cover story attributes all addictions -- from alcoholism to drug addiction to binge eating -- to the neurotransmitter dopamine .
time 's cover story [characteristics] all addictions -- from alcoholism to drug addiction to binge eating -- to the neurotransmitter dopamine .

A sidebar attributes the decline to `` quality-of-life '' policing and a crime-tracking program called COMPSTAT .
a sidebar [characteristics] the decline to `` quality-of-life '' policing and a crime-tracking program called compstat .

The paper 's pollsters found that those surveyed were not that antecedently familiar with the issue , which the LAT attributes to the low-level , thus far , of television advertising about it .
the paper 's pollsters found that those surveyed were not that antecedently familiar with the issue , which the lat [characteristics] to the low-level , thus far , of television advertising about it .

The Times reports that although the LIV is often defended as a tool for fiscal restraint , even the Clinton administration attributes to it only $ 1M in direct deficit reduction .
the times reports that although the liv is often defended as a tool for fiscal restraint , even the clinton administration [characteristics] to it only $ 1m in direct deficit reduction .

The LAT credit union effort attributes a quotation to `` the American Bankers Assn .
the lat credit union effort [characteristics] a quotation to `` the american bankers assn .

She declined to talk about this case , but her lawyer , Steven Banks , says the defendants deny making the statements McDonald attributes to them .
she declined to talk about this case , but her lawyer , steven banks , says the defendants deny making the statements mcdonald [characteristics] to them .

Probably because of two key attributes that it shares with certain other doctrines , like belief in the gold standard : It appeals to the prejudices of extremely rich men , and it offers self-esteem to the intellectually insecure .
probably because of two key [characteristics] that it shares with certain other doctrines , like belief in the gold standard : it appeals to the prejudices of extremely rich men , and it offers self-esteem to the intellectually insecure .

Chatterbox was unable to obtain details of this story , but `` Murph '' Murphy is the person to whom Edward H. Heinemann , an aircraft designer and engineer for Douglas Aircraft in the 1940s and '50s , attributes Murphy 's Law in his ( Heinemann 's ) 1980 autobiography , Ed Heinemann : Combat Aircraft Designer .
chatterbox was unable to obtain details of this story , but `` murph '' murphy is the person to whom edward h. heinemann , an aircraft designer and engineer for douglas aircraft in the 1940s and '50s , [characteristics] murphy 's law in his ( heinemann 's ) 1980 autobiography , ed heinemann : combat aircraft designer .

The Post and the LAT reveal that the co-pilot had a sick daughter ( the LAT attributes this news to an Egyptian newspaper ) ; the Post says that she has been receiving outpatient treatment at UCLA Medical Center for about a year , although she has been improving lately .
the post and the lat reveal that the co-pilot had a sick daughter ( the lat [characteristics] this news to an egyptian newspaper ) ; the post says that she has been receiving outpatient treatment at ucla medical center for about a year , although she has been improving lately .

The WSJ goes high in its front-page financial news box with the record U.S. trade deficit posted for November , which it attributes to higher imports of cars and other consumer goods as well as Y2K stockpiling and rising oil prices .
the wsj goes high in its front-page financial news box with the record u.s. trade deficit posted for november , which it [characteristics] to higher imports of cars and other consumer goods as well as y2k stockpiling and rising oil prices .

Ceci Connolly ( CBS 's Face the Nation ) attributes Gore 's Iowa surge to his attacks on Bradley 's wishy-washy farm-assistance record .
ceci connolly ( cbs 's face the nation ) [characteristics] gore 's iowa surge to his attacks on bradley 's wishy-washy farm-assistance record .

A WP `` Outlook '' piece attributes the undue unease to good old-fashion fear of technology .
a wp `` outlook '' piece [characteristics] the undue unease to good old-fashion fear of technology .

While such sites do a good job of making recent articles and broad-based resources available , they 've yet to combine the Net 's strongest attributes -- searchability and multiple information sources -- with political sophistication .
while such sites do a good job of making recent articles and broad-based resources available , they 've yet to combine the net 's strongest [characteristics] -- searchability and multiple information sources -- with political sophistication .

Humans have the most annoying tendency to ascribe cutesy attributes to wild creatures .
humans have the most annoying tendency to ascribe cutesy [characteristics] to wild creatures .

The Tribune attributes this to the emergency plan , which had police ferrying about 1,200 people without air conditioning or fans to `` cooling centers . ''
the tribune [characteristics] this to the emergency plan , which had police ferrying about 1,200 people without air conditioning or fans to `` cooling centers . ''

None associated the pig with its traditional attributes , dirty or foul smelling .
none associated the pig with its traditional [characteristics] , dirty or foul smelling .

In a piece about Ingmar Bergman , the Swedish film director attributes both his psychologically probing cinematic style and his tumultuous love life to his emotionally frigid parents .
in a piece about ingmar bergman , the swedish film director [characteristics] both his psychologically probing cinematic style and his tumultuous love life to his emotionally frigid parents .

Rather , it demonstrates a rather remarkable journalistic sloppiness ( employed , on occasion , by those on the right as well as on the left ) that permits the writer to look at a subject 's basic physical traits and ignore the many other attributes and characteristics that make the individual worthy of being viewed , objectively , as a legitimate leader .
rather , it demonstrates a rather remarkable journalistic sloppiness ( employed , on occasion , by those on the right as well as on the left ) that permits the writer to look at a subject 's basic physical traits and ignore the many other [characteristics] and characteristics that make the individual worthy of being viewed , objectively , as a legitimate leader .

The New Yorker attributes the Onion 's wildly popular deadpan humor to its location .
the new yorker [characteristics] the onion 's wildly popular deadpan humor to its location .

It attributes the plummet in the number of men entering the priesthood to pedophilia scandals , disillusionment with celibacy , and `` the increasingly secular nature of American life . ''
it [characteristics] the plummet in the number of men entering the priesthood to pedophilia scandals , disillusionment with celibacy , and `` the increasingly secular nature of american life . ''

The Chronicle of Higher Education attributes the increase enrollment at Christian colleges -- up 24 percent between 1990 and 1996 -- partly to parents ' concerns about binge drinking and other behaviors at public institutions .
the chronicle of higher education [characteristics] the increase enrollment at christian colleges -- up 24 percent between 1990 and 1996 -- partly to parents ' concerns about binge drinking and other behaviors at public institutions .

Political pollsters argue that most commercials do n't really work -- that viewer recall of a product and its claimed attributes is actually remarkably low , and that the research `` proving '' the efficacy of the ads is largely controlled by the ad agencies that made the ads in the first place .
political pollsters argue that most commercials do n't really work -- that viewer recall of a product and its claimed [characteristics] is actually remarkably low , and that the research `` proving '' the efficacy of the ads is largely controlled by the ad agencies that made the ads in the first place .

Taking these attributes together , we thus have hard-liners and soft-liners , hard-core pornography and soft-core pornography , hard sell and soft sell , hard numbers and soft numbers , hard drugs and soft drugs , hard liquor and soft drinks , hard sciences and soft sciences , hardhearted and softhearted , hard rock and soft rock .
taking these [characteristics] together , we thus have hard-liners and soft-liners , hard-core pornography and soft-core pornography , hard sell and soft sell , hard numbers and soft numbers , hard drugs and soft drugs , hard liquor and soft drinks , hard sciences and soft sciences , hardhearted and softhearted , hard rock and soft rock .

In short , it 's the difference between talent and genius -- between Glenn Close proficiently performing her character 's attributes one by one ( `` Look at me , I 'm acting ! '' )
in short , it 's the difference between talent and genius -- between glenn close proficiently performing her character 's [characteristics] one by one ( `` look at me , i 'm acting ! '' )

By contrast , Finkelstein adopts an ugly conspiratorial tone when he attributes the book 's popularity in the United States to its Zionist message .
by contrast , finkelstein adopts an ugly conspiratorial tone when he [characteristics] the book 's popularity in the united states to its zionist message .

The LAT attributes the view to Rep James Sensenbrenner , chairman of the House Science Committee , that , in the paper 's paraphrase , `` NASA is now putting Foale 's life at risk . ''
the lat [characteristics] the view to rep james sensenbrenner , chairman of the house science committee , that , in the paper 's paraphrase , `` nasa is now putting foale 's life at risk . ''

Josephus attributes the argument to an Egyptian named Manetho who , in a counter-version to the Book of Exodus , asserted that the Hebrews were n't led out of Egyptian bondage by Moses .
josephus [characteristics] the argument to an egyptian named manetho who , in a counter-version to the book of exodus , asserted that the hebrews were n't led out of egyptian bondage by moses .

Worst of all , most of the lines that Reich attributes to Saxton -- starting with `` where did you learn economics , Mr .
worst of all , most of the lines that reich [characteristics] to saxton -- starting with `` where did you learn economics , mr .

The paper attributes this to the steep decline in the number of people on welfare , the states ' slowness to develop new welfare programs , and their desire to save money for the next recession .
the paper [characteristics] this to the steep decline in the number of people on welfare , the states ' slowness to develop new welfare programs , and their desire to save money for the next recession .

One wonders if a nobleman or a man-about-court could be such a keen observer of the creatures of the field and forest , sea and air , as Shakespeare , the naturalist of Warwickshire , who knew his flora and fauna as well as their many distinctive attributes .
one wonders if a nobleman or a man-about-court could be such a keen observer of the creatures of the field and forest , sea and air , as shakespeare , the naturalist of warwickshire , who knew his flora and fauna as well as their many distinctive [characteristics] .

Historic events and geographical attributes themselves frequently serve to promote many of these false etymologies .
historic events and geographical [characteristics] themselves frequently serve to promote many of these false etymologies .

They fell into three main categories : words for fools , idlers , and wastrels ; for people with other undesirable or downright anti-social attributes ; and for those with some physical disability .
they fell into three main categories : words for fools , idlers , and wastrels ; for people with other undesirable or downright anti-social [characteristics] ; and for those with some physical disability .

I do not , however , allow the sublimity or bathos of a setting to blind me to the attributes of its kitchen .
i do not , however , allow the sublimity or bathos of a setting to blind me to the [characteristics] of its kitchen .

Witness Chester Delaney [ XV , 1 ] who attributes “ lowing herd ” to Oliver Goldsmith instead of to Thomas Gray .
witness chester delaney [ xv , 1 ] who [characteristics] “ lowing herd ” to oliver goldsmith instead of to thomas gray .

That is not to say that technique is not involved , merely to observe that some dictionaries are better than others because their editors are more literate , imaginative , poetic , and generally possess those attributes with which we associate art rather than technique or mundane craftsmanship .
that is not to say that technique is not involved , merely to observe that some dictionaries are better than others because their editors are more literate , imaginative , poetic , and generally possess those [characteristics] with which we associate art rather than technique or mundane craftsmanship .

I suppose I must describe the book as a text , but it is well organized and interestingly and clearly written , both attributes lacking in so much that we see today .
i suppose i must describe the book as a text , but it is well organized and interestingly and clearly written , both [characteristics] lacking in so much that we see today .

I know I 'm not among the first to call attention to Dr. Dal Yoo 's error published in your Summer issue -- the one which attributes the “ WIN ” slogan to President Carter and the Democrats .
i know i 'm not among the first to call attention to dr. dal yoo 's error published in your summer issue -- the one which [characteristics] the “ win ” slogan to president carter and the democrats .

A contemporary might thus be inclined to imbue them with attributes that would give play possum a mysterious import .
a contemporary might thus be inclined to imbue them with [characteristics] that would give play possum a mysterious import .

One authority attributes the invention of the flushing WC to Joseph Bramah , in 1782 ; it is said that the quality of his work made his name a symbol of excellence and I have heard the expression , “ That 's a bramah , ’ so used .
one authority [characteristics] the invention of the flushing wc to joseph bramah , in 1782 ; it is said that the quality of his work made his name a symbol of excellence and i have heard the expression , “ that 's a bramah , ’ so used .

The OED incorrectly attributes the initial use of dementia to Philippe Pinel in 1806 : the word was first used in an English text in 1592 by Richard Cosin , Member of Parliament , in defense of the hanging of a conspirator against the monarchy .
the oed incorrectly [characteristics] the initial use of dementia to philippe pinel in 1806 : the word was first used in an english text in 1592 by richard cosin , member of parliament , in defense of the hanging of a conspirator against the monarchy .

Legend attributes it to a more or less imaginary eponymous founder Romulus , or , in a less familiar version , to a Trojan woman , Rhome ( whose name is a Greek word for ` strength ' ) .
legend [characteristics] it to a more or less imaginary eponymous founder romulus , or , in a less familiar version , to a trojan woman , rhome ( whose name is a greek word for ` strength ' ) .

