Each mode is believed to have a specific attribute -- one inducing pleasure , another generosity , another love , and so on , to include all of the emotions .
each mode is believed to have a specific [characteristic] -- one inducing pleasure , another generosity , another love , and so on , to include all of the emotions .

Lucretius has remarked : `` The reason why all Mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of God '' .
lucretius has remarked : `` the reason why all mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they [characteristic] to the will of god '' .

A differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the Kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their naive Kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion .
a differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet [characteristic] their naive kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion .

There does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax attribute or in terms of tax-avoidance possibilities .
there does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax [characteristic] or in terms of tax-avoidance possibilities .

One such disagreement , which will receive attention in this next chapter , concerns the question whether rates for different kinds of service , in order to avoid the attribute of discrimination , must be made directly proportional to marginal costs , or whether they should be based instead on differences in marginal costs .
one such disagreement , which will receive attention in this next chapter , concerns the question whether rates for different kinds of service , in order to avoid the [characteristic] of discrimination , must be made directly proportional to marginal costs , or whether they should be based instead on differences in marginal costs .

they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself .
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied [characteristic] and expropriated property detached from everything not itself .

To what do you attribute the improved form Malcolm ?
to what do you [characteristic] the improved form malcolm ?

facial attribute
facial [characteristic]

Before we learned the boys ' names they were referred to as the fair boy ; a positive attribute , and the fat boy ; a physical defect .
before we learned the boys ' names they were referred to as the fair boy ; a positive [characteristic] , and the fat boy ; a physical defect .

Even when subjects are selected for experiment not on the basis of extreme scores in the attribute being studied but on the scores of some correlated attribute , the same problem can arise .
even when subjects are selected for experiment not on the basis of extreme scores in the [characteristic] being studied but on the scores of some correlated [characteristic] , the same problem can arise .

But , for such an attribute , the difference could also be due to the greater psychological affinity between Is .
but , for such an [characteristic] , the difference could also be due to the greater psychological affinity between is .

Bias may be introduced by the time and place of the quota selection unbalancing the sample in respect of some unconsidered attribute such as employment status .
bias may be introduced by the time and place of the quota selection unbalancing the sample in respect of some unconsidered [characteristic] such as employment status .

Is it , can we attribute this sort of thing to the erm areas of drought , the areas of flooding that are occurring in various parts of the world at the moment , and all these sorts of things , and we have branches looking into this .
is it , can we [characteristic] this sort of thing to the erm areas of drought , the areas of flooding that are occurring in various parts of the world at the moment , and all these sorts of things , and we have branches looking into this .

Well you do get on very well with the students and they are very fond of you . What do you attribute this to ?
well you do get on very well with the students and they are very fond of you . what do you [characteristic] this to ?

And what do you actually attribute your long life to ?
and what do you actually [characteristic] your long life to ?

They suggest that a couple should be allowed to get divorced after one year without having to attribute blame for the split .
they suggest that a couple should be allowed to get divorced after one year without having to [characteristic] blame for the split .

Whichever the true cause ( and the mystery has never been entirely solved , the German official history still preferring to attribute the success to the sheer ‘ force ’ of the Bavarian attack ) , within four hours on the morning of March 20th the entire position fell , with negligible losses to the attackers .
whichever the true cause ( and the mystery has never been entirely solved , the german official history still preferring to [characteristic] the success to the sheer ‘ force ’ of the bavarian attack ) , within four hours on the morning of march 20th the entire position fell , with negligible losses to the attackers .

Mm . What did you attribute that to ?
mm . what did you [characteristic] that to ?

Rowland 's quick to understate his own importance as a guitarist , but he 's not prepared to attribute the host of apparent Howard derivatives entirely to synchronicity .
rowland 's quick to understate his own importance as a guitarist , but he 's not prepared to [characteristic] the host of apparent howard derivatives entirely to synchronicity .

Pointy-shaped guitars spell attitude and , presumably , the pointier the guitar , the more of this attribute it bestows upon its wearer .
pointy-shaped guitars spell attitude and , presumably , the pointier the guitar , the more of this [characteristic] it bestows upon its wearer .

On the face of it the statement ‘ God is Truth ’ seems to imply that Truth is an attribute or description of God , and in the first instance Gandhi was content to allow the phrase to be used in this way although it did not accurately reflect his position .
on the face of it the statement ‘ god is truth ’ seems to imply that truth is an [characteristic] or description of god , and in the first instance gandhi was content to allow the phrase to be used in this way although it did not accurately reflect his position .

That is , he considered the term God to be an appellation for Truth rather than the term Truth to be a description or attribute of God .
that is , he considered the term god to be an appellation for truth rather than the term truth to be a description or [characteristic] of god .

If a worshipper were to make a fetish of his stone or metal image , however , then that might correctly be construed as idolatry , but such an attitude has to be distinguished from the element of sacredness that worshippers often attribute to temples , churches and mosques or to books such as the Bible , the Koran or the Gītā .
if a worshipper were to make a fetish of his stone or metal image , however , then that might correctly be construed as idolatry , but such an attitude has to be distinguished from the element of sacredness that worshippers often [characteristic] to temples , churches and mosques or to books such as the bible , the koran or the gītā .

And to attribute knowledge of Truth to the voice of conscience in this way , or to the religious and ethical criteria of a particular form of life , inevitably brings Gandhi face to face with the problem of the relativity of truth and with the question whether under the circumstances one is justified in talking about absolute Truth at all .
and to [characteristic] knowledge of truth to the voice of conscience in this way , or to the religious and ethical criteria of a particular form of life , inevitably brings gandhi face to face with the problem of the relativity of truth and with the question whether under the circumstances one is justified in talking about absolute truth at all .

That controlling function is an attribute of the life force , and when that is withdrawn at death the whole complex biochemical organization falls into decay .
that controlling function is an [characteristic] of the life force , and when that is withdrawn at death the whole complex biochemical organization falls into decay .

This idea also correlates with the positions we ascribe to the various functions of the individual in that the physical outer layer is associated particularly with the digestive and generative processes in the abdominal region , emotions are associated with the heart in the thorax and thinking is an attribute of the brain in the head .
this idea also correlates with the positions we ascribe to the various functions of the individual in that the physical outer layer is associated particularly with the digestive and generative processes in the abdominal region , emotions are associated with the heart in the thorax and thinking is an [characteristic] of the brain in the head .

Back came the pompous reply : ‘ We never attribute emotions to Her Majesty . ’
back came the pompous reply : ‘ we never [characteristic] emotions to her majesty . ’

Some theorists identify a multitude of ‘ dialects ’ spoken within one legal system , while others point to changes in the process of law creation : traditional models tend to attribute this to parliament , government and the courts , whereas increasingly it involves those who are themselves subject to legal rules .
some theorists identify a multitude of ‘ dialects ’ spoken within one legal system , while others point to changes in the process of law creation : traditional models tend to [characteristic] this to parliament , government and the courts , whereas increasingly it involves those who are themselves subject to legal rules .

But , as one eminent Scottish judge pointed out in MacCormick v Lord Advocate ( above ) , why should it be assumed that successive reconstituted Parliaments at Westminster have inherited the attribute of ‘ sovereignty ’ peculiar ( and , as is above suggested , perhaps with a limited meaning even then ) to the English Parliament .
but , as one eminent scottish judge pointed out in maccormick v lord advocate ( above ) , why should it be assumed that successive reconstituted parliaments at westminster have inherited the [characteristic] of ‘ sovereignty ’ peculiar ( and , as is above suggested , perhaps with a limited meaning even then ) to the english parliament .

Without more detailed evidence , it is not possible to attribute the higher safety levels in new towns to particular causes .
without more detailed evidence , it is not possible to [characteristic] the higher safety levels in new towns to particular causes .

For example , we do not know whether we should attribute Stevenage 's low casualty rates ( 3.9 per 1,000 population in 1979 compared to 6.5 for British towns as a whole ) to its pedestrianised town centre , its extensive cycleway system or some other reason .
for example , we do not know whether we should [characteristic] stevenage 's low casualty rates ( 3.9 per 1,000 population in 1979 compared to 6.5 for british towns as a whole ) to its pedestrianised town centre , its extensive cycleway system or some other reason .

The most important attribute of any pedestrian network is clearly continuity of route , to provide safe and convenient access to all potential destinations .
the most important [characteristic] of any pedestrian network is clearly continuity of route , to provide safe and convenient access to all potential destinations .

He suggests that to attribute extra suffering to one particular factor — age , length of unemployment , marital status , etc .
he suggests that to [characteristic] extra suffering to one particular factor — age , length of unemployment , marital status , etc .

In an inquisitorial process of this kind lawyers do not stand out as good investigators ; they appear to be obsessed with the necessity to attribute blame .
in an inquisitorial process of this kind lawyers do not stand out as good investigators ; they appear to be obsessed with the necessity to [characteristic] blame .

The woman at the table had , he should imagine , once been quite good-looking , even beautiful , whereas no one , not even with the kindest instincts , could attribute any beauty to Maggie 's features .
the woman at the table had , he should imagine , once been quite good-looking , even beautiful , whereas no one , not even with the kindest instincts , could [characteristic] any beauty to maggie 's features .

Shall have his attribute to sing .
shall have his [characteristic] to sing .

Folklorists attribute various behaviours to Black Dogs ; most usually , those who have the misfortune of seeing one will die in the coming year .
folklorists [characteristic] various behaviours to black dogs ; most usually , those who have the misfortune of seeing one will die in the coming year .

Northern Australian Aborigines attribute all things in creation to twin boy gods named Bogadjimbri .
northern australian aborigines [characteristic] all things in creation to twin boy gods named bogadjimbri .

All report a passionate directness of response that they attribute to the setting and the pathology of the patients , but which probably has as much to do with social class .
all report a passionate directness of response that they [characteristic] to the setting and the pathology of the patients , but which probably has as much to do with social class .

And that was , at least in part , a consequence of another attribute that is highly marked in the man .
and that was , at least in part , a consequence of another [characteristic] that is highly marked in the man .

You could attribute this labour turnover problem in part to George 's inevitable absences .
you could [characteristic] this labour turnover problem in part to george 's inevitable absences .

You might be tempted to attribute it to lowish wage rates ( at the Brasserie ? )
you might be tempted to [characteristic] it to lowish wage rates ( at the brasserie ? )

It was the last attribute which especially bound her to him .
it was the last [characteristic] which especially bound her to him .

They tend to attribute their successes more to luck and less to ability than men , and to be more influenceable .
they tend to [characteristic] their successes more to luck and less to ability than men , and to be more influenceable .

It has to be recognized … that in order for the idea of tool to exist , there have to be ideas that are not in themselves tools , and that in order to attribute a certain value to a tool , it necessarily follows that not every value is that of a tool limited to the production of others .
it has to be recognized … that in order for the idea of tool to exist , there have to be ideas that are not in themselves tools , and that in order to [characteristic] a certain value to a tool , it necessarily follows that not every value is that of a tool limited to the production of others .

This extract from McCormick 's book could easily be mistaken for the work of almost any of the ‘ attribute school ’ writers .
this extract from mccormick 's book could easily be mistaken for the work of almost any of the ‘ [characteristic] school ’ writers .

Freidson 's discussion of professionalisation begins with an important aspect of profession often ignored by the ‘ attribute school ’ .
freidson 's discussion of professionalisation begins with an important aspect of profession often ignored by the ‘ [characteristic] school ’ .

This is why the attribute game has provided endless fun , if not profit , to sociologists .
this is why the [characteristic] game has provided endless fun , if not profit , to sociologists .

Finally , at the level of the cortex , information is relayed in parallel streams to a set of cortical areas , each of which is devoted to analysing a particular attribute of the visual field , such as colour or stereoscopic depth .
finally , at the level of the cortex , information is relayed in parallel streams to a set of cortical areas , each of which is devoted to analysing a particular [characteristic] of the visual field , such as colour or stereoscopic depth .

It was usually solved by arguing that our visual systems use our knowledge of the identity of objects we are looking at to dictate the colours we attribute to them , independently of the wavelength information available at the retina .
it was usually solved by arguing that our visual systems use our knowledge of the identity of objects we are looking at to dictate the colours we [characteristic] to them , independently of the wavelength information available at the retina .

That is , he can attribute beliefs , desires , intentions , and so forth in giving a simpler account of a complex matter .
that is , he can [characteristic] beliefs , desires , intentions , and so forth in giving a simpler account of a complex matter .

He might perhaps attribute the incompleteness of his account to the fact that he is a ‘ bourgeois ’ subject , who can only glimpse an alternative view ofthe individual ; but this defence is still a problem , for even a glimpse suggests that the ISAs of the capitalist totality may be more or less effective , and this variation will have to be explained .
he might perhaps [characteristic] the incompleteness of his account to the fact that he is a ‘ bourgeois ’ subject , who can only glimpse an alternative view ofthe individual ; but this defence is still a problem , for even a glimpse suggests that the isas of the capitalist totality may be more or less effective , and this variation will have to be explained .

If we are to attribute to social classes the capacity to perceive their interests , we shall have to analyse this property .
if we are to [characteristic] to social classes the capacity to perceive their interests , we shall have to analyse this property .

The crux of this argument is the contention that it is impossible to attribute consciousness of its interests to a class ( even to the revolutionary proletariat ) , without interpreting this notion in terms of the intentional properties of its members .
the crux of this argument is the contention that it is impossible to [characteristic] consciousness of its interests to a class ( even to the revolutionary proletariat ) , without interpreting this notion in terms of the intentional properties of its members .

Now let us take Midgley at her word and ask what Griffin , as a representative scientist specialising in the field of animal thinking , has to tell us about possibly the most basic attribute of all animals , namely , consciousness .
now let us take midgley at her word and ask what griffin , as a representative scientist specialising in the field of animal thinking , has to tell us about possibly the most basic [characteristic] of all animals , namely , consciousness .

Kenny disagrees : ‘ Anthropomorphism comes in only if we attribute to [ animals ] concepts whose possession can not be manifested by recognition and non-verbal reaction ‘ ( 1975 : 51 ) .
kenny disagrees : ‘ anthropomorphism comes in only if we [characteristic] to [ animals ] concepts whose possession can not be manifested by recognition and non-verbal reaction ‘ ( 1975 : 51 ) .

It builds on the argument in the preceding section where it was argued that because the cat sees and tries to extricate the ball stuck in the tree , it thereby manifests only those minimal beliefs that we would attribute directly to a human being in similar circumstances .
it builds on the argument in the preceding section where it was argued that because the cat sees and tries to extricate the ball stuck in the tree , it thereby manifests only those minimal beliefs that we would [characteristic] directly to a human being in similar circumstances .

We have rational grounds to attribute a grasp of our concept of a bone to Fido ’ ( 63 ) .
we have rational grounds to [characteristic] a grasp of our concept of a bone to fido ’ ( 63 ) .

Even the enthusiasm of a Maury Temerlin ( 1976 ) does not tempt him to attribute this level of sophistication to Ameslan Lucy ; in part , for the obvious reason , that she would then be at risk to what is on the other side of this coin — moral guilt .
even the enthusiasm of a maury temerlin ( 1976 ) does not tempt him to [characteristic] this level of sophistication to ameslan lucy ; in part , for the obvious reason , that she would then be at risk to what is on the other side of this coin — moral guilt .

These are the only rights of persons ( we can certainly call them rights since they are protected by law ) that it is necessary and makes sense to attribute to the infant now .
these are the only rights of persons ( we can certainly call them rights since they are protected by law ) that it is necessary and makes sense to [characteristic] to the infant now .

In a conflict situation , have you ever behaved badly towards anyone else ; intentionally or unintentionally heaping upon them the blame you attribute to any of the figures you 've just thought about and identified ?
in a conflict situation , have you ever behaved badly towards anyone else ; intentionally or unintentionally heaping upon them the blame you [characteristic] to any of the figures you 've just thought about and identified ?

If the parents do not know what has happened they should either not interfere in the upset or equally attribute blame knowing that a row can not happen without two parties being involved .
if the parents do not know what has happened they should either not interfere in the upset or equally [characteristic] blame knowing that a row can not happen without two parties being involved .

The significance of the adult 's capacity to attribute meaning to actions which are not performed with communicative intent lies in the learning opportunities which are created by the adult response .
the significance of the adult 's capacity to [characteristic] meaning to actions which are not performed with communicative intent lies in the learning opportunities which are created by the adult response .

However , when this approach is used with single children or with small groups , it may still not be possible to attribute any observed changes in the child 's language to the effect of the intervention .
however , when this approach is used with single children or with small groups , it may still not be possible to [characteristic] any observed changes in the child 's language to the effect of the intervention .

In this kind of evaluation of change over time , it is argued that it is easier to attribute changes directly to the planned intervention , since it is unlikely that other experiences to which the child might be exposed would produce the same pattern of differential progress across different aspects of language .
in this kind of evaluation of change over time , it is argued that it is easier to [characteristic] changes directly to the planned intervention , since it is unlikely that other experiences to which the child might be exposed would produce the same pattern of differential progress across different aspects of language .

In the representation of the extended semantic net in the computer a caption attribute is added .
in the representation of the extended semantic net in the computer a caption [characteristic] is added .

Accordingly , the representation of a link object was expanded to include the attribute ‘ title ’ .
accordingly , the representation of a link object was expanded to include the [characteristic] ‘ title ’ .

As the printing program traverses the semantic net and generates headings on paper , it first looks for a ‘ title ’ attribute .
as the printing program traverses the semantic net and generates headings on paper , it first looks for a ‘ title ’ [characteristic] .

If there is no ‘ title ’ attribute , then the node name is used .
if there is no ‘ title ’ [characteristic] , then the node name is used .

Success or failure is indicated by the value for the logical attribute link.status .
success or failure is indicated by the value for the logical [characteristic] link.status .

The attribute relevance can be used to record the desirability of taking a particular route .
the [characteristic] relevance can be used to record the desirability of taking a particular route .

The attribute citing.text.id represents the involuted relationship cites of Figure 4 and is used as a backward reference point to enable the user to perform backwards and for-wards tracking through the text .
the [characteristic] citing.text.id represents the involuted relationship cites of figure 4 and is used as a backward reference point to enable the user to perform backwards and for-wards tracking through the text .

The attribute pair citing.text.id and cited.text.id is exactly equivalent to ref.id defined earlier in the Taxis-like symbolic key definition of Figure 2 .
the [characteristic] pair citing.text.id and cited.text.id is exactly equivalent to ref.id defined earlier in the taxis-like symbolic key definition of figure 2 .

For someone of this persuasion , who does not want to attribute everything to the workings of power , the problem obviously arises of why the sexes should have distinctive linguistic subcultures at all .
for someone of this persuasion , who does not want to [characteristic] everything to the workings of power , the problem obviously arises of why the sexes should have distinctive linguistic subcultures at all .

They insist over and over again that women 's supportiveness , for example , is a positive rather than a negative attribute .
they insist over and over again that women 's supportiveness , for example , is a positive rather than a negative [characteristic] .

Dr David Tregoning , who led the probe , said : ‘ Patients were refused admission to the unit but it is difficult to attribute the deaths to that directly .
dr david tregoning , who led the probe , said : ‘ patients were refused admission to the unit but it is difficult to [characteristic] the deaths to that directly .

Other jingo socialists went so far as to attribute the same view to Winston Churchill , quoting him as saying :
other jingo socialists went so far as to [characteristic] the same view to winston churchill , quoting him as saying :

Specialising in sprinting and American football , Fitzsimmons developed fast legs and upper body strenth , an attribute enhanced by his days as a blacksmith .
specialising in sprinting and american football , fitzsimmons developed fast legs and upper body strenth , an [characteristic] enhanced by his days as a blacksmith .

Sakti is thus female , or feminine ; a life-giving , nurturing , non-aggressive , loving force , and if western science is ever able to grasp the fact that human consciousness is an attribute of that same energy and not the result of physical , biochemical reactions , it could dispel the ever-increasing aggression , personal greed and psychosis that is pervading our present society like a cancer .
sakti is thus female , or feminine ; a life-giving , nurturing , non-aggressive , loving force , and if western science is ever able to grasp the fact that human consciousness is an [characteristic] of that same energy and not the result of physical , biochemical reactions , it could dispel the ever-increasing aggression , personal greed and psychosis that is pervading our present society like a cancer .

Interpretations fall into two broad categories : those which emphasize conflict between Indian and British cultural values , and those which attribute the difficulties of the courts to the nature of disputes in South Asian society .
interpretations fall into two broad categories : those which emphasize conflict between indian and british cultural values , and those which [characteristic] the difficulties of the courts to the nature of disputes in south asian society .

Kidder and Mendelsohn , on the other hand , attribute litigiousness and perjury to an exceptional amount of hostility and conflict in South Asian society , but they fail to explain why this aggression was channelled into formal litigation .
kidder and mendelsohn , on the other hand , [characteristic] litigiousness and perjury to an exceptional amount of hostility and conflict in south asian society , but they fail to explain why this aggression was channelled into formal litigation .

He was strong enough now to attribute the man 's parting shot about his drawings to sheer malice .
he was strong enough now to [characteristic] the man 's parting shot about his drawings to sheer malice .

We never attribute any goodwill to the minority interest ( since they are not a party to the transaction ) nor attempt to extrapolate the group 's goodwill to establish a theoretical goodwill attributable to the minority interest .
we never [characteristic] any goodwill to the minority interest ( since they are not a party to the transaction ) nor attempt to extrapolate the group 's goodwill to establish a theoretical goodwill attributable to the minority interest .

It is considered a separate family of the Cercopithecoidea by some on the basis of its teeth , while others attribute it to a separate family of the Hominoidea on the basis of its postcrania .
it is considered a separate family of the cercopithecoidea by some on the basis of its teeth , while others [characteristic] it to a separate family of the hominoidea on the basis of its postcrania .

With the exception of deeply divided societies such as Northern Ireland , it has tended in practice to be very difficult to attribute more than the most limited amount of crime to any kind of underlying ideological commitment .
with the exception of deeply divided societies such as northern ireland , it has tended in practice to be very difficult to [characteristic] more than the most limited amount of crime to any kind of underlying ideological commitment .

Not until 1886 did an Italian art critic attribute the work to Lombardo .
not until 1886 did an italian art critic [characteristic] the work to lombardo .

Some attribute this surge of investment to ties of family and culture which helped Chinese living in Taiwan and Hong Kong to invest in countries like Indonesia and Thailand , where ethnic Chinese dominate commerce .
some [characteristic] this surge of investment to ties of family and culture which helped chinese living in taiwan and hong kong to invest in countries like indonesia and thailand , where ethnic chinese dominate commerce .

Sacredness as an attribute is not absolute ; it is brought into play by the nature of particular situations ’ , existing in both space ( such as the movement to and from town , or to a foreign country ) , and time ( between birth and initiation , say ) .
sacredness as an [characteristic] is not absolute ; it is brought into play by the nature of particular situations ’ , existing in both space ( such as the movement to and from town , or to a foreign country ) , and time ( between birth and initiation , say ) .

Some conservationists attribute the fast decline in their population to the collapse of the Soviet Union .
some conservationists [characteristic] the fast decline in their population to the collapse of the soviet union .

Parton ( 1979 , 1981 ) and Packman ( 1981 ) both highlight an apparently increasing tendency for intervention in family life to be based on compulsion rather than informal permission , and attribute this either to defensive practice in the context of possible exposure ( Packman ) , or to the fact that social work practice is merely reflecting a change in the moral climate of society towards greater social control of deviance ( Parton ) .
parton ( 1979 , 1981 ) and packman ( 1981 ) both highlight an apparently increasing tendency for intervention in family life to be based on compulsion rather than informal permission , and [characteristic] this either to defensive practice in the context of possible exposure ( packman ) , or to the fact that social work practice is merely reflecting a change in the moral climate of society towards greater social control of deviance ( parton ) .

Parents , on the other hand , however much they have suffered at school , or even if they left it with a sense of failure , usually attribute the shortcomings to themselves rather than to the system , and thus find it difficult to envisage school in any form other than the one that they themselves experienced .
parents , on the other hand , however much they have suffered at school , or even if they left it with a sense of failure , usually [characteristic] the shortcomings to themselves rather than to the system , and thus find it difficult to envisage school in any form other than the one that they themselves experienced .

We attribute the quality , whiteness , to the object in virtue of its exciting the sensations .
we [characteristic] the quality , whiteness , to the object in virtue of its exciting the sensations .

The attribute whiteness ( it may be said ) is not the fact of receiving the sensation , but something in the object itself ; a power inherent in it ; something in virtue of which the object produces the sensation ’ .
the [characteristic] whiteness ( it may be said ) is not the fact of receiving the sensation , but something in the object itself ; a power inherent in it ; something in virtue of which the object produces the sensation ’ .

If this were so , then any inclination we may have to think that the heat we attribute to external objects and the bodily sensation of being hot must be alike derives from our using the same word for a quality of external objects and for a sensation , and not vice versa .
if this were so , then any inclination we may have to think that the heat we [characteristic] to external objects and the bodily sensation of being hot must be alike derives from our using the same word for a quality of external objects and for a sensation , and not vice versa .

It does not do to attribute human motives to animals but Billy said afterwards that it was as if she was reluctant to leave and did not expect to be back .
it does not do to [characteristic] human motives to animals but billy said afterwards that it was as if she was reluctant to leave and did not expect to be back .

We can therefore attribute some similarities of grammar to universal properties of language , whether spoken or signed .
we can therefore [characteristic] some similarities of grammar to universal properties of language , whether spoken or signed .

This inability to ‘ sell ’ the product ( confident , well-motivated , learning children ) contrasted with the methods of those who were prepared to attribute to schools and teachers most of the ills of contemporary society .
this inability to ‘ sell ’ the product ( confident , well-motivated , learning children ) contrasted with the methods of those who were prepared to [characteristic] to schools and teachers most of the ills of contemporary society .

When industry seems to be failing , the politically quick-witted can attribute much of the problem to schools and their inability to prepare children adequately for the world of work .
when industry seems to be failing , the politically quick-witted can [characteristic] much of the problem to schools and their inability to prepare children adequately for the world of work .

The balance and integration of capacities and skills is achieved by the third attribute of aspirations .
the balance and integration of capacities and skills is achieved by the third [characteristic] of aspirations .

The most flexible attribute is the skills , these can be developed or changed in line with capacities and aspirations .
the most flexible [characteristic] is the skills , these can be developed or changed in line with capacities and aspirations .

Over a period of three hundred years , black people have achieved a growing presence in sport in Britain yet it seems pathetic that we have no account for it apart from reference to the mysterious attribute called natural ability .
over a period of three hundred years , black people have achieved a growing presence in sport in britain yet it seems pathetic that we have no account for it apart from reference to the mysterious [characteristic] called natural ability .

Thus statements in the text material which attribute spatial differences to ‘ different kinds of people ’ , or government planning , or factors of location such as the availability and stability of a labour market , have arbitrarily stopped the causal chain at a point which omits social , economic and political considerations . To claim that explanation in geography can go no further is only to say that it is inadequate to its task , and ignores the fact that many geographers are going further :
thus statements in the text material which [characteristic] spatial differences to ‘ different kinds of people ’ , or government planning , or factors of location such as the availability and stability of a labour market , have arbitrarily stopped the causal chain at a point which omits social , economic and political considerations . to claim that explanation in geography can go no further is only to say that it is inadequate to its task , and ignores the fact that many geographers are going further :

Ironically , the attribute on which young people do best relative to older workers is specific educational qualifications which actually comes bottom of the employers ' list of essential attributes , being mentioned by only 2 per cent of employers ! In fact , employers give all the educational attributes a low priority .
ironically , the [characteristic] on which young people do best relative to older workers is specific educational qualifications which actually comes bottom of the employers ' list of essential attributes , being mentioned by only 2 per cent of employers ! in fact , employers give all the educational attributes a low priority .

Such vision is an unusual attribute , but one which the artist maintains has been with him since a very young age .
such vision is an unusual [characteristic] , but one which the artist maintains has been with him since a very young age .

But even where a clear cause can be established — for example , a child with severe brain damage , or one with a serious sensory or motor disorder — it would be simplistic to attribute all the child 's learning difficulties to the basic impairment alone .
but even where a clear cause can be established — for example , a child with severe brain damage , or one with a serious sensory or motor disorder — it would be simplistic to [characteristic] all the child 's learning difficulties to the basic impairment alone .

The Croll and Moses survey of junior school practice confirms that teachers still tend to attribute many children 's difficulties to adverse home circumstances . How many times have we heard comments along the lines of ‘ What can you expect from a child from that kind of family ? ’ Is this not a form of stereotyping at least as damaging as racist and sexist attitudes ?
the croll and moses survey of junior school practice confirms that teachers still tend to [characteristic] many children 's difficulties to adverse home circumstances . how many times have we heard comments along the lines of ‘ what can you expect from a child from that kind of family ? ’ is this not a form of stereotyping at least as damaging as racist and sexist attitudes ?

Marsh and Campbell ( 1982 ) attribute the lack of progress to a number of factors , including the difficulty of studying aggression both in laboratory and naturalistic settings , and to the compartmentalization of the academic world which leads to lack of communication across disciplines .
marsh and campbell ( 1982 ) [characteristic] the lack of progress to a number of factors , including the difficulty of studying aggression both in laboratory and naturalistic settings , and to the compartmentalization of the academic world which leads to lack of communication across disciplines .

Westerners , on the other hand , attribute to themselves many characteristics they most dislike and , moreover , grant these a powerful explanatory role .
westerners , on the other hand , [characteristic] to themselves many characteristics they most dislike and , moreover , grant these a powerful explanatory role .

They may attribute unattractive and negatively valued characteristics to their enemies or neighbours , but most certainly not to themselves .
they may [characteristic] unattractive and negatively valued characteristics to their enemies or neighbours , but most certainly not to themselves .

Yet Robin Fox , who works from within a socio-biological framework , concedes , rather surprisingly , that ‘ symbol-making is as much a human attribute as sex and food ’ ( 1982 : 13 ) .
yet robin fox , who works from within a socio-biological framework , concedes , rather surprisingly , that ‘ symbol-making is as much a human [characteristic] as sex and food ’ ( 1982 : 13 ) .

To explain this , quarks were endowed with an attribute called color .
to explain this , quarks were endowed with an [characteristic] called color .

They attribute it to the class differences in staying on at school and they point to the similarity in performance of working-class candidates who do take public examinations with other candidates .
they [characteristic] it to the class differences in staying on at school and they point to the similarity in performance of working-class candidates who do take public examinations with other candidates .

It was strange that a man of considerable intellect could give so much attention and attribute such importance to a press which was wholly influenced at all times by political considerations .
it was strange that a man of considerable intellect could give so much attention and [characteristic] such importance to a press which was wholly influenced at all times by political considerations .

Any attempt to generalize about the English village is therefore regarded as an affront : bland uniformity is an attribute of the urban population , but the English village is believed to be resistant to any summary .
any attempt to generalize about the english village is therefore regarded as an affront : bland uniformity is an [characteristic] of the urban population , but the english village is believed to be resistant to any summary .

There is much evidence to suggest that disability may be just one attribute which is considered undesirable in members of the health and caring professions ; race and class discrimination are well documented ( Young , 1981 ; Watkins , 1987 ; Baxter , 1988 ) and gender discrimination is also marked ( Young , 1981 ) .
there is much evidence to suggest that disability may be just one [characteristic] which is considered undesirable in members of the health and caring professions ; race and class discrimination are well documented ( young , 1981 ; watkins , 1987 ; baxter , 1988 ) and gender discrimination is also marked ( young , 1981 ) .

The possession of power by companies is principally an attribute of size , and so the companies with which this book is concerned are usually large both in absolute terms and in relation to the industry or industries in which they operate .
the possession of power by companies is principally an [characteristic] of size , and so the companies with which this book is concerned are usually large both in absolute terms and in relation to the industry or industries in which they operate .

We turn now to a type of power that is more specifically an attribute of large companies , and which is our central concern .
we turn now to a type of power that is more specifically an [characteristic] of large companies , and which is our central concern .

However , this means that every attribute has to be specified .
however , this means that every [characteristic] has to be specified .

It was pointed out earlier that one difficulty in using inverted files is the need to deal with all the records possessing a given attribute at the same time , so that a great deal of working space is required in main storage .
it was pointed out earlier that one difficulty in using inverted files is the need to deal with all the records possessing a given [characteristic] at the same time , so that a great deal of working space is required in main storage .

This is reduced if there are many possible attributes because each attribute index list will tend to be shorter .
this is reduced if there are many possible attributes because each [characteristic] index list will tend to be shorter .

Addition of a new record will mean that a number of indexes will have to be updated , one for each attribute possessed by the new record .
addition of a new record will mean that a number of indexes will have to be updated , one for each [characteristic] possessed by the new record .

In this analysis , people do not attribute legitimacy to authority because they recognize its claim to a foundation in some principle or source outside itself .
in this analysis , people do not [characteristic] legitimacy to authority because they recognize its claim to a foundation in some principle or source outside itself .

Ordinarily we attribute such repeated failure to a lack of skill .
ordinarily we [characteristic] such repeated failure to a lack of skill .

Rather than attribute this either to cultural explanations of an over-socialized kind or to market explanations which are under-socialized , the chapter has built upon the earlier discussion of Japanese specificity in order to develop a power/institutions model for this analysis .
rather than [characteristic] this either to cultural explanations of an over-socialized kind or to market explanations which are under-socialized , the chapter has built upon the earlier discussion of japanese specificity in order to develop a power/institutions model for this analysis .

In philosophy , for example , there are numerous discussions of objects which refer to some observed attribute or perceptual property pertaining to things as such , but books with titles such as Words and Things ( e.g .
in philosophy , for example , there are numerous discussions of objects which refer to some observed [characteristic] or perceptual property pertaining to things as such , but books with titles such as words and things ( e.g .

Thus the goodness which is associated with the good breast may be preserved and protected by being introjected , to appear as an attribute of self ; but if the infant 's anxiety is aroused by its own feelings of frustration and hatred , the same good object may be projected outwards in order to protect it from the overwhelming badness which the infant feels to be within itself .
thus the goodness which is associated with the good breast may be preserved and protected by being introjected , to appear as an [characteristic] of self ; but if the infant 's anxiety is aroused by its own feelings of frustration and hatred , the same good object may be projected outwards in order to protect it from the overwhelming badness which the infant feels to be within itself .

Although structuralism , in its extension of the Kantian position , has constantly asserted the cultural nature of those natural phenomena which impinge upon us only through being assimilated by our own categorizing processes , these may still be differentiated from artefacts , within which such a system of categorization is an inherent attribute .
although structuralism , in its extension of the kantian position , has constantly asserted the cultural nature of those natural phenomena which impinge upon us only through being assimilated by our own categorizing processes , these may still be differentiated from artefacts , within which such a system of categorization is an inherent [characteristic] .

They also desired to emulate that other class for whom time and birth had provided legitimacy , and for whom wealth appeared as a natural attribute rather than a possibly transient accretion .
they also desired to emulate that other class for whom time and birth had provided legitimacy , and for whom wealth appeared as a natural [characteristic] rather than a possibly transient accretion .

As a modern social analyst , Bourdieu is exemplary in his refusal to reduce his model of society to any single social attribute .
as a modern social analyst , bourdieu is exemplary in his refusal to reduce his model of society to any single social [characteristic] .

But the identity which a region gives — through collective institutions such as its legal , educational and political systems — can not be provided by individuals alone , through the meanings which they attribute to their lifeworlds : ‘ In this respect the regions contain an explicit collective dimension which has relative independence , being continually reproduced by institutionally embedded power relations that influence the socialization of individuals ’ ( p. 139 ) .
but the identity which a region gives — through collective institutions such as its legal , educational and political systems — can not be provided by individuals alone , through the meanings which they [characteristic] to their lifeworlds : ‘ in this respect the regions contain an explicit collective dimension which has relative independence , being continually reproduced by institutionally embedded power relations that influence the socialization of individuals ’ ( p. 139 ) .

The reason for this is that we want to be able to attribute all changes of meaning on substitution to differences in the semantic properties of the items being substituted .
the reason for this is that we want to be able to [characteristic] all changes of meaning on substitution to differences in the semantic properties of the items being substituted .

Second , it is commonly the case that what is highlighted or backgrounded is an attribute , or range of attributes , of the entity referred to .
second , it is commonly the case that what is highlighted or backgrounded is an [characteristic] , or range of attributes , of the entity referred to .

She does not , like Repton , attribute ‘ the increase of novel or fantastic edifices ’ simply to the increase of new fortunes and a corresponding decay in the old families .
she does not , like repton , [characteristic] ‘ the increase of novel or fantastic edifices ’ simply to the increase of new fortunes and a corresponding decay in the old families .

The question then arises whether it is right to attribute to Parliament as a whole the same intention as that repeatedly voiced by the Financial Secretary .
the question then arises whether it is right to [characteristic] to parliament as a whole the same intention as that repeatedly voiced by the financial secretary .

Thus , if a blind hole is to be created then an attribute must be defined which will provide a unique association between the hole and block .
thus , if a blind hole is to be created then an [characteristic] must be defined which will provide a unique association between the hole and block .

This is achieved by declaring an attribute which establishes a touching relationship only with another space domain .
this is achieved by declaring an [characteristic] which establishes a touching relationship only with another space domain .

This attribute is also declared for the block , together with an attribute declaring that the domain of the space contains a solid .
this [characteristic] is also declared for the block , together with an [characteristic] declaring that the domain of the space contains a solid .

If the associations are extended to include a pin inserted into the hole in the block then a new attribute needs to be defined as follows .
if the associations are extended to include a pin inserted into the hole in the block then a new [characteristic] needs to be defined as follows .

Thus , the attribute description would relate to the association of prescribed entities , surfaces or Boolean space operations .
thus , the [characteristic] description would relate to the association of prescribed entities , surfaces or boolean space operations .

Attribute , describes the relationship of the hole to the block whilst , gives the assembly of the pin in the hole .
[characteristic] , describes the relationship of the hole to the block whilst , gives the assembly of the pin in the hole .

The functionality of the components , whilst existing within the geometric intersection , is declared as an attribute which exists in each of the sets describing the mating ( or associating ) parts .
the functionality of the components , whilst existing within the geometric intersection , is declared as an [characteristic] which exists in each of the sets describing the mating ( or associating ) parts .

The attribute , describing the spherical seating of the lever into the cover , is assigned to both sets as attribute .
the [characteristic] , describing the spherical seating of the lever into the cover , is assigned to both sets as [characteristic] .

Also , the attribute denoted as exists in both sets assigned to the lever and passenger compartment , and may be used to detail the conic space and internal `` track `` declared to be acceptable for manual operation of the gear lever .
also , the [characteristic] denoted as exists in both sets assigned to the lever and passenger compartment , and may be used to detail the conic space and internal `` track `` declared to be acceptable for manual operation of the gear lever .

Through the hierarchical assembly of geometric domains , the relationship of all piece-parts are established and , via the attribute sets , their functionality can now be determined and checked .
through the hierarchical assembly of geometric domains , the relationship of all piece-parts are established and , via the [characteristic] sets , their functionality can now be determined and checked .

Using this hierarchical file , the functionality of any assembly can be determined , first by establishing that the internal attribute conditions are satisfied ( ie lever-to-cover correct ) , then by checking that any component-to-external attribute relationship is correct ( ie lever-to-passenger compartment ) , and finally establishing that any attribute associated directly with the assembly is acceptable ( ie the attribute declared for the gearbox ) .
using this hierarchical file , the functionality of any assembly can be determined , first by establishing that the internal [characteristic] conditions are satisfied ( ie lever-to-cover correct ) , then by checking that any component-to-external [characteristic] relationship is correct ( ie lever-to-passenger compartment ) , and finally establishing that any [characteristic] associated directly with the assembly is acceptable ( ie the [characteristic] declared for the gearbox ) .

Prior to there being a detailed component to carry the specific attribute , the relationship can only be made to the assembly space .
prior to there being a detailed component to carry the specific [characteristic] , the relationship can only be made to the assembly space .

The attribute Ag2 associates the gear-lever to the cover and can thus be resolved internally .
the [characteristic] ag2 associates the gear-lever to the cover and can thus be resolved internally .

The attribute on the other hand , associates the gear-lever to the passenger compartment and is thus an external association , as is which is only applied to the assembly ( not to individual parts ) .
the [characteristic] on the other hand , associates the gear-lever to the passenger compartment and is thus an external association , as is which is only applied to the assembly ( not to individual parts ) .

No details of attribute have been specified , so it could be considered as an external influence on the assembly , termed `` car sub-space `` , and thus be reflected further up the system .
no details of [characteristic] have been specified , so it could be considered as an external influence on the assembly , termed `` car sub-space `` , and thus be reflected further up the system .

Additional elements can be created for any attribute simply by declaring it to be a member of that set .
additional elements can be created for any [characteristic] simply by declaring it to be a member of that set .

The type of information held is dependent upon the attribute classification , which also determines the drawing file location .
the type of information held is dependent upon the [characteristic] classification , which also determines the drawing file location .

The where used file shows this attribute together with the master sub-assembly in which the part is included .
the where used file shows this [characteristic] together with the master sub-assembly in which the part is included .

Control over the designing of new parts and modification of existing parts is maintained by attribute allocation and the where used file .
control over the designing of new parts and modification of existing parts is maintained by [characteristic] allocation and the where used file .

The where used look-up file provides cross-reference information on the occurrence of individual parts and their attribute classification .
the where used look-up file provides cross-reference information on the occurrence of individual parts and their [characteristic] classification .

Another attribute class used in the example is type variable , parts 9 and 10 being shown in Figure 6.33 .
another [characteristic] class used in the example is type variable , parts 9 and 10 being shown in figure 6.33 .

The chief attribute of all reports should be brief , clear and precise English .
the chief [characteristic] of all reports should be brief , clear and precise english .

The second attribute is that each paragraph should have as a first sentence a brief statement or at least an indication of what the paragraph is to consider .
the second [characteristic] is that each paragraph should have as a first sentence a brief statement or at least an indication of what the paragraph is to consider .

The third attribute is that the final sentence in a paragraph should , ideally , form a link and a lead-in to what is to be discussed in the next paragraph .
the third [characteristic] is that the final sentence in a paragraph should , ideally , form a link and a lead-in to what is to be discussed in the next paragraph .

The emergence of new phrases is continuous ; this is an attribute of a vigorous and developing language .
the emergence of new phrases is continuous ; this is an [characteristic] of a vigorous and developing language .

However , as with the tachistoscopic paradigm , left-right ear differences in dichotic listening scores are far more labile than one would expect if ear asymmetry is an index of some fixed structural attribute ( Teng , 1981 ) .
however , as with the tachistoscopic paradigm , left-right ear differences in dichotic listening scores are far more labile than one would expect if ear asymmetry is an index of some fixed structural [characteristic] ( teng , 1981 ) .

Laterality effects in normals are notoriously sensitive to experimental manipulations that ought not to be influential if what is being measured is some fixed attribute of cerebral organisation .
laterality effects in normals are notoriously sensitive to experimental manipulations that ought not to be influential if what is being measured is some fixed [characteristic] of cerebral organisation .

It has been argued that this visual route to word recognition is an attribute of the right hemisphere ( Saffran , Bogyo , Schwartz and Marin , 1980 ) .
it has been argued that this visual route to word recognition is an [characteristic] of the right hemisphere ( saffran , bogyo , schwartz and marin , 1980 ) .

This is due to the fact that they may attribute different weight to the various values , and also may apply the same criterion differently in the same concrete situation .
this is due to the fact that they may [characteristic] different weight to the various values , and also may apply the same criterion differently in the same concrete situation .

It has been an axiom of historical interpretation to attribute the failure of reform , in its eighteenth- and nineteenth-century forms , to the absence of a Spanish ‘ middle class ’ .
it has been an axiom of historical interpretation to [characteristic] the failure of reform , in its eighteenth- and nineteenth-century forms , to the absence of a spanish ‘ middle class ’ .

Indeed , there is a strong tendency to attribute primary causal importance to the actions of political leaders .
indeed , there is a strong tendency to [characteristic] primary causal importance to the actions of political leaders .

While Soviet , liberal and libertarian accounts each attribute a role of enormous importance to the intelligenty , they differ profoundly over the significance of that role .
while soviet , liberal and libertarian accounts each [characteristic] a role of enormous importance to the intelligenty , they differ profoundly over the significance of that role .

If it had been anyone else who had probed into her private feelings , Alice might have been angry , but this man had become a kind of father-figure to her these past years , and despite the motives Jules might attribute to him , she truly believed her employer had her well-being at heart .
if it had been anyone else who had probed into her private feelings , alice might have been angry , but this man had become a kind of father-figure to her these past years , and despite the motives jules might [characteristic] to him , she truly believed her employer had her well-being at heart .

How many attribute health to exercise , rest , going to the doctor ?
how many [characteristic] health to exercise , rest , going to the doctor ?

The study also found tribunals frequently willing to attribute some contribution to the dismissal to the employee , which operates like a finding of contributory negligence to reduce the compensation payable .
the study also found tribunals frequently willing to [characteristic] some contribution to the dismissal to the employee , which operates like a finding of contributory negligence to reduce the compensation payable .

The reaction of parents to infants , and of friends to the speech of those who are gravely ill , is to attribute meaning to any murmur which can be interpreted as relevant to the context of situation , and , if at all possible , to interpret what appears to be being said as constituting a coherent message , permitting the hearer to construct a coherent interpretation .
the reaction of parents to infants , and of friends to the speech of those who are gravely ill , is to [characteristic] meaning to any murmur which can be interpreted as relevant to the context of situation , and , if at all possible , to interpret what appears to be being said as constituting a coherent message , permitting the hearer to construct a coherent interpretation .

The natural effort of hearers and readers alike is to attribute relevance and coherence to the text they encounter until they are forced not to .
the natural effort of hearers and readers alike is to [characteristic] relevance and coherence to the text they encounter until they are forced not to .

Because of the intention still to present Ian and Barbara as calm , balanced individuals , this attribute was thought best foisted on the teenage character .
because of the intention still to present ian and barbara as calm , balanced individuals , this [characteristic] was thought best foisted on the teenage character .

She was going to have every physical attribute you could possibly imagine : a kind of step-up from the Avengers Honor Blackman lady — doing all sorts of physical stunts , judo and karate .
she was going to have every physical [characteristic] you could possibly imagine : a kind of step-up from the avengers honor blackman lady — doing all sorts of physical stunts , judo and karate .

Perhaps Bénéteau 's policy is to popularise their products by being able to attribute them to household names in the world of fashion and design .
perhaps bénéteau 's policy is to popularise their products by being able to [characteristic] them to household names in the world of fashion and design .

This in itself is highly significant , particularly since many New Testament scholars seem to believe that the early Christians had no sense of historical propriety and would be perfectly happy to dream up some saying and attribute it to Jesus , or to listen to a message from one of the Christian prophets in the congregation , and then put that into the mouth of the historical Jesus .
this in itself is highly significant , particularly since many new testament scholars seem to believe that the early christians had no sense of historical propriety and would be perfectly happy to dream up some saying and [characteristic] it to jesus , or to listen to a message from one of the christian prophets in the congregation , and then put that into the mouth of the historical jesus .

We can not rightly attribute to the Spirit any teaching which does not shed light on Jesus , or any religious experience which is not congruous with the life of Jesus .
we can not rightly [characteristic] to the spirit any teaching which does not shed light on jesus , or any religious experience which is not congruous with the life of jesus .

2:12 ) , and Paul can rightly say that the very capacity to respond in faith is a gift of God and no man-made attribute of which we can boast ( Eph .
2:12 ) , and paul can rightly say that the very capacity to respond in faith is a gift of god and no man-made [characteristic] of which we can boast ( eph .

The information so obtained may then have to be rearranged to show segment differences , and again this process of interpretation may be subjective or objective , depending on how statistically valid the end product must be ; * by using an analysis of attribute sets .
the information so obtained may then have to be rearranged to show segment differences , and again this process of interpretation may be subjective or objective , depending on how statistically valid the end product must be ; * by using an analysis of [characteristic] sets .

Attribute sets are analysed in section 6.1 below .
[characteristic] sets are analysed in section 6.1 below .

Attribute sets are combinations of individual reasons for demand .
[characteristic] sets are combinations of individual reasons for demand .

Complex statistical multivariate procedures can be used to correlate and group market research data so as to give a statistically accurate identification of : * the size of segment groups and their similarities ; * the differences between the various groupings of attribute sets ; * the relationship of these groups to important consumer , market or product/benefit requirements .
complex statistical multivariate procedures can be used to correlate and group market research data so as to give a statistically accurate identification of : * the size of segment groups and their similarities ; * the differences between the various groupings of [characteristic] sets ; * the relationship of these groups to important consumer , market or product/benefit requirements .

6.1 ) Attribute Sets
6.1 ) [characteristic] sets

Various distributions of attribute sets are possible .
various distributions of [characteristic] sets are possible .

Segmentation This may be carried out on the basis of ( i ) intuition techniques and product and interpretation ; or ( ii ) use of market research positioning data ( suitably re-arranged and interpreted ) ; or ( iii ) using an analysis of attribute sets .
segmentation this may be carried out on the basis of ( i ) intuition techniques and product and interpretation ; or ( ii ) use of market research positioning data ( suitably re-arranged and interpreted ) ; or ( iii ) using an analysis of [characteristic] sets .

Attribute sets are combinations of individual reasons for demand .
[characteristic] sets are combinations of individual reasons for demand .

He finished up , ‘ You know , we are not the only people who are suspicious of Nigel and would attribute any crime to him .
he finished up , ‘ you know , we are not the only people who are suspicious of nigel and would [characteristic] any crime to him .

The word leadership is sometimes used as if it were an attribute of personality , sometimes as if it were a characteristic of certain positions within an organization , and sometimes as an aspect of behaviour .
the word leadership is sometimes used as if it were an [characteristic] of personality , sometimes as if it were a characteristic of certain positions within an organization , and sometimes as an aspect of behaviour .

The quick-witted will have gone instantly to the heart of the problem : what mysterious attribute distinguishes sport from games ?
the quick-witted will have gone instantly to the heart of the problem : what mysterious [characteristic] distinguishes sport from games ?

The public roughly seems divided between people who deny the struggle any sexual significance at all , and those who , seeing the significance , attribute it to sexual morbidity and hysteria .
the public roughly seems divided between people who deny the struggle any sexual significance at all , and those who , seeing the significance , [characteristic] it to sexual morbidity and hysteria .

Areas can be painted in or you can edit the Attribute screen on a pixel by pixel basis — in magnified mode if you really want to be accurate .
areas can be painted in or you can edit the [characteristic] screen on a pixel by pixel basis — in magnified mode if you really want to be accurate .

The main attribute of all the various mice and the software that has been produced around them is that is generally easier to use by those unskilled with a keyboard .
the main [characteristic] of all the various mice and the software that has been produced around them is that is generally easier to use by those unskilled with a keyboard .

Charismatic leadership : in such an organisation , a leader is regarded as having some special power or attribute ; decision-making is centralised in him and delegation strictly limited .
charismatic leadership : in such an organisation , a leader is regarded as having some special power or [characteristic] ; decision-making is centralised in him and delegation strictly limited .

the size of the firm was not related to its technical complexity , ie it is not possible to attribute the ‘ faults ’ of mass production to the size of the finn rather than to the nature of its technology .
the size of the firm was not related to its technical complexity , ie it is not possible to [characteristic] the ‘ faults ’ of mass production to the size of the finn rather than to the nature of its technology .

It has taken a long time for those engaged in mainstream adult education to attribute any significance to the Women 's Movement .
it has taken a long time for those engaged in mainstream adult education to [characteristic] any significance to the women 's movement .

Detection of the attribute < three-letter word > would excite the logogens for all three-letter words , not just the logogen for cat .
detection of the [characteristic] < three-letter word > would excite the logogens for all three-letter words , not just the logogen for cat .

Perhaps the answer lies in diversity and in that the very existence of different organizational structures in different countries is a very positive attribute and that when diverse arrangements exist within a single country this also may be highly desirable .
perhaps the answer lies in diversity and in that the very existence of different organizational structures in different countries is a very positive [characteristic] and that when diverse arrangements exist within a single country this also may be highly desirable .

Although Ruellan ( 1971 ) distinguished between those researchers who attach great importance to the geomorphological processes of erosion and deposition ( allochthonists ) and those who attribute the major characteristics of soils to pedological processes ( autochthonists ) , Gerrard ( 1981 ) in his treatment of soils and geomorphology argues that soils are the results of the interaction of both sets of processes .
although ruellan ( 1971 ) distinguished between those researchers who attach great importance to the geomorphological processes of erosion and deposition ( allochthonists ) and those who [characteristic] the major characteristics of soils to pedological processes ( autochthonists ) , gerrard ( 1981 ) in his treatment of soils and geomorphology argues that soils are the results of the interaction of both sets of processes .

The urban environment is not defined as readily as a region such as North America or Australia but it is a way of studying part of the world that has some unifying attribute .
the urban environment is not defined as readily as a region such as north america or australia but it is a way of studying part of the world that has some unifying [characteristic] .

Starting with Shepard 's work in the late 1930s it has become increasingly normal to attribute the return flow to local rip currents .
starting with shepard 's work in the late 1930s it has become increasingly normal to [characteristic] the return flow to local rip currents .

In that case , it would be easy to attribute to the chemical action of the sea the chemical decay already caused by subaerial weathering .
in that case , it would be easy to [characteristic] to the chemical action of the sea the chemical decay already caused by subaerial weathering .

From the presence of enlarged joints and marine gastropods on these shelves , he was prepared to attribute them to marine action since the sea has stood at its present level .
from the presence of enlarged joints and marine gastropods on these shelves , he was prepared to [characteristic] them to marine action since the sea has stood at its present level .

Individuals follow leaders because of the additional attribute of charisma and the personal attraction of the leader .
individuals follow leaders because of the additional [characteristic] of charisma and the personal attraction of the leader .

Housing advice centres were coming into existence at about the time that the first law centre was being opened , and it is not unrealistic to attribute their inception to the generally increased awareness of the need for advice services .
housing advice centres were coming into existence at about the time that the first law centre was being opened , and it is not unrealistic to [characteristic] their inception to the generally increased awareness of the need for advice services .

There are 100 or so such centres and they can attribute their origins to the individual legal and charitable initiatives of members of the profession .
there are 100 or so such centres and they can [characteristic] their origins to the individual legal and charitable initiatives of members of the profession .

for example , would it be appropriate to attribute as an expression of parliamentary intention a ministerial assurance on the effect of a provision which was given and accepted in the Lords when considering a Bill which had already been passed by the Commons ?
for example , would it be appropriate to [characteristic] as an expression of parliamentary intention a ministerial assurance on the effect of a provision which was given and accepted in the lords when considering a bill which had already been passed by the commons ?

Data gathered from thousands of locations on land and sea by the Meteorological Office and the Climate Research Unit at East Anglia University shows a steady rise over the last eight years , but according to scientists , it is too early to attribute this to the build up of greenhouse gases .
data gathered from thousands of locations on land and sea by the meteorological office and the climate research unit at east anglia university shows a steady rise over the last eight years , but according to scientists , it is too early to [characteristic] this to the build up of greenhouse gases .

( p. 43 ) .2 They do not distinguish sharply between animate and inanimate : thus `` the bush went away `` and `` a puddle of water lay across the trail `` ( p. 11 ) will be interpreted differently by the people and the reader : they attribute volition to such entities , we do not .
( p. 43 ) .2 they do not distinguish sharply between animate and inanimate : thus `` the bush went away `` and `` a puddle of water lay across the trail `` ( p. 11 ) will be interpreted differently by the people and the reader : they [characteristic] volition to such entities , we do not .

clever hands ) , but to attribute sight to a foot is wildly deviant .
clever hands ) , but to [characteristic] sight to a foot is wildly deviant .

Windows `` remember `` their attribute settings ( see earlier ) , but if a window area is overwritten then the window 's contents are lost .
windows `` remember `` their [characteristic] settings ( see earlier ) , but if a window area is overwritten then the window 's contents are lost .

People who ‘ typically tend to attribute failure to global , stable and internal factors should be most prone to general and chronic helplessness depression with low self-esteem .
people who ‘ typically tend to [characteristic] failure to global , stable and internal factors should be most prone to general and chronic helplessness depression with low self-esteem .

Models of temporary equilibrium attribute the persistence of both classical and Keynesian unemployment to the short-run stickiness of money wages and prices .
models of temporary equilibrium [characteristic] the persistence of both classical and keynesian unemployment to the short-run stickiness of money wages and prices .

It is perfectly possible , for example , to attribute upward pressure on wages to real wage resistance in certain circumstances and to competitive inter-union leapfrogging in other circumstances .
it is perfectly possible , for example , to [characteristic] upward pressure on wages to real wage resistance in certain circumstances and to competitive inter-union leapfrogging in other circumstances .

The word `` experience `` is used in some of the earlier cases to describe the necessary attribute of a valuer .
the word `` experience `` is used in some of the earlier cases to describe the necessary [characteristic] of a valuer .

It will be appreciated , of course , though it is not always fully understood by persons who are not directly concerned with the law , that the law can not attempt to attribute any particular figure of damages to any particular physical injury , serious or trivial .
it will be appreciated , of course , though it is not always fully understood by persons who are not directly concerned with the law , that the law can not attempt to [characteristic] any particular figure of damages to any particular physical injury , serious or trivial .

Newco will want to attribute maximum consideration to those assets expenditure on which will be eligible for capital allowances , namely industrial buildings , qualifying hotels , plant and machinery , know-how , patent rights and capital sums incurred on software licences .
newco will want to [characteristic] maximum consideration to those assets expenditure on which will be eligible for capital allowances , namely industrial buildings , qualifying hotels , plant and machinery , know-how , patent rights and capital sums incurred on software licences .

Newco will wish to attribute as much of the purchase price as possible to those of the assets which are likely to increase in value , but which Newco may be intending to dispose of at a later date , so as to minimise the gain arising on the disposal ( and to maximise the amount of base cost which can be indexed for capital gains tax purposes , again to reduce the ultimate gain ) .
newco will wish to [characteristic] as much of the purchase price as possible to those of the assets which are likely to increase in value , but which newco may be intending to dispose of at a later date , so as to minimise the gain arising on the disposal ( and to maximise the amount of base cost which can be indexed for capital gains tax purposes , again to reduce the ultimate gain ) .

The first point that might occur to us , as a necessary attribute of a complex thing , is that it has a heterogeneous structure .
the first point that might occur to us , as a necessary [characteristic] of a complex thing , is that it has a heterogeneous structure .

This , again , is to give too much weight to later legends which attribute Rosamund 's death to the fury of a jealous Queen who , according to one version , tore the King 's mistress 's eyes out or , according to another , gave her a choice between poison and the knife .
this , again , is to give too much weight to later legends which [characteristic] rosamund 's death to the fury of a jealous queen who , according to one version , tore the king 's mistress 's eyes out or , according to another , gave her a choice between poison and the knife .

Although it was recorded that ‘ he could read a balance sheet ’ ( not in fact a particularly useful attribute for the Treasury ) , there is no evidence that he left any imprint upon Exchequer policy .
although it was recorded that ‘ he could read a balance sheet ’ ( not in fact a particularly useful [characteristic] for the treasury ) , there is no evidence that he left any imprint upon exchequer policy .

We may not go on to assume that informed opinion then had already recognised the nature of the prospective problem , nor to attribute to the reforming Whigs a reactionary motive which depends on that assumption .
we may not go on to assume that informed opinion then had already recognised the nature of the prospective problem , nor to [characteristic] to the reforming whigs a reactionary motive which depends on that assumption .

Skill in sexual activity is a desirable attribute , but not at the expense of physical abandonment .
skill in sexual activity is a desirable [characteristic] , but not at the expense of physical abandonment .

This is the term given to the displacement of human sexual attraction upon some part or attribute of the body , or some object which is not necessarily sexually significant in itself .
this is the term given to the displacement of human sexual attraction upon some part or [characteristic] of the body , or some object which is not necessarily sexually significant in itself .

It is not normal ( in the strict sense of the word ) for a young person to be attracted to a greatly older one nor for old age to be seen as a highly desirable or essential sexual attribute .
it is not normal ( in the strict sense of the word ) for a young person to be attracted to a greatly older one nor for old age to be seen as a highly desirable or essential sexual [characteristic] .

It may be hard to tell `` large `` from `` small `` , or to bring classical and quantum objects into consistent association , but it seems far less perplexing to find a difference between the mental and the physical and so to attribute a special property to the interface of consciousness at which they meet each other .
it may be hard to tell `` large `` from `` small `` , or to bring classical and quantum objects into consistent association , but it seems far less perplexing to find a difference between the mental and the physical and so to [characteristic] a special property to the interface of consciousness at which they meet each other .

Consciousness does have a unique character about it , a character which we know from direct experience and which we can reasonably attribute by analogy to other human beings and , perhaps , to cats .
consciousness does have a unique character about it , a character which we know from direct experience and which we can reasonably [characteristic] by analogy to other human beings and , perhaps , to cats .

We do not attribute reality to all the objects of our apparent perception .
we do not [characteristic] reality to all the objects of our apparent perception .

Nagel refers to Adam Smith whom he takes to be advocating , as a matter of reason , the restriction of moral judgment only to that which the agent has done in a narrow sense because to attribute responsibility for that beyond the agent 's control seems irrational and is akin to strict liability .
nagel refers to adam smith whom he takes to be advocating , as a matter of reason , the restriction of moral judgment only to that which the agent has done in a narrow sense because to [characteristic] responsibility for that beyond the agent 's control seems irrational and is akin to strict liability .

At such times it may be easier to attribute our stress reaction to these events and so understand more about what is happening .
at such times it may be easier to [characteristic] our stress reaction to these events and so understand more about what is happening .

This is defined as a condition in which the responsibility for housework is felt as a feminine , and therefore a personal attribute , normally as a result of a childhood identification with the mother as role model .
this is defined as a condition in which the responsibility for housework is felt as a feminine , and therefore a personal [characteristic] , normally as a result of a childhood identification with the mother as role model .

Adherents of the second school bewail Britain 's poor economic performance and diminished standing in the world , which they attribute in large measure to the lack of relevance in much that is taught in colleges .
adherents of the second school bewail britain 's poor economic performance and diminished standing in the world , which they [characteristic] in large measure to the lack of relevance in much that is taught in colleges .

Individual weaving groups may adopt slightly varying methods of construction , particularly in the type of knot used to form the pile , and it is often these slight differences in weaving and structure , taken in conjunction with their appearance , that enable carpet experts to attribute individual rugs correctly .
individual weaving groups may adopt slightly varying methods of construction , particularly in the type of knot used to form the pile , and it is often these slight differences in weaving and structure , taken in conjunction with their appearance , that enable carpet experts to [characteristic] individual rugs correctly .

The main problem , however , is a methodological one , for in human development specific events to which one may wish to attribute some formative influence hardly ever occur on their own but are usually embedded in a continuing context , a whole network of associated influences .
the main problem , however , is a methodological one , for in human development specific events to which one may wish to [characteristic] some formative influence hardly ever occur on their own but are usually embedded in a continuing context , a whole network of associated influences .

To attribute any subsequent pathology in the child to that single event would be misleading , for it is but one link in a chain of traumata , any one of which — or , more likely , the sum total of all — may be responsible for the child 's condition .
to [characteristic] any subsequent pathology in the child to that single event would be misleading , for it is but one link in a chain of traumata , any one of which — or , more likely , the sum total of all — may be responsible for the child 's condition .

This attribute separates them from the outside world and can be shared by no non-Japanese .
this [characteristic] separates them from the outside world and can be shared by no non-japanese .

Insights that a modern chemist might attribute to serendipity were ascribed by Boyle to ‘ pregnant hints ’ received from a greater chemist than he .
insights that a modern chemist might [characteristic] to serendipity were ascribed by boyle to ‘ pregnant hints ’ received from a greater chemist than he .

It would be a misleading over-simplification to attribute the continuing erosion of morale in the administration of the prisons to the abolition of the Commission in 1963 .
it would be a misleading over-simplification to [characteristic] the continuing erosion of morale in the administration of the prisons to the abolition of the commission in 1963 .

The concept of a personal point of view was also absent to a greater degree than in Western culture , for the unschooled children could group a given set of objects or pictures according to only one attribute , although there were several other possible bases for classifications .
the concept of a personal point of view was also absent to a greater degree than in western culture , for the unschooled children could group a given set of objects or pictures according to only one [characteristic] , although there were several other possible bases for classifications .

Asked to select all the objects in an array that shared a particular attribute and to name the attribute , these children could provide an answer but the grammatical form revealed , according to Greenfield , inferior cognitive facility .
asked to select all the objects in an array that shared a particular [characteristic] and to name the [characteristic] , these children could provide an answer but the grammatical form revealed , according to greenfield , inferior cognitive facility .

This circularity is apparent in the seminal article written by Goody and Watt where they lay down the reasons why they attribute such importance to literacy .
this circularity is apparent in the seminal article written by goody and watt where they lay down the reasons why they [characteristic] such importance to literacy .

Whatever formal characteristics Lyons might attribute to English in theory , in practice it would be difficult for him to sustain the claim that ‘ it is possible to address someone or talk about someone in English without indicating one 's relative social status or attitude ’ .
whatever formal characteristics lyons might [characteristic] to english in theory , in practice it would be difficult for him to sustain the claim that ‘ it is possible to address someone or talk about someone in english without indicating one 's relative social status or attitude ’ .

More precisely , in linguistic terms , it has been suggested that it is not as straightforward as Lyons implies to attribute the possibility of ‘ neutrality ’ to English grammar ; some aspects , such as pronoun usage , are more context-dependent than he allows .
more precisely , in linguistic terms , it has been suggested that it is not as straightforward as lyons implies to [characteristic] the possibility of ‘ neutrality ’ to english grammar ; some aspects , such as pronoun usage , are more context-dependent than he allows .

To attribute these characteristics to English is not , then , ‘ neutral ’ , even if it may have derived from a genuinely detached ‘ academic ’ inquiry .
to [characteristic] these characteristics to english is not , then , ‘ neutral ’ , even if it may have derived from a genuinely detached ‘ academic ’ inquiry .

Bernstein , for instance , in his attempt to attribute less ‘ context-dependence ’ and greater ‘ objectivity ’ to certain language uses , correlated these characteristics with certain ‘ codes ’ which he identifies with certain social classes ( 1971 ) .
bernstein , for instance , in his attempt to [characteristic] less ‘ context-dependence ’ and greater ‘ objectivity ’ to certain language uses , correlated these characteristics with certain ‘ codes ’ which he identifies with certain social classes ( 1971 ) .

But Olson nevertheless slides from these precise comments into grander generalisation and appears to attribute the characteristics associated with specific exponents of the essay technique to writing as such and to the whole culture .
but olson nevertheless slides from these precise comments into grander generalisation and appears to [characteristic] the characteristics associated with specific exponents of the essay technique to writing as such and to the whole culture .

Lienhardt , as an anthropologist , leaves that question alone and is concerned simply with the different ways in which people in different cultures make sense of their worlds , without attempting to attribute greater truth to any one way as , by definition , the attribution of ‘ objectivity ’ does .
lienhardt , as an anthropologist , leaves that question alone and is concerned simply with the different ways in which people in different cultures make sense of their worlds , without attempting to [characteristic] greater truth to any one way as , by definition , the attribution of ‘ objectivity ’ does .

Lyons , in fact , would support this view and , whatever other characteristics he might attribute to literacy , or to specific language-systems such as English , he would not associate them with lack of ambiguity , as do Hildyard , Olson and Greenfield .
lyons , in fact , would support this view and , whatever other characteristics he might [characteristic] to literacy , or to specific language-systems such as english , he would not associate them with lack of ambiguity , as do hildyard , olson and greenfield .

To reinforce the authority of the position ( rather than the person ) we attribute status , titles , honours and other props to power , all for the exclusive use of those occupying the position .
to reinforce the authority of the position ( rather than the person ) we [characteristic] status , titles , honours and other props to power , all for the exclusive use of those occupying the position .

They attribute this to an increased likelihood of exposure to a leukaemogenic virus or viruses .
they [characteristic] this to an increased likelihood of exposure to a leukaemogenic virus or viruses .

Every row in a table has a unique combination of attribute values which may therefore be used to identify the row .
every row in a table has a unique combination of [characteristic] values which may therefore be used to identify the row .

The authority attribute distinguishes lexicographers from other valid users e.g .
the authority [characteristic] distinguishes lexicographers from other valid users e.g .

The Chieftain attribute identifies the lexicographer who is permitted to approve the transfer of material back to the main archive , and to reallocate ‘ ownership ’ of bundles of entries .
the chieftain [characteristic] identifies the lexicographer who is permitted to approve the transfer of material back to the main archive , and to reallocate ‘ ownership ’ of bundles of entries .

Memory aids identified by the teacher , particularly useful in the build-up of a topic , could be given special treatment in program presentation , using such computer talents as graphics , colour and animation and the ‘ personal attribute ’ of humour to emphasize and help retention .
memory aids identified by the teacher , particularly useful in the build-up of a topic , could be given special treatment in program presentation , using such computer talents as graphics , colour and animation and the ‘ personal [characteristic] ’ of humour to emphasize and help retention .

( We do not attribute a degree to the zero polynomial f = 0 ) .
( we do not [characteristic] a degree to the zero polynomial f = 0 ) .

Originally this quality was an attribute of the gods and then assumed by the king .
originally this quality was an [characteristic] of the gods and then assumed by the king .

Although it is again not possible to attribute developments definitely and exclusively to the project , the project must take at least some of the credit for the business-like way in which some school libraries now operate .
although it is again not possible to [characteristic] developments definitely and exclusively to the project , the project must take at least some of the credit for the business-like way in which some school libraries now operate .

Did nobility derive from birth , function , or attribute ?
did nobility derive from birth , function , or [characteristic] ?

The ability to lead was a characteristic once associated with nobility , an attribute of social rank .
the ability to lead was a characteristic once associated with nobility , an [characteristic] of social rank .

Blaxter ( 1983 ) in her study of women 's thoughts on health and the cause of disease clearly identifies an acceptance of poor health as an attribute of normal ageing .
blaxter ( 1983 ) in her study of women 's thoughts on health and the cause of disease clearly identifies an acceptance of poor health as an [characteristic] of normal ageing .

Regardless of age health appears to be an attribute which is primarily associated with males .
regardless of age health appears to be an [characteristic] which is primarily associated with males .

Considerable differences have arisen between those who have tried to show that aggression is a ‘ natural ’ human attribute , having its origins in genetic endowment , or something equally inaccessible to self-intervention and control .
considerable differences have arisen between those who have tried to show that aggression is a ‘ natural ’ human [characteristic] , having its origins in genetic endowment , or something equally inaccessible to self-intervention and control .

Later reports from the fans themselves revealed that they were very aware of such groupings and were able to attribute a number of salient behavioural and social characteristics to them .
later reports from the fans themselves revealed that they were very aware of such groupings and were able to [characteristic] a number of salient behavioural and social characteristics to them .

Tranquillity and excellent cooking are not , however , the only attribute , there are also many beautiful sights nearby including the conical shapes of Trevi whose houses and churches cascade down the hillside .
tranquillity and excellent cooking are not , however , the only [characteristic] , there are also many beautiful sights nearby including the conical shapes of trevi whose houses and churches cascade down the hillside .

But intuition used to be the favoured type of knowledge , and St Thomas Aquinas , for example , would never have allowed intuition to constitute a specifically feminine attribute , because it would have meant admitting that women were nearer God .
but intuition used to be the favoured type of knowledge , and st thomas aquinas , for example , would never have allowed intuition to constitute a specifically feminine [characteristic] , because it would have meant admitting that women were nearer god .

That instinct which is said to restrain other animals from killing and devouring their own species we need not attribute to him .
that instinct which is said to restrain other animals from killing and devouring their own species we need not [characteristic] to him .

Whilst one may argue that it would be wrong to attribute ego-functions to animals in which the id/ego differentiation was difficult to justify because their behaviour was largely under instinctual , preprogrammed control , it is nevertheless true that some mammals — and in particular some higher primates — do seem to show a plasticity of behaviour and an elaboration of activity which clearly point to the beginnings , however primitive , of ego-functions proper .
whilst one may argue that it would be wrong to [characteristic] ego-functions to animals in which the id/ego differentiation was difficult to justify because their behaviour was largely under instinctual , preprogrammed control , it is nevertheless true that some mammals — and in particular some higher primates — do seem to show a plasticity of behaviour and an elaboration of activity which clearly point to the beginnings , however primitive , of ego-functions proper .

The ego is , as we have seen , principally the executive agency of the personality and has as its most characteristic attribute control of voluntary movement .
the ego is , as we have seen , principally the executive agency of the personality and has as its most characteristic [characteristic] control of voluntary movement .

Noting that the Marxist classics attribute great importance to the possibility of replacing officials , Hegedus argues that ‘ for the most part , administration involves the sort of functions where a planned rotation of official personnel is expedient not only for the sake of opposing bureaucratic tendencies but also for the sake of greater efficiency ’ .
noting that the marxist classics [characteristic] great importance to the possibility of replacing officials , hegedus argues that ‘ for the most part , administration involves the sort of functions where a planned rotation of official personnel is expedient not only for the sake of opposing bureaucratic tendencies but also for the sake of greater efficiency ’ .

Many patients attribute their symptoms to an antecedent event ( eg , post-partum faecal incontinence associated with a perineal tear ) or they may present with chronic symptoms that have recently progressed ( eg , stress urinary incontinence or chronic constipation ) .
many patients [characteristic] their symptoms to an antecedent event ( eg , post-partum faecal incontinence associated with a perineal tear ) or they may present with chronic symptoms that have recently progressed ( eg , stress urinary incontinence or chronic constipation ) .

The quality of the factor labour itself is perhaps the only variable that is both relevant and an individual attribute .
the quality of the factor labour itself is perhaps the only variable that is both relevant and an individual [characteristic] .

discounting : it is argued that we attribute our first impressions to the person ( e.g .
discounting : it is argued that we [characteristic] our first impressions to the person ( e.g .

The stories have arisen in the first place because cannibalism is a fairly standardized imaginary attribute of the bestial `` others `` , not just among Europeans but in the world at large .
the stories have arisen in the first place because cannibalism is a fairly standardized imaginary [characteristic] of the bestial `` others `` , not just among europeans but in the world at large .

Our valuation did not attribute any further value to the land assets of the company .
our valuation did not [characteristic] any further value to the land assets of the company .

By this account , the human subject 's defining attribute being the brain , the portrait bust would signify the whole person .
by this account , the human subject 's defining [characteristic] being the brain , the portrait bust would signify the whole person .

We would thus have to resort to the use of overlays , with one overlay per attribute .
we would thus have to resort to the use of overlays , with one overlay per [characteristic] .

If each overlay were drawn on transparent paper then a light table could be used to allow the viewer to look simultaneously at the spatial distribution of each attribute and to pick out by eye the areas of interest .
if each overlay were drawn on transparent paper then a light table could be used to allow the viewer to look simultaneously at the spatial distribution of each [characteristic] and to pick out by eye the areas of interest .

Attribute data relate to the properties of the points , lines and polygons that are stored in the cartographic database .
[characteristic] data relate to the properties of the points , lines and polygons that are stored in the cartographic database .

The attribute data are held in a separate database .
the [characteristic] data are held in a separate database .

Each attribute or set of related attributes is stored in its own file .
each [characteristic] or set of related attributes is stored in its own file .

One such file might hold demographic attributes for the individual counties of a given state ; these attributes would include total population and population broken down by age and sex while a second attribute file would store the mortality ( death ) and morbidity ( sickness ) rates for the same counties .
one such file might hold demographic attributes for the individual counties of a given state ; these attributes would include total population and population broken down by age and sex while a second [characteristic] file would store the mortality ( death ) and morbidity ( sickness ) rates for the same counties .

These attribute files can be envisaged as tables .
these [characteristic] files can be envisaged as tables .

Attribute data is most often obtained in computer-readable form direct from agencies whose function it is to collect and distribute such data .
[characteristic] data is most often obtained in computer-readable form direct from agencies whose function it is to collect and distribute such data .

Other sources of attribute data are published maps ( such as maps of soils and geology ) and publications associated with such maps .
other sources of [characteristic] data are published maps ( such as maps of soils and geology ) and publications associated with such maps .

Figure 7.6 Example of table holding attribute data for a set of areas .
figure 7.6 example of table holding [characteristic] data for a set of areas .

In addition to this attribute database a cartographic database is also being developed .
in addition to this [characteristic] database a cartographic database is also being developed .

In the student example , the fact that the person is female may not be of great significance and therefore there could be an attribute ‘ sex ’ of the person entity .
in the student example , the fact that the person is female may not be of great significance and therefore there could be an [characteristic] ‘ sex ’ of the person entity .

In the reader example , the fact that the person is female may be of such insignificance that it is not even included as an attribute .
in the reader example , the fact that the person is female may be of such insignificance that it is not even included as an [characteristic] .

An attribute is a descriptive value associated with an entity .
an [characteristic] is a descriptive value associated with an entity .

There often arises the problem of distinguishing between an entity and an attribute .
there often arises the problem of distinguishing between an entity and an [characteristic] .

The entity should have importance in itself , otherwise it is an attribute .
the entity should have importance in itself , otherwise it is an [characteristic] .

It is a top-down approach in that the entities are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key attribute ( s ) of each entity are identified .
it is a top-down approach in that the entities are identified first , followed by the relationships between them , and then more detail is filled in as the attributes and key [characteristic] ( s ) of each entity are identified .

Each attribute will say something about the entity .
each [characteristic] will say something about the entity .

Fig. 3.13 Attribute documentation
fig. 3.13 [characteristic] documentation

Second normal form may cause problems where non-key attributes are functionally dependent on each other ( a non-key attribute is dependent on another key attribute ) .
second normal form may cause problems where non-key attributes are functionally dependent on each other ( a non-key [characteristic] is dependent on another key [characteristic] ) .

The dependency of the attribute ‘ unit-points ’ is transitive ( via ‘ status ’ ) and not wholly dependent on the key attribute ‘ module ’ .
the dependency of the [characteristic] ‘ unit-points ’ is transitive ( via ‘ status ’ ) and not wholly dependent on the key [characteristic] ‘ module ’ .

Each relation is an entity and if a domain is a key in one relation and an attribute or part of a key in another , this would represent a one-to-many hierarchical relationship .
each relation is an entity and if a domain is a key in one relation and an [characteristic] or part of a key in another , this would represent a one-to-many hierarchical relationship .

In the terminology of Codasyl , the data item is equivalent to an attribute value , and these can be aggregated ( a non-normalised group item ) and referred to as a repeating group data aggregate .
in the terminology of codasyl , the data item is equivalent to an [characteristic] value , and these can be aggregated ( a non-normalised group item ) and referred to as a repeating group data aggregate .

Any attribute of an object can be changed without destroying its identity .
any [characteristic] of an object can be changed without destroying its identity .

It would be less wise to attribute the continuing importance of the home market in the latter part of the eighteenth century and in the early nineteenth to a general improvement in real wages .
it would be less wise to [characteristic] the continuing importance of the home market in the latter part of the eighteenth century and in the early nineteenth to a general improvement in real wages .

The concentration of production in a few firms was considerably more marked in 1970 than it had been 15 years earlier , and many economists attribute around half the increase in concentration in the 1960s to the merger boom during those years .
the concentration of production in a few firms was considerably more marked in 1970 than it had been 15 years earlier , and many economists [characteristic] around half the increase in concentration in the 1960s to the merger boom during those years .

Only if one believes that the prospect of privatization is the only way to improve management performance in nationalized industries can one attribute the benefit to privatization itself .
only if one believes that the prospect of privatization is the only way to improve management performance in nationalized industries can one [characteristic] the benefit to privatization itself .

Paragraph 610 of the Bar code provides , first : ’ Counsel must not make statements or ask questions which are merely scandalous or intended or calculated only to vilify insult or annoy either a witness or some other person ; counsel must if possible avoid the naming in open Court of third parties whose characters would thereby be impugned ; counsel must not suggest that a witness or other person is guilty of crime , fraud or misconduct or attribute to another person the crime or conduct of which his lay client is accused ’
paragraph 610 of the bar code provides , first : ’ counsel must not make statements or ask questions which are merely scandalous or intended or calculated only to vilify insult or annoy either a witness or some other person ; counsel must if possible avoid the naming in open court of third parties whose characters would thereby be impugned ; counsel must not suggest that a witness or other person is guilty of crime , fraud or misconduct or [characteristic] to another person the crime or conduct of which his lay client is accused ’

Given the opinion poll results in The Guardian today , which show that a clear and growing majority of people are against further moves towards European monetary and political union , does my right hon. Friend find it rather curious that both the Liberal Democrats and the Labour party favour unilateral disarmament on the question of federalism ? To what does he attribute their unaccustomed bravery on that issue ?
given the opinion poll results in the guardian today , which show that a clear and growing majority of people are against further moves towards european monetary and political union , does my right hon. friend find it rather curious that both the liberal democrats and the labour party favour unilateral disarmament on the question of federalism ? to what does he [characteristic] their unaccustomed bravery on that issue ?

To what does my right hon. Friend attribute that success in the middle of a world recession ?
to what does my right hon. friend [characteristic] that success in the middle of a world recession ?

The third human attribute in Williamson 's model is dignity , though it is one of the least-developed concepts .
the third human [characteristic] in williamson 's model is dignity , though it is one of the least-developed concepts .

The second relevant attribute of a transaction is uncertainty about the environment in which it is to be executed .
the second relevant [characteristic] of a transaction is uncertainty about the environment in which it is to be executed .

Frequency is the third relevant attribute .
frequency is the third relevant [characteristic] .

He had judged her without question , but could attribute fortitude and resolution to Matilda despite the Empress 's glaring faults .
he had judged her without question , but could [characteristic] fortitude and resolution to matilda despite the empress 's glaring faults .

a number of individuals ( persons or things ) possessing a common attribute and grouped together under a general or class ' name ; a kind .
a number of individuals ( persons or things ) possessing a common [characteristic] and grouped together under a general or class ' name ; a kind .

Most Marxist thinkers , beginning with Marx and Engels themselves , have been inclined to relegate nationalism to a position of minor importance by comparison with class struggles ; to dismiss it ( as did Rosa Luxemburg in her statements on the Polish independence movement ) as a refuge of the petty bourgeoisie , which would lose its political significance with the growth of the socialist movement ; to connect it particularly with the development of capitalism in its imperialist stage ; or , finally , to attribute a limited value to national struggles against imperialism , as an adjunct of the fundamental conflict between the working class and the bourgeoisie .
most marxist thinkers , beginning with marx and engels themselves , have been inclined to relegate nationalism to a position of minor importance by comparison with class struggles ; to dismiss it ( as did rosa luxemburg in her statements on the polish independence movement ) as a refuge of the petty bourgeoisie , which would lose its political significance with the growth of the socialist movement ; to connect it particularly with the development of capitalism in its imperialist stage ; or , finally , to [characteristic] a limited value to national struggles against imperialism , as an adjunct of the fundamental conflict between the working class and the bourgeoisie .

So , in an economy in which relative demand shocks are typically smaller than aggregate demand shocks , the rational agent would attribute most of an unexpectedly high price to a positive aggregate demand shock — that , from knowledge of the economy , is the more likely reason .
so , in an economy in which relative demand shocks are typically smaller than aggregate demand shocks , the rational agent would [characteristic] most of an unexpectedly high price to a positive aggregate demand shock — that , from knowledge of the economy , is the more likely reason .

But in an economy in which the reverse is true and relative demand shocks are large compared to aggregate demand shocks it would be rational to attribute most of an unexpectedly high price to a relative demand shock — that , again , is the more likely reason .
but in an economy in which the reverse is true and relative demand shocks are large compared to aggregate demand shocks it would be rational to [characteristic] most of an unexpectedly high price to a relative demand shock — that , again , is the more likely reason .

Therefore the signal extraction problem will yield different solutions depending upon the economic environment : economies with highly volatile aggregate demand movements will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a high proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock ; economies with highly stable aggregate demand will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a low proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock .
therefore the signal extraction problem will yield different solutions depending upon the economic environment : economies with highly volatile aggregate demand movements will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will [characteristic] a high proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock ; economies with highly stable aggregate demand will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will [characteristic] a low proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock .

The intuitive explanation for this has already been discussed : the greater the proportion of the variance of the composite disturbance term which is due to the variance of the more sensible it is to attribute more of any period 's composite disturbance to .
the intuitive explanation for this has already been discussed : the greater the proportion of the variance of the composite disturbance term which is due to the variance of the more sensible it is to [characteristic] more of any period 's composite disturbance to .

However , the broad principle which informs Benveniste 's category of the personal is most pertinently extrapolated onto a narrative model by Barthes when he points out that traditional critical practice has tended to attribute all apparently subjective ( or personal ) elements to a psychological reality placed outside the language of the text itself : the mind or personality of the author , the narrator or a character in the story .
however , the broad principle which informs benveniste 's category of the personal is most pertinently extrapolated onto a narrative model by barthes when he points out that traditional critical practice has tended to [characteristic] all apparently subjective ( or personal ) elements to a psychological reality placed outside the language of the text itself : the mind or personality of the author , the narrator or a character in the story .

Against Dorestad 's decline ( which they attribute to particular local difficulties ) they set the origins and/or thriving of Ghent and Bruges , Cologne and Mainz , Nantes and Angers .
against dorestad 's decline ( which they [characteristic] to particular local difficulties ) they set the origins and/or thriving of ghent and bruges , cologne and mainz , nantes and angers .

He wanted his personal belief and his professional expertness to come out as a single attribute .
he wanted his personal belief and his professional expertness to come out as a single [characteristic] .

Spanish industry and finance seemed to have taken a new lease of life , and the official propaganda machine lost no opportunity to attribute this trend to the sagacity of the Caudillo .
spanish industry and finance seemed to have taken a new lease of life , and the official propaganda machine lost no opportunity to [characteristic] this trend to the sagacity of the caudillo .

It is therefore incorrect to attribute all the credit for the promise of full employment to the conversion of men of power and influence to Keynesian ideas .
it is therefore incorrect to [characteristic] all the credit for the promise of full employment to the conversion of men of power and influence to keynesian ideas .

‘ Conservatism is an attribute of fields that are substantially descriptive in methodology . ’
‘ conservatism is an [characteristic] of fields that are substantially descriptive in methodology . ’

The same attribute can be modelled in scientific knowledge .
the same [characteristic] can be modelled in scientific knowledge .

So , one reason why `` class `` is a `` vague `` and contested concept is because it is multi-faceted and , as a result , it is not always clear just what possible dimension , attribute or property is being used .
so , one reason why `` class `` is a `` vague `` and contested concept is because it is multi-faceted and , as a result , it is not always clear just what possible dimension , [characteristic] or property is being used .

The first is to generate a large number of test items designed to indicate the supposed social or attitudinal attribute .
the first is to generate a large number of test items designed to indicate the supposed social or attitudinal [characteristic] .

Respondents are selected according to some sampling procedure to be representative of some group , collectivity , attribute or process .
respondents are selected according to some sampling procedure to be representative of some group , collectivity , [characteristic] or process .

The Assembly of Macedonia dropped the attribute `` socialist `` from the republic 's official title on June 7 , to become the Republic of Macedonia .
the assembly of macedonia dropped the [characteristic] `` socialist `` from the republic 's official title on june 7 , to become the republic of macedonia .

Radicals attribute this to the control of an autonomous medical science and knowledge , Marxists to the class position and function of doctors within capitalism .
radicals [characteristic] this to the control of an autonomous medical science and knowledge , marxists to the class position and function of doctors within capitalism .

If the law is to attribute possession of land to a person who can establish no paper title to possession , he must be shown to have both factual possession and the requisite intention to possess ( animus possidendi ) .
if the law is to [characteristic] possession of land to a person who can establish no paper title to possession , he must be shown to have both factual possession and the requisite intention to possess ( animus possidendi ) .

But to take this line is to attribute to bilinguals special linguistic powers not shared by monolinguals .
but to take this line is to [characteristic] to bilinguals special linguistic powers not shared by monolinguals .

These two definitions are tautologous when taken together : a computer-generated work is one created in circumstances such that there is no human author but if we attribute authorship to a human it can not be computer-generated .
these two definitions are tautologous when taken together : a computer-generated work is one created in circumstances such that there is no human author but if we [characteristic] authorship to a human it can not be computer-generated .

To attribute authorship to the experts and knowledge engineers who developed the knowledge base is unsatisfactory because they can not predict how the system will be used and what responses will be made by the user ; they have no control over its use .
to [characteristic] authorship to the experts and knowledge engineers who developed the knowledge base is unsatisfactory because they can not predict how the system will be used and what responses will be made by the user ; they have no control over its use .

This attribute has a place in an adverse stereotype of the woman that was promoted by a medieval tradition of antifeminist writing .
this [characteristic] has a place in an adverse stereotype of the woman that was promoted by a medieval tradition of antifeminist writing .

We must also attribute some significance to the fact that the wife takes the lead in talking smut and negotiating with the monk .
we must also [characteristic] some significance to the fact that the wife takes the lead in talking smut and negotiating with the monk .

Being two yards long is not an immediately perceivable attribute of a rat 's tail since it requires a previous act of measuring in order to be known .
being two yards long is not an immediately perceivable [characteristic] of a rat 's tail since it requires a previous act of measuring in order to be known .

It will be argued here that the above-noted tendency of the infinitival construction to imply greater subjectivity and possibility of doubt indicates that know is being evoked not just as the state of `` being aware of a fact `` in these uses but also as the condition for being able to attribute to the direct object of know the event denoted by the infinitive .
it will be argued here that the above-noted tendency of the infinitival construction to imply greater subjectivity and possibility of doubt indicates that know is being evoked not just as the state of `` being aware of a fact `` in these uses but also as the condition for being able to [characteristic] to the direct object of know the event denoted by the infinitive .

An adjective or descriptive phrase expressing some quality or attribute : William the Conqueror , the Virgin Queen . Epithets can be abusive : You clumsy fool !
an adjective or descriptive phrase expressing some quality or [characteristic] : william the conqueror , the virgin queen . epithets can be abusive : you clumsy fool !

1 In a modification structure such as fresh fruit , fruit is the centre or head , fresh is an immediate constituent or attribute .
1 in a modification structure such as fresh fruit , fruit is the centre or head , fresh is an immediate constituent or [characteristic] .

All through the ages men have had names which recognised their prowess at arms or through some physical attribute .
all through the ages men have had names which recognised their prowess at arms or through some physical [characteristic] .

The online catalogue has been described as interactive ; however , it would seem that this attribute has been described more in relation to its predecessor than as a fully developed feature .
the online catalogue has been described as interactive ; however , it would seem that this [characteristic] has been described more in relation to its predecessor than as a fully developed feature .

This and other statements were clear enough , and it seems a little one-sided to attribute causal power to one set of statements — those which encouraged Protestants to reject the O'Neill government — and yet deny causal power to those statements which called for such rejection to be confined within the limits of legality .
this and other statements were clear enough , and it seems a little one-sided to [characteristic] causal power to one set of statements — those which encouraged protestants to reject the o'neill government — and yet deny causal power to those statements which called for such rejection to be confined within the limits of legality .

Friendliness is not a necessary attribute in a horse ; it is just a pleasant one .
friendliness is not a necessary [characteristic] in a horse ; it is just a pleasant one .

Only one major attribute was still missing : that of the military genius .
only one major [characteristic] was still missing : that of the military genius .

The first task with a coin , as with any other artefact , is to try to establish its date and attribute it to a place of manufacture and authority , since we must know where and when it was made before it can give us any information about the past .
the first task with a coin , as with any other artefact , is to try to establish its date and [characteristic] it to a place of manufacture and authority , since we must know where and when it was made before it can give us any information about the past .

The designs or inscriptions which appear on the coins made in archaic and classical Greece , for example , nearly always enable us to attribute them to one or other of the Greek city-states which made them , but none carries a date .
the designs or inscriptions which appear on the coins made in archaic and classical greece , for example , nearly always enable us to [characteristic] them to one or other of the greek city-states which made them , but none carries a date .

But they seem happy to attribute orderliness and completeness to others , and indeed seem to be made happy by doing so .
but they seem happy to [characteristic] orderliness and completeness to others , and indeed seem to be made happy by doing so .

We habitually think of the actions of nations and of societies as distinct from the actions of the individuals composing them , and we attribute moral qualities to such actions , and moral rights and duties to nations and societies .
we habitually think of the actions of nations and of societies as distinct from the actions of the individuals composing them , and we [characteristic] moral qualities to such actions , and moral rights and duties to nations and societies .

He admits to having wanted always to write poetry but doubts whether he can attribute that entirely to his rebellion .
he admits to having wanted always to write poetry but doubts whether he can [characteristic] that entirely to his rebellion .

However , mothers bringing their babies to surgery attribute a bewildering variety of symptoms to teething , including poor sleeping , refusal to feed , earache , diarrhoea and fever .
however , mothers bringing their babies to surgery [characteristic] a bewildering variety of symptoms to teething , including poor sleeping , refusal to feed , earache , diarrhoea and fever .

They were unimpressed : ‘ There is undoubtedly an element of neurosis involved in the readiness of many foresters and some workers to attribute any decline without adequate critical investigation , ’ they wrote in a report published in 1983 .
they were unimpressed : ‘ there is undoubtedly an element of neurosis involved in the readiness of many foresters and some workers to [characteristic] any decline without adequate critical investigation , ’ they wrote in a report published in 1983 .

As the House of Lords Select Committee put it , ‘ It is consistent with the attribute of sovereignty in the international law sense for states to enter into groupings such as alliances or international organisations … Acceptance of such restraints does not imply loss of sovereign status by individual states .
as the house of lords select committee put it , ‘ it is consistent with the [characteristic] of sovereignty in the international law sense for states to enter into groupings such as alliances or international organisations … acceptance of such restraints does not imply loss of sovereign status by individual states .

Even so this attribute of mind has a biological basis , and intercalates with thought forms of a very different nature .
even so this [characteristic] of mind has a biological basis , and intercalates with thought forms of a very different nature .

But this would be wrong because , as Kant has demonstrated , ‘ existence is not an attribute ’ , an additional property which a thing has on top of its other properties like greenness , tallness , or roundness .
but this would be wrong because , as kant has demonstrated , ‘ existence is not an [characteristic] ’ , an additional property which a thing has on top of its other properties like greenness , tallness , or roundness .

Take , for instance , the attribute ‘ omnipresence ’ .
take , for instance , the [characteristic] ‘ omnipresence ’ .

And what of the attribute ‘ eternal ’ ?
and what of the [characteristic] ‘ eternal ’ ?

According to Ayer , by mistaking existence as an attribute religious thinkers like Anselm had constructed an entirely bogus ‘ proof ’ of God 's existence .
according to ayer , by mistaking existence as an [characteristic] religious thinkers like anselm had constructed an entirely bogus ‘ proof ’ of god 's existence .

In addition it is difficult to attribute more errors or a poorer performance wholly to the effects of a body clock .
in addition it is difficult to [characteristic] more errors or a poorer performance wholly to the effects of a body clock .

This is the sort of cheap bitter jibe we love to say to each other when we feel wronged by life and attribute it to the lukewarm stew of Englishness .
this is the sort of cheap bitter jibe we love to say to each other when we feel wronged by life and [characteristic] it to the lukewarm stew of englishness .

on more than one occasion … senior ranking officers have made no bones about the fact that they attribute many of the problems of contemporary police work to the pernicious influence of the media and sociology ! Such people are radically opposed to the idea of sociologists conducting research on the police and long for a return to a ‘ golden age ’ when the proverbial veil of secrecy surrounded police work .
on more than one occasion … senior ranking officers have made no bones about the fact that they [characteristic] many of the problems of contemporary police work to the pernicious influence of the media and sociology ! such people are radically opposed to the idea of sociologists conducting research on the police and long for a return to a ‘ golden age ’ when the proverbial veil of secrecy surrounded police work .

Another curious attribute of the powder is that when cooked out it helps to extract other flavours while losing its own .
another curious [characteristic] of the powder is that when cooked out it helps to extract other flavours while losing its own .

Clearly , the specialists who see most cases are either venereologists or dermatologists , but many 's the case of secondary syphilis that has been treated by a general practitioner or physician with a variety of ointments or creams to great effect — syphilis having the doctor-flattering attribute of ‘ getting better ’ whatever the treatment .
clearly , the specialists who see most cases are either venereologists or dermatologists , but many 's the case of secondary syphilis that has been treated by a general practitioner or physician with a variety of ointments or creams to great effect — syphilis having the doctor-flattering [characteristic] of ‘ getting better ’ whatever the treatment .

Nobody would ever claim that a bacterium was a conscious strategist , yet bacterial parasites are probably engaged in ceaseless games of Prisoner 's Dilemma with their hosts and there is no reason why we should not attribute Axelrodian adjectives — forgiving , non-envious , and so on — to their strategies .
nobody would ever claim that a bacterium was a conscious strategist , yet bacterial parasites are probably engaged in ceaseless games of prisoner 's dilemma with their hosts and there is no reason why we should not [characteristic] axelrodian adjectives — forgiving , non-envious , and so on — to their strategies .

The small Ramsey respected Fisher with that derogatory respect which schoolboys attribute to headmasters .
the small ramsey respected fisher with that derogatory respect which schoolboys [characteristic] to headmasters .

Historians used to attribute a fixed economic dogma to the Treasury : ‘ the Treasury view ’ .
historians used to [characteristic] a fixed economic dogma to the treasury : ‘ the treasury view ’ .

This is very popular in the country because upon the whole trade unions are unpopular , and therefore , if you can attach the consequences of your own actions ( for which you desire to transfer the blame to other people ) to somebody who is unpopular already and attribute it to him , you are almost certain to be home and dry .
this is very popular in the country because upon the whole trade unions are unpopular , and therefore , if you can attach the consequences of your own actions ( for which you desire to transfer the blame to other people ) to somebody who is unpopular already and [characteristic] it to him , you are almost certain to be home and dry .

It would be mere superstition to attribute the increase in murders to the change of penalty and the increase in the rest of crime to some other cause or causes .
it would be mere superstition to [characteristic] the increase in murders to the change of penalty and the increase in the rest of crime to some other cause or causes .

The initial word ‘ everyone ’ in Article 25 ( and in most of the other Articles ) — however illogically linked with ‘ his family ’ — contains the same fallacy as ‘ all men ’ in the Declaration of 1776 : ‘ rights ’ are not an attribute of individuals but a description of societies .
the initial word ‘ everyone ’ in article 25 ( and in most of the other articles ) — however illogically linked with ‘ his family ’ — contains the same fallacy as ‘ all men ’ in the declaration of 1776 : ‘ rights ’ are not an [characteristic] of individuals but a description of societies .

That being so , it is a gross breach of a privy councillor 's duty to attribute to the sovereign personal opinions at variance with the advice of her prime minister or , worse still , to suggest that the sovereign might not accept that advice constitutionally offered .
that being so , it is a gross breach of a privy councillor 's duty to [characteristic] to the sovereign personal opinions at variance with the advice of her prime minister or , worse still , to suggest that the sovereign might not accept that advice constitutionally offered .

She also makes the crucial point that it is wrong to attribute it to the mass of black people , finding it most marked among some intellectual and political leaders , who also obscure the central roles played by lesbians and gays in black communities .
she also makes the crucial point that it is wrong to [characteristic] it to the mass of black people , finding it most marked among some intellectual and political leaders , who also obscure the central roles played by lesbians and gays in black communities .

One very significant change from Morgan we can attribute to Marx .
one very significant change from morgan we can [characteristic] to marx .

The programme scrupulously refused to attribute full maturity to either faction , dwelling on the bestial acts committed by animal rights terrorists — the Bristol University bombing and so on — as well as on the vile surgical mutilations which had provoked them , and Ian Breach 's presentation script was both deft and literate ; a model guide through these complex issues .
the programme scrupulously refused to [characteristic] full maturity to either faction , dwelling on the bestial acts committed by animal rights terrorists — the bristol university bombing and so on — as well as on the vile surgical mutilations which had provoked them , and ian breach 's presentation script was both deft and literate ; a model guide through these complex issues .

It is enough to attribute the rage with which she invests every issue to primal narcissism , the rage provoked by any threat of helplessness .
it is enough to [characteristic] the rage with which she invests every issue to primal narcissism , the rage provoked by any threat of helplessness .

Hey ( 1976 ) for example examines the practice of specialists ( by client group ) and concludes that what many cite as their distinctive attribute is the element of knowledge .
hey ( 1976 ) for example examines the practice of specialists ( by client group ) and concludes that what many cite as their distinctive [characteristic] is the element of knowledge .

This is not so much an attribute but a requirement since , as we shall see later , it is essential for any of the more complicated techniques to be attempted .
this is not so much an [characteristic] but a requirement since , as we shall see later , it is essential for any of the more complicated techniques to be attempted .

Marxism is not seen to be particularly antagonistic to the rights of women , and several women attribute their general political consciousness to the education they received through the Party .
marxism is not seen to be particularly antagonistic to the rights of women , and several women [characteristic] their general political consciousness to the education they received through the party .

Yes , the hindquarter double-muscled trait is important and is the breed 's main attribute , but we 've been looking too for stock with good overall conformation , with loin and fleshing that we feel is vital to any successful terminal sire breed .
yes , the hindquarter double-muscled trait is important and is the breed 's main [characteristic] , but we 've been looking too for stock with good overall conformation , with loin and fleshing that we feel is vital to any successful terminal sire breed .

Would you also agree that haphazard impulse is perhaps not the sort of attribute we 're looking for ?
would you also agree that haphazard impulse is perhaps not the sort of [characteristic] we 're looking for ?

It has been recognised how difficult it is to attribute accurately the effect of humans on soil erosion ( Stocking 1978b : 130 ) because of the uncontrolled nature of many other crucial variables , such as climatic change .
it has been recognised how difficult it is to [characteristic] accurately the effect of humans on soil erosion ( stocking 1978b : 130 ) because of the uncontrolled nature of many other crucial variables , such as climatic change .

Although population pressure is the most common attribute of these peasantries and pastoralists , there are many cases where declines in population through outmigration or apocalyptic disasters ( e.g .
although population pressure is the most common [characteristic] of these peasantries and pastoralists , there are many cases where declines in population through outmigration or apocalyptic disasters ( e.g .

Few actual conservation policies contain all these elements and it is difficult to attribute them in every case to implicit value judgements .
few actual conservation policies contain all these elements and it is difficult to [characteristic] them in every case to implicit value judgements .

It is true that these processes may well have a spatial expression in a specific situation , but there are others to which it is difficult to attribute any physical manifestation , or by definition which can not have a spatial expression at all .
it is true that these processes may well have a spatial expression in a specific situation , but there are others to which it is difficult to [characteristic] any physical manifestation , or by definition which can not have a spatial expression at all .

In Le Planétarium ( 1959 ) , however , although it is possible to attribute some of the sequences to the consciousnesses of the ‘ characters ’ involved , we are presented with conflicting narratives and interpretations of events emanating from insufficiently individuated figures , Her subsequent novels confirm this development towards a narrative discourse in which it is increasingly difficult to situate a perceiving consciousness .
in le planétarium ( 1959 ) , however , although it is possible to [characteristic] some of the sequences to the consciousnesses of the ‘ characters ’ involved , we are presented with conflicting narratives and interpretations of events emanating from insufficiently individuated figures , her subsequent novels confirm this development towards a narrative discourse in which it is increasingly difficult to situate a perceiving consciousness .

She was said to mix well , a social attribute particularly esteemed in one of such high birth and breeding since it implied the correct unconsciousness of her status .
she was said to mix well , a social [characteristic] particularly esteemed in one of such high birth and breeding since it implied the correct unconsciousness of her status .

Baranowski and his team attribute this to a layered arrangement of atoms — visible in the electron microscope .
baranowski and his team [characteristic] this to a layered arrangement of atoms — visible in the electron microscope .

There is also a suspicion in some circles that the campaign is to some extent driven by a form of ‘ closet unionism ’ ; a motive the Belfast campaigners attribute freely to their Tory counterparts .
there is also a suspicion in some circles that the campaign is to some extent driven by a form of ‘ closet unionism ’ ; a motive the belfast campaigners [characteristic] freely to their tory counterparts .

There is also a suggestion that the Council of Ministers meet in public when it is acting as a legislative body , a suggestion which some parliamentarians first attribute to Mr Tony Benn in his days as Energy Secretary .
there is also a suggestion that the council of ministers meet in public when it is acting as a legislative body , a suggestion which some parliamentarians first [characteristic] to mr tony benn in his days as energy secretary .

Some versions of the miracle story actually attribute the fresco to Sant ' Ambrogio himself , although there is little hard evidence for the saint having been an artist .
some versions of the miracle story actually [characteristic] the fresco to sant ' ambrogio himself , although there is little hard evidence for the saint having been an artist .

So wrote Lady Augusta Bruce to the Duchess of Kent , who passed the letter on to her daughter , the Queen . Lady Augusta xenophobically added : ‘ … a sort of national prejudice made me attribute the grace and dignity of the scene , for what there was of either came from her , to the blood of Kirkpatrick ! ! ! ’ , a reference to Eugénie 's Scottish grandfather
so wrote lady augusta bruce to the duchess of kent , who passed the letter on to her daughter , the queen . lady augusta xenophobically added : ‘ … a sort of national prejudice made me [characteristic] the grace and dignity of the scene , for what there was of either came from her , to the blood of kirkpatrick ! ! ! ’ , a reference to eugénie 's scottish grandfather

With some , this view does not cohere with their other beliefs , and one can not attribute to them belief in any coherent justification of their acceptance of an obligation to obey .
with some , this view does not cohere with their other beliefs , and one can not [characteristic] to them belief in any coherent justification of their acceptance of an obligation to obey .

Incidentally , it was not until the end of the fifteenth century that the sand-glass was depicted as the attribute of Father Time .
incidentally , it was not until the end of the fifteenth century that the sand-glass was depicted as the [characteristic] of father time .

It is a good tradition , provided we add a fourth attribute , namely understanding ; for otherwise the fundamental life activities concerned with sex may become involved in fears , inhibitions and blind taboos .
it is a good tradition , provided we add a fourth [characteristic] , namely understanding ; for otherwise the fundamental life activities concerned with sex may become involved in fears , inhibitions and blind taboos .

The fourth attribute demanded by George Corner , that of understanding , is possible for the first time in the history of civilization ; but it is a possibility which so far is available to only a small minority of specialists .
the fourth [characteristic] demanded by george corner , that of understanding , is possible for the first time in the history of civilization ; but it is a possibility which so far is available to only a small minority of specialists .

The agency will attribute its growth — from billings of £60m in 1985 , when the company floated , to £160m in 1991 — to a strong creative culture , which focuses on Abbott .
the agency will [characteristic] its growth — from billings of £60m in 1985 , when the company floated , to £160m in 1991 — to a strong creative culture , which focuses on abbott .

They might be sorted by their identity into lorry , cars and bicycle , according to a particular attribute ( colour , shape , weight , size , texture , etc . )
they might be sorted by their identity into lorry , cars and bicycle , according to a particular [characteristic] ( colour , shape , weight , size , texture , etc . )

Logiblocks ( attribute blocks ) .
logiblocks ( [characteristic] blocks ) .

Other apparatus which is mathematically structured the set of ‘ logic ’ or ‘ attribute ’ blocks .
other apparatus which is mathematically structured the set of ‘ logic ’ or ‘ [characteristic] ’ blocks .

Responsibility is a desirable character attribute . Can a person be counted on to do what they agree to do ? If they fail will they assume responsibility for the failure or blame someone else ?
responsibility is a desirable character [characteristic] . can a person be counted on to do what they agree to do ? if they fail will they assume responsibility for the failure or blame someone else ?

If one were to follow Descartes and attribute that variability to the mind , then animals who were mindless in the opinion of Descartes and Kant would react reliably and predictably to injury .
if one were to follow descartes and [characteristic] that variability to the mind , then animals who were mindless in the opinion of descartes and kant would react reliably and predictably to injury .

The authors attribute the structure to a major basement fault .
the authors [characteristic] the structure to a major basement fault .

This suggests that to the criteria for trust wording a further one should be added : that the words be not only ‘ mediate ’ ( in the sense that they do not attribute property directly to the beneficiary ) but that they should also unequivocally attest the testator 's intention that a trustee should be under a legal obligation to a beneficiary .
this suggests that to the criteria for trust wording a further one should be added : that the words be not only ‘ mediate ’ ( in the sense that they do not [characteristic] property directly to the beneficiary ) but that they should also unequivocally attest the testator 's intention that a trustee should be under a legal obligation to a beneficiary .

Many successful companies in the most advanced industrial countries would attribute much of their success to revised approaches to quality assurance .
many successful companies in the most advanced industrial countries would [characteristic] much of their success to revised approaches to quality assurance .

The interesting question when it comes to human behaviour is how much to attribute to inheritance , both in the form of instincts and in predispositions to behave in certain ways , and how much to learning .
the interesting question when it comes to human behaviour is how much to [characteristic] to inheritance , both in the form of instincts and in predispositions to behave in certain ways , and how much to learning .

If someone is resistant to change , for example , you might attribute this behaviour to an underlying fear of change .
if someone is resistant to change , for example , you might [characteristic] this behaviour to an underlying fear of change .

There are detailed provisions which , following the precedent set by the 1985 Companies Act in the same context , attribute voting rights held by one person to another .
there are detailed provisions which , following the precedent set by the 1985 companies act in the same context , [characteristic] voting rights held by one person to another .

Indeed , about 50 per cent of the variation from person to person in mental activities can be attributed to variations in the strength of a single attribute , which , because of the great diversity of its expression , is called g , for general intelligence .
indeed , about 50 per cent of the variation from person to person in mental activities can be attributed to variations in the strength of a single [characteristic] , which , because of the great diversity of its expression , is called g , for general intelligence .

They may feel relaxed , drowsy and so on , and attribute these feelings to a special ‘ state ’ .
they may feel relaxed , drowsy and so on , and [characteristic] these feelings to a special ‘ state ’ .

The ‘ truth ’ is then assigned to one level or another yet although these effects may be real , different people will attribute the ‘ true ’ cause to different levels .
the ‘ truth ’ is then assigned to one level or another yet although these effects may be real , different people will [characteristic] the ‘ true ’ cause to different levels .

Rifts persistently occur within the human race , and one important cause could well be found in the tendency of human beings to group themselves together and rally around a particular banner for no other reason than to be able to identify another group as an ‘ enemy ’ upon whom can be laid the blame for hardship and misery suffered ; suffering which it has not been possible to attribute to any obvious cause .
rifts persistently occur within the human race , and one important cause could well be found in the tendency of human beings to group themselves together and rally around a particular banner for no other reason than to be able to identify another group as an ‘ enemy ’ upon whom can be laid the blame for hardship and misery suffered ; suffering which it has not been possible to [characteristic] to any obvious cause .

Sweezy , Mandel , Day , do not always attribute the same meaning to this .
sweezy , mandel , day , do not always [characteristic] the same meaning to this .

It is very tempting for parents to attribute their child 's awful behaviour to some simple external cause when the real problem lies within the family .
it is very tempting for parents to [characteristic] their child 's awful behaviour to some simple external cause when the real problem lies within the family .

It is all too easy to attribute changes in mood to drug therapy when in fact they have been the result of removing the patient from a stressful environment and providing him with support .
it is all too easy to [characteristic] changes in mood to drug therapy when in fact they have been the result of removing the patient from a stressful environment and providing him with support .

Some parents attribute incorrect or erroneous motives , desires or ideas to their children .
some parents [characteristic] incorrect or erroneous motives , desires or ideas to their children .

Group 2 errors include positional accuracy , attribute uncertainty , and generalization arising from data classification and spatial variations in map quality .
group 2 errors include positional accuracy , [characteristic] uncertainty , and generalization arising from data classification and spatial variations in map quality .

This scale-related generalization gives rise to both locational errors and attribute uncertainty .
this scale-related generalization gives rise to both locational errors and [characteristic] uncertainty .

This problem arises because each grid cell can only have a single attribute value and because the chosen grid dimensions are too large to resolve the spatial detail required .
this problem arises because each grid cell can only have a single [characteristic] value and because the chosen grid dimensions are too large to resolve the spatial detail required .

If a parent or teacher believes that a child is not very capable at a school subject , the adult may act surprised when the child succeeds , ascribing good performance to luck by saying something like this : “ Gee , you did a lot better than I expected ! ” When the child fails , the adult may explain the failure by referring to mediocre ability : “ You ’ re not very good at that , are you ? ” Girls get much more of this type of feedback than do boys , especially in math.60 In contrast , parents and teachers often attribute boys ’ poor performance to misbehavior and lack of motivation .
if a parent or teacher believes that a child is not very capable at a school subject , the adult may act surprised when the child succeeds , ascribing good performance to luck by saying something like this : “ gee , you did a lot better than i expected ! ” when the child fails , the adult may explain the failure by referring to mediocre ability : “ you ’ re not very good at that , are you ? ” girls get much more of this type of feedback than do boys , especially in math.60 in contrast , parents and teachers often [characteristic] boys ’ poor performance to misbehavior and lack of motivation .

We can not attribute to them an intention to have all Americans study together in the same classroom , nor can we burden their memory with a commitment to keep black and white forever apart .
we can not [characteristic] to them an intention to have all americans study together in the same classroom , nor can we burden their memory with a commitment to keep black and white forever apart .

The one attribute that suffuses everything in Los Angeles is its lively energy .
the one [characteristic] that suffuses everything in los angeles is its lively energy .

They attribute the change to a joint effort by program and finance offices to implement the Results Act and develop strategic plans .
they [characteristic] the change to a joint effort by program and finance offices to implement the results act and develop strategic plans .

The attribute `` value-added '' reflects a belief that the activity can not be eliminated without reducing the quantity , responsiveness , or quality of output required by a customer or organization .
the [characteristic] `` value-added '' reflects a belief that the activity can not be eliminated without reducing the quantity , responsiveness , or quality of output required by a customer or organization .

Bias The extent to which a measurement , sampling , or analytic method systematically underestimates or overestimates the true value of an attribute .
bias the extent to which a measurement , sampling , or analytic method systematically underestimates or overestimates the true value of an [characteristic] .

Construct An attribute , usually unobservable , such as educational attainment or socioeconomic status , that is represented by an observable measure .
construct an [characteristic] , usually unobservable , such as educational attainment or socioeconomic status , that is represented by an observable measure .

As a general point , we attribute the PM/mortality relationship in the 25 Short-term ozone mortality risk estimates may also be affected by the statistical issue discovered by the Health Effects Institute ( Greenbaum , 2002a ) .
as a general point , we [characteristic] the pm/mortality relationship in the 25 short-term ozone mortality risk estimates may also be affected by the statistical issue discovered by the health effects institute ( greenbaum , 2002a ) .

Khallad says he put the box cutter alongside tubes of toothpaste and shaving cream with metallic exteriors , so that if the metal detector at the airport was triggered , the inspector would attribute the alarm to the other items .
khallad says he put the box cutter alongside tubes of toothpaste and shaving cream with metallic exteriors , so that if the metal detector at the airport was triggered , the inspector would [characteristic] the alarm to the other items .

Since nothing was done with this information even in March , we do not attribute much significance to this failure alone .
since nothing was done with this information even in march , we do not [characteristic] much significance to this failure alone .

The complexity of bacterial population biology and genetics makes it practically impossible to trace bacteria ( or resistance factors ) from the farm to the hospital , or to directly attribute some fraction of new infections to agricultural antibiotic use .
the complexity of bacterial population biology and genetics makes it practically impossible to trace bacteria ( or resistance factors ) from the farm to the hospital , or to directly [characteristic] some fraction of new infections to agricultural antibiotic use .

Because the changes in weight are so similar in these two groups , it is implausible to attribute the weight loss in the intent-to-lose group to that intention .
because the changes in weight are so similar in these two groups , it is implausible to [characteristic] the weight loss in the intent-to-lose group to that intention .

Certainly since Erving Goffman 's seminal work on stigma in the early 1960s , stigma ( plural stigmata ) has been recognized as “ an attribute that is significantly discrediting , ” and it is known as a potent and painful force in individual lives [ 15 ] .
certainly since erving goffman 's seminal work on stigma in the early 1960s , stigma ( plural stigmata ) has been recognized as “ an [characteristic] that is significantly discrediting , ” and it is known as a potent and painful force in individual lives [ 15 ] .

At Goodwill , Michael 's counselors felt that his personable demeanor could be a major attribute and identified for him a possible job-match where his people skills could shine .
at goodwill , michael 's counselors felt that his personable demeanor could be a major [characteristic] and identified for him a possible job-match where his people skills could shine .

The two papers attribute the weak exports and strong imports behind the gap to the global economic downturn .
the two papers [characteristic] the weak exports and strong imports behind the gap to the global economic downturn .

This erosion of the distinction between whole humans and their parts -- technicians will be able to tweak your cells either way -- brings into question the moral privileges we attribute to whole humans , such as personhood and bodily integrity .
this erosion of the distinction between whole humans and their parts -- technicians will be able to tweak your cells either way -- brings into question the moral privileges we [characteristic] to whole humans , such as personhood and bodily integrity .

This book lacks the scope of his earlier works , and at times the language dips into cliché , but some reviewers attribute this to a poor translation .
this book lacks the scope of his earlier works , and at times the language dips into cliché , but some reviewers [characteristic] this to a poor translation .

Rich people may be happier overall and may therefore attribute more value to the `` future life minutes '' that they would be giving up by eating that cake .
rich people may be happier overall and may therefore [characteristic] more value to the `` future life minutes '' that they would be giving up by eating that cake .

The performance of the economy during his administration has been good , and although I do n't attribute very much of that to him , at least he has not been an obstacle .
the performance of the economy during his administration has been good , and although i do n't [characteristic] very much of that to him , at least he has not been an obstacle .

Giving it a second look , critics attribute the show 's appeal to its unconventional plots and insights into contemporary young women .
giving it a second look , critics [characteristic] the show 's appeal to its unconventional plots and insights into contemporary young women .

Broadway congratulates itself on its recent success -- ticket sales increased 12 percent this year -- which critics grudgingly attribute to investments by Disney and Michael Ovitz 's company Livent .
broadway congratulates itself on its recent success -- ticket sales increased 12 percent this year -- which critics grudgingly [characteristic] to investments by disney and michael ovitz 's company livent .

Critics attribute the show 's cult following to the timeless power of bathroom humor and to its dark and clever plots , such as a thwarted assassination attempt on Kathie Lee Gifford .
critics [characteristic] the show 's cult following to the timeless power of bathroom humor and to its dark and clever plots , such as a thwarted assassination attempt on kathie lee gifford .

Reports attribute his decision not to become a dean at Pepperdine University to angry objections from his staff and GOP leaders .
reports [characteristic] his decision not to become a dean at pepperdine university to angry objections from his staff and gop leaders .

They attribute his enduring popularity to his complex persona , which coupled upper-class urbanity with working-class gruffness and machismo with tenderness .
they [characteristic] his enduring popularity to his complex persona , which coupled upper-class urbanity with working-class gruffness and machismo with tenderness .

Attribute some of the doctors ' enthusiasm to the novelty of their powers .
[characteristic] some of the doctors ' enthusiasm to the novelty of their powers .

Like cartoon superheroes , each candidate has but a single attribute , generally as useless as the Green Lantern 's illuminability , or greenability , or whatever freakish power he had .
like cartoon superheroes , each candidate has but a single [characteristic] , generally as useless as the green lantern 's illuminability , or greenability , or whatever freakish power he had .

Others attribute their selflessness to environmental programming .
others [characteristic] their selflessness to environmental programming .

Still , I am one of the only men I know here who has never been drastically short of money ( so far ) , and that I attribute to hearing his rules of prudence .
still , i am one of the only men i know here who has never been drastically short of money ( so far ) , and that i [characteristic] to hearing his rules of prudence .

By not explaining why it is invidious -- simply taking this for granted -- and saying that I treat Holocaust memory in America as all `` instrumental , '' you attribute to me the view that American Holocaust memory is somehow discreditable .
by not explaining why it is invidious -- simply taking this for granted -- and saying that i treat holocaust memory in america as all `` instrumental , '' you [characteristic] to me the view that american holocaust memory is somehow discreditable .

That Michael Brus can find no difference between these practices -- or that he is willing to attribute it all to the `` fudge factor '' -- shows he does n't get it .
that michael brus can find no difference between these practices -- or that he is willing to [characteristic] it all to the `` fudge factor '' -- shows he does n't get it .

While I give Reagan credit for recognizing the value of working with Gorbachev and doing nothing to obstruct the changes that were occurring and that were quickly moving well beyond what Gorbachev himself wanted , I can see no basis on which to attribute the central role in this great historical event to him .
while i give reagan credit for recognizing the value of working with gorbachev and doing nothing to obstruct the changes that were occurring and that were quickly moving well beyond what gorbachev himself wanted , i can see no basis on which to [characteristic] the central role in this great historical event to him .

Some metric advocates attribute America 's non-conversion to national character .
some metric advocates [characteristic] america 's non-conversion to national character .

Some attribute Gore 's problems to `` Clinton fatigue , '' but Shields ( Newshour ) notes that Clinton 's approval rating is higher than Reagan 's was in 1987 .
some [characteristic] gore 's problems to `` clinton fatigue , '' but shields ( newshour ) notes that clinton 's approval rating is higher than reagan 's was in 1987 .

Has there been any sort of change in their writing or reading skills that you can attribute to them ?
has there been any sort of change in their writing or reading skills that you can [characteristic] to them ?

USA Today runs the Senate results on Page 8 , leading instead with the FBI 's quiet efforts to warn local police about the possibility that anti-government militias and hate groups will become increasingly dangerous in the coming year because of the apocalyptic significance some of them attribute to the new millennium .
usa today runs the senate results on page 8 , leading instead with the fbi 's quiet efforts to warn local police about the possibility that anti-government militias and hate groups will become increasingly dangerous in the coming year because of the apocalyptic significance some of them [characteristic] to the new millennium .

My only complaint with the IRS is that they seem to be lagging in the computer area , a problem I attribute to the politicization of the IRS 's top management .
my only complaint with the irs is that they seem to be lagging in the computer area , a problem i [characteristic] to the politicization of the irs 's top management .

You may want to clarify , however , that polar fleece is not a recognized attribute of FashionSense in any color .
you may want to clarify , however , that polar fleece is not a recognized [characteristic] of fashionsense in any color .

While some would love to attribute his current courageous ( albeit quixotic ) stance as some kind of personal vendetta against Microsoft , the diversity of his actions in the past make it plain that his concerns lie with the anti-competitive and monopolistic practices of this or any other company , and not with the company itself ( or Bill Gates ) .
while some would love to [characteristic] his current courageous ( albeit quixotic ) stance as some kind of personal vendetta against microsoft , the diversity of his actions in the past make it plain that his concerns lie with the anti-competitive and monopolistic practices of this or any other company , and not with the company itself ( or bill gates ) .

Match the 60 Minutes II correspondent with the impressive attribute ascribed to him or her by gushing executive producer Jeff Fager .
match the 60 minutes ii correspondent with the impressive [characteristic] ascribed to him or her by gushing executive producer jeff fager .

I 'm less genial than some of my Oklahoma kinfolk , even if I share in the mediocrity you sweepingly attribute to those of us who live within this portion of the United States .
i 'm less genial than some of my oklahoma kinfolk , even if i share in the mediocrity you sweepingly [characteristic] to those of us who live within this portion of the united states .

They attribute all Microsoft 's missteps to Gates-bad PR , bad legal strategy , underestimation of the Internet-and infer that Gates must have been bad at everything Ballmer is good at : administration , finding new revenue sources , and avoiding bad investments .
they [characteristic] all microsoft 's missteps to gates-bad pr , bad legal strategy , underestimation of the internet-and infer that gates must have been bad at everything ballmer is good at : administration , finding new revenue sources , and avoiding bad investments .

Neighbors attribute decency to the killer next door because the standard of behavior required for being a good neighbor is so extremely low .
neighbors [characteristic] decency to the killer next door because the standard of behavior required for being a good neighbor is so extremely low .

Some -- such as Stephanopoulos and Williams -- attribute it to the front-loaded primary season and the GOP 's White House hunger .
some -- such as stephanopoulos and williams -- [characteristic] it to the front-loaded primary season and the gop 's white house hunger .

His humor is his least noticed attribute , probably because it is so widespread .
his humor is his least noticed [characteristic] , probably because it is so widespread .

The NYT notes that experts attribute the decline in new cancer cases to changes in behavior , most notably a drop in smoking , and the decline in deaths to increased screening and better therapies , but the paper also observes that these positive trends are not equally benefiting all Americans .
the nyt notes that experts [characteristic] the decline in new cancer cases to changes in behavior , most notably a drop in smoking , and the decline in deaths to increased screening and better therapies , but the paper also observes that these positive trends are not equally benefiting all americans .

Here 's a tip , though : `` failure to attribute phrasing '' means `` plagiarism . ''
here 's a tip , though : `` failure to [characteristic] phrasing '' means `` plagiarism . ''

Astrong desire to make economics less like a science and more like literary criticism is a surprisingly common attribute of anti-academic writers on the subject .
astrong desire to make economics less like a science and more like literary criticism is a surprisingly common [characteristic] of anti-academic writers on the subject .

You might be tempted to attribute this inability to raise taxes to administrative incompetence in a country unaccustomed to dealing with free markets .
you might be tempted to [characteristic] this inability to raise taxes to administrative incompetence in a country unaccustomed to dealing with free markets .

In fairness , Amar would attribute these views not to himself but to the framers of our Bill of Rights .
in fairness , amar would [characteristic] these views not to himself but to the framers of our bill of rights .

Analysts attribute the sell-off to tax incentives arriving with the new year and to heightened fears of an interest-rate hike when the Federal Reserve Board meets on Feb. 1 .
analysts [characteristic] the sell-off to tax incentives arriving with the new year and to heightened fears of an interest-rate hike when the federal reserve board meets on feb. 1 .

The WP and LAT attribute the quip to Gary Bauer .
the wp and lat [characteristic] the quip to gary bauer .

To suppress the image of homosexuality as a vice , Clinton and Birch attribute civic virtues to gays .
to suppress the image of homosexuality as a vice , clinton and birch [characteristic] civic virtues to gays .

It would be charitable to attribute the shapelessness of the early scenes to the characters ' own lack of focus , but it would also be inane .
it would be charitable to [characteristic] the shapelessness of the early scenes to the characters ' own lack of focus , but it would also be inane .

Match the advertised attribute with the nation .
match the advertised [characteristic] with the nation .

Prudie wishes she could attribute the phrase to the proper person , but some clever soul named the bearers of implants `` the balloon smugglers . ''
prudie wishes she could [characteristic] the phrase to the proper person , but some clever soul named the bearers of implants `` the balloon smugglers . ''

This may be just the first of many armed confrontations NATO plans to attribute to `` peace . ''
this may be just the first of many armed confrontations nato plans to [characteristic] to `` peace . ''

Attribute part of Zaire 's current crisis to the boundaries it inherited from its Belgian colonizers .
[characteristic] part of zaire 's current crisis to the boundaries it inherited from its belgian colonizers .

Attribute this in part to massive government subsidies given to Great Wall , China 's national aerospace company .
[characteristic] this in part to massive government subsidies given to great wall , china 's national aerospace company .

Some attribute the new separatism to black demagogues in politics and the academy who deliberately exploit black anxieties to further their careers .
some [characteristic] the new separatism to black demagogues in politics and the academy who deliberately exploit black anxieties to further their careers .

Take Albania , which averaged 8.4 percent growth during this period -- and attribute much ( perhaps all ) of its measured growth to a massive Ponzi scheme , which collapsed this winter , bringing down the entire Albanian economy .
take albania , which averaged 8.4 percent growth during this period -- and [characteristic] much ( perhaps all ) of its measured growth to a massive ponzi scheme , which collapsed this winter , bringing down the entire albanian economy .

Naturally we 'd like to attribute it to our excellent editorial product and to the kindness and enthusiasm of Slate readers in spreading the word .
naturally we 'd like to [characteristic] it to our excellent editorial product and to the kindness and enthusiasm of slate readers in spreading the word .

As for `` prosperity , '' Republicans certainly did n't attribute their victories of 1984 and 1988 to a fortuitously good economy .
as for `` prosperity , '' republicans certainly did n't [characteristic] their victories of 1984 and 1988 to a fortuitously good economy .

The U.S. players were humiliated and , in contrast to American post-major-victory tradition , did not attribute the outcome to Jesus Christ .
the u.s. players were humiliated and , in contrast to american post-major-victory tradition , did not [characteristic] the outcome to jesus christ .

Whereas Jane Roe and John Doe at least give a nod to status based on the fact of mere personhood , the new terminology seems to confer status on the basis of some salient generic attribute -- consider `` occupant , '' `` head of household , '' `` user , '' `` the consumer . ''
whereas jane roe and john doe at least give a nod to status based on the fact of mere personhood , the new terminology seems to confer status on the basis of some salient generic [characteristic] -- consider `` occupant , '' `` head of household , '' `` user , '' `` the consumer . ''

Former head of the AFL-CIO Lane Kirkland , whom Reich portrays unsympathetically in several private dialogues , protested in a recent letter to Reich : `` I did not , in fact , utter the words that you attribute to me in various places , in direct quotation marks , as though you were repeating my words verbatim . ''
former head of the afl-cio lane kirkland , whom reich portrays unsympathetically in several private dialogues , protested in a recent letter to reich : `` i did not , in fact , utter the words that you [characteristic] to me in various places , in direct quotation marks , as though you were repeating my words verbatim . ''

The Journal says analysts attribute this to Apple 's failure to provide a price-competitive entry in the booming market of computers selling for under $ 1,000 .
the journal says analysts [characteristic] this to apple 's failure to provide a price-competitive entry in the booming market of computers selling for under $ 1,000 .

The New York Times takes note of Cohen 's advisory too , but does n't attribute any market action to it .
the new york times takes note of cohen 's advisory too , but does n't [characteristic] any market action to it .

Privy and closet are examples of euphemism by metonymy , which is the substitution of the name of an attribute of a thing for the thing itself : a toilet is a private place , therefore a privy .
privy and closet are examples of euphemism by metonymy , which is the substitution of the name of an [characteristic] of a thing for the thing itself : a toilet is a private place , therefore a privy .

Some thirty years ago , I proposed that the most relevantly useful attribute of citations was their exposure , that is , the number of people who , on the basis of readership statistics , could be assumed to be reading and listening to the manifestations of language presented in books , newspapers , magazines , and radio and television broadcasts [ Word , XXVI , 3 : An Unabridged Word Count of English ] .
some thirty years ago , i proposed that the most relevantly useful [characteristic] of citations was their exposure , that is , the number of people who , on the basis of readership statistics , could be assumed to be reading and listening to the manifestations of language presented in books , newspapers , magazines , and radio and television broadcasts [ word , xxvi , 3 : an unabridged word count of english ] .

That some of the terms , like the practices , are nearly as old as printing cuts or ought to cut the ground out from under those authorities who attribute it all to the '60s ' and post-'60s ' generations .
that some of the terms , like the practices , are nearly as old as printing cuts or ought to cut the ground out from under those authorities who [characteristic] it all to the '60s ' and post-'60s ' generations .

The matter is much more serious , for Prof. Skeat has thereby been led to attribute to himself entirely a derivation for the word Cambridge which I propounded , both in N. & Q. and in the Athenæum , so far back as 1869 ... .
the matter is much more serious , for prof. skeat has thereby been led to [characteristic] to himself entirely a derivation for the word cambridge which i propounded , both in n. & q. and in the athenæum , so far back as 1869 ... .

Prof. Skeat does , indeed , in his last and longest note ( I mean the one in the Cambridge Review ) go into the question as to how it came to pass that the a in Cambridge is pronounced long as in came -- a point which I had not considered -- and he also differs from me in attributing , without any apparent evidence , the change of the Gr of Granta into the C of Canta to the Anglo-French scribes of the twelfth century ; for I was , and am still , disposed to attribute it , in part at least , to the undoubted confusion between the old forms of Cambridge and of Canterbury which I have pointed out in both my notes .
prof. skeat does , indeed , in his last and longest note ( i mean the one in the cambridge review ) go into the question as to how it came to pass that the a in cambridge is pronounced long as in came -- a point which i had not considered -- and he also differs from me in attributing , without any apparent evidence , the change of the gr of granta into the c of canta to the anglo-french scribes of the twelfth century ; for i was , and am still , disposed to [characteristic] it , in part at least , to the undoubted confusion between the old forms of cambridge and of canterbury which i have pointed out in both my notes .

One must be very cautious in proposing etymologies that attribute the origin of a word to playfulness or frivolity : they often turn out to be folk etymologies and totally empty of anything more than hollow speculation .
one must be very cautious in proposing etymologies that [characteristic] the origin of a word to playfulness or frivolity : they often turn out to be folk etymologies and totally empty of anything more than hollow speculation .

Modern commentators , however , will not attribute charisma to those they do not like .
modern commentators , however , will not [characteristic] charisma to those they do not like .

However , I have the same criticism of Philip Howard 's commentaries on language published , from time to time , in The Times and , formerly , in these pages , and I can only attribute attrition among VERBATIM subscribers to that and other weaknesses in myself .
however , i have the same criticism of philip howard 's commentaries on language published , from time to time , in the times and , formerly , in these pages , and i can only [characteristic] attrition among verbatim subscribers to that and other weaknesses in myself .

In that connection I am constrained to express my skepticism about the accuracy and wisdom of diagnosing everyone who has difficulty learning to read and write as being afflicted with dyslexia : learning is sometimes difficult -- I had terrible trouble with history when I was a student -- and it is wrong to attribute a large percentage of failures and difficulties to some disorder rather than to the ( possible ) failings of a teacher or , more often , to a simple lack of interest and motivation in the student .
in that connection i am constrained to express my skepticism about the accuracy and wisdom of diagnosing everyone who has difficulty learning to read and write as being afflicted with dyslexia : learning is sometimes difficult -- i had terrible trouble with history when i was a student -- and it is wrong to [characteristic] a large percentage of failures and difficulties to some disorder rather than to the ( possible ) failings of a teacher or , more often , to a simple lack of interest and motivation in the student .

Humility is a desirable attribute of those who deal with language , and it ill behooves purists and precisions to turn their noses up at vulgarians and others who fail to preserve the language in its supposedly pristine condition .
humility is a desirable [characteristic] of those who deal with language , and it ill behooves purists and precisions to turn their noses up at vulgarians and others who fail to preserve the language in its supposedly pristine condition .

Because computers simulate many human activities , it is not surprising that we should attribute all kinds of human characteristics to them .
because computers simulate many human activities , it is not surprising that we should [characteristic] all kinds of human characteristics to them .

