They have a great advantage in ease of audit time and payment .
they have a great advantage in ease of [check] time and payment .

Travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control .
travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or [check] control .

Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund .
madden inquired next about the [check] of the scholarship fund .

There was an annual audit , Garth informed him .
there was an annual [check] , garth informed him .

The Audit Commission had strongly criticised the county council 's financial policy .
the [check] commission had strongly criticised the county council 's financial policy .

The Council 's Audit Department and Thames Valley police have been investigating the fraud for the past fortnight .
the council 's [check] department and thames valley police have been investigating the fraud for the past fortnight .

The Audit Commission described the wardens as the ’ Cinderellas of law enforcement ’ .
the [check] commission described the wardens as the ’ cinderellas of law enforcement ’ .

Goldring Audit . Would you ?
goldring [check] . would you ?

Something Audit ?
something [check] ?

Goldring Audit .
goldring [check] .

Think of Gold ring on your finger audit , when the bookkeeper comes .
think of gold ring on your finger [check] , when the bookkeeper comes .

The revenge of the educationists comes in the wake of extensive trawls through universities for research ratings , quality assessments of teaching and an audit of the quality assurance systems themselves .
the revenge of the educationists comes in the wake of extensive trawls through universities for research ratings , quality assessments of teaching and an [check] of the quality assurance systems themselves .

He told shareholders the latest sums were £33,000 in settlement of a civil action by the club — £15,000 of that the cost of an audit investigation — and £838 in a case involving credit cards .
he told shareholders the latest sums were £33,000 in settlement of a civil action by the club — £15,000 of that the cost of an [check] investigation — and £838 in a case involving credit cards .

Much closer liaison now exists with the other fiscal authorities within the community and a system of audit based controls will enable the sales values provided on these listings to be compared with declared purchases in other member states and vice versa .
much closer liaison now exists with the other fiscal authorities within the community and a system of [check] based controls will enable the sales values provided on these listings to be compared with declared purchases in other member states and vice versa .

The problem was found by the National Audit Office during an audit of the Social Fund , which provides loans to meet maternity expenses , funeral costs , heating during periods of cold weather , ‘ important ’ intermittent expenses , and in emergencies or disasters .
the problem was found by the national [check] office during an [check] of the social fund , which provides loans to meet maternity expenses , funeral costs , heating during periods of cold weather , ‘ important ’ intermittent expenses , and in emergencies or disasters .

Gordon Lind , chairman of Monklands West Conservatives , claimed that Monklands had misused public funds in its pursuit of the paper and he said he would call on the Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang , and the local government Controller of Audit to investigate .
gordon lind , chairman of monklands west conservatives , claimed that monklands had misused public funds in its pursuit of the paper and he said he would call on the scottish secretary , ian lang , and the local government controller of [check] to investigate .

The research project would not simply be an audit , nor was it being commissioned as an expression of lack of confidence .
the research project would not simply be an [check] , nor was it being commissioned as an expression of lack of confidence .

The new system should allow for one audit to be acceptable to all purchasers of training .
the new system should allow for one [check] to be acceptable to all purchasers of training .

In particular , the federation welcomed the introduction of income tax self assessment and the proposed reduction of audit burden for small businesses .
in particular , the federation welcomed the introduction of income tax self assessment and the proposed reduction of [check] burden for small businesses .

His plans to introduce income tax self-assessment and to reduce the audit burden were welcomed last night by small business organisations .
his plans to introduce income tax self-assessment and to reduce the [check] burden were welcomed last night by small business organisations .

The Chancellor 's aim is to reduce the administrative burden on small businesses , and the reform will be accompanied by a document examining the need for the statutory audit for small incorporated businesses .
the chancellor 's aim is to reduce the administrative burden on small businesses , and the reform will be accompanied by a document examining the need for the statutory [check] for small incorporated businesses .

The consultative document on the need for the statutory audit for small incorporated businesses will be issued shortly by Michael Heseltine , president of the Board of Trade , the Chancellor said .
the consultative document on the need for the statutory [check] for small incorporated businesses will be issued shortly by michael heseltine , president of the board of trade , the chancellor said .

The problem was discovered last February during a final audit and the director was asked to leave .
the problem was discovered last february during a final [check] and the director was asked to leave .

The ‘ missing ’ £10 million has been estimated by the independent National Audit Office in a report published earlier this month .
the ‘ missing ’ £10 million has been estimated by the independent national [check] office in a report published earlier this month .

But the National Audit Office , using Finnish-based international forestry consultants , overseas visits and information from Canadian forests , concluded that there was still room for improvement .
but the national [check] office , using finnish-based international forestry consultants , overseas visits and information from canadian forests , concluded that there was still room for improvement .

An audit office analysis of 2,300 forest areas revealed that 49 per cent of trees were being felled on average more than five years before , or after , their age of theoretical maximum economic return .
an [check] office analysis of 2,300 forest areas revealed that 49 per cent of trees were being felled on average more than five years before , or after , their age of theoretical maximum economic return .

The audit office also found that the Forestry Commission had not been consistently monitoring variations between its overall plan and adapted local programmes .
the [check] office also found that the forestry commission had not been consistently monitoring variations between its overall plan and adapted local programmes .

The main problem , according to the audit office , is that there is no clear link between the commission 's production plans and actual production , making it impossible to identify the full extent of variations between planned , programmed , and actual forest areas supplying timber .
the main problem , according to the [check] office , is that there is no clear link between the commission 's production plans and actual production , making it impossible to identify the full extent of variations between planned , programmed , and actual forest areas supplying timber .

It 's a problem the Forestry Commission must tackle to make the most of income from timber , say the audit office .
it 's a problem the forestry commission must tackle to make the most of income from timber , say the [check] office .

‘ If the National Audit Office inquiry is to be full and fair it must take into account all the relevant factors .
‘ if the national [check] office inquiry is to be full and fair it must take into account all the relevant factors .

Until an audit was done at the unit we did n't realise quite how much , but we do require donations for us to be here .
until an [check] was done at the unit we did n't realise quite how much , but we do require donations for us to be here .

Environmental audit
environmental [check]

Environmental audit — Most staff are in favour of this , but management is against it .
environmental [check] — most staff are in favour of this , but management is against it .

Mark Segal said that the Union should have a full discussion because an audit may recommend changes in working practise .
mark segal said that the union should have a full discussion because an [check] may recommend changes in working practise .

The recruits have been signed up to carry out a door-to-door ‘ skills audit ’ in East Middlesbrough .
the recruits have been signed up to carry out a door-to-door ‘ skills [check] ’ in east middlesbrough .

‘ It is very important that the audit is carried out by local people .
‘ it is very important that the [check] is carried out by local people .

The consensus in the markets is that the newly-formed audit committee , made up of board members , is examining more than last years figures .
the consensus in the markets is that the newly-formed [check] committee , made up of board members , is examining more than last years figures .

The 32-strong Skills Audit Team , recruited to find out all about the skills and work experience of the people living in the eastern district of the town , met for the last time yesterday at the end of a ten-week project .
the 32-strong skills [check] team , recruited to find out all about the skills and work experience of the people living in the eastern district of the town , met for the last time yesterday at the end of a ten-week project .

He said the skills audit had been a success both for the people who took part in it , and for the City Challenge area .
he said the skills [check] had been a success both for the people who took part in it , and for the city challenge area .

The Skills Audit was the first City Challenge project to get underway and the team carried out interviews in about 10,000 households in the area .
the skills [check] was the first city challenge project to get underway and the team carried out interviews in about 10,000 households in the area .

Crime audit :
crime [check] :

The National Audit Office in its oversight of the work of the Inland Revenue revealed what triggered the probe into suspected widespread tax evasion by farmers .
the national [check] office in its oversight of the work of the inland revenue revealed what triggered the probe into suspected widespread tax evasion by farmers .

This followed the National Audit Office report stating that it may be appropriate for the present procedures for examining farm accounts to be strengthened , ‘ particularly if widespread tax evasion is confirmed .
this followed the national [check] office report stating that it may be appropriate for the present procedures for examining farm accounts to be strengthened , ‘ particularly if widespread tax evasion is confirmed .

The mistake was highlighted in a report from the National Audit Office .
the mistake was highlighted in a report from the national [check] office .

The authority 's internal audit division will try to identify the person who gave a building surveyor details of people who have just had home improvement grants approved .
the authority 's internal [check] division will try to identify the person who gave a building surveyor details of people who have just had home improvement grants approved .

The ministry spends £55m on low-flying training because it does not have realistic simulators , the National Audit Office said .
the ministry spends £55m on low-flying training because it does not have realistic simulators , the national [check] office said .

Robin commented : ‘ The operation of the monthly audit has drawn the regional operations closer and assisted us in meeting even higher customer service standards .
robin commented : ‘ the operation of the monthly [check] has drawn the regional operations closer and assisted us in meeting even higher customer service standards .

Their top class operation was recognised recently with first place in northern region 's quarterly audit checks .
their top class operation was recognised recently with first place in northern region 's quarterly [check] checks .

The Celomer factory in Gonfreville has been approved by Deutsche Airbus after top executives carried out a quality audit .
the celomer factory in gonfreville has been approved by deutsche airbus after top executives carried out a quality [check] .

This year 's award was presented to , Spondon-based head of Financial Management and Audit Services , who organises the programme .
this year 's award was presented to , spondon-based head of financial management and [check] services , who organises the programme .

Wearing his environmental manager 's hat , Mike 's responsibilities are to monitor , audit and minimise the environmental impact of the business .
wearing his environmental manager 's hat , mike 's responsibilities are to monitor , [check] and minimise the environmental impact of the business .

The external audit showed an openness to change among the employees and no instant desire to blame other departments when things went wrong .
the external [check] showed an openness to change among the employees and no instant desire to blame other departments when things went wrong .

An audit office spokesman said : ‘ The Benefits Agency is quite confident it will track down most of the money .
an [check] office spokesman said : ‘ the benefits agency is quite confident it will track down most of the money .

Waiting list monitoring , outpatient department review , observation , visits erm nursing audit , medical audit , care review , qualifications check .
waiting list monitoring , outpatient department review , observation , visits erm nursing [check] , medical [check] , care review , qualifications check .

Linking together a series of public initiatives involving the District Audit Service , the government 's Financial Management Initiative , the work of the Select Committee on Social Services , the Audit Commission and the Social Services Inspectorate , they examine the impact of the three Es , ‘ economy , efficiency and effectiveness ’ in the provision of public services .
linking together a series of public initiatives involving the district [check] service , the government 's financial management initiative , the work of the select committee on social services , the [check] commission and the social services inspectorate , they examine the impact of the three es , ‘ economy , efficiency and effectiveness ’ in the provision of public services .

They should have debriefing sessions with their own counsellor at least monthly and should have a commitment to audit and reaccreditation .
they should have debriefing sessions with their own counsellor at least monthly and should have a commitment to [check] and reaccreditation .

After this workshop participants will know : how to start managing energy ; how to conduct an energy audit ; the effect of building design ; how to present a financial case ; how to establish on-going controls .
after this workshop participants will know : how to start managing energy ; how to conduct an energy [check] ; the effect of building design ; how to present a financial case ; how to establish on-going controls .

This point has been made strongly about the Home Help Service , arguably the most crucial support for old people in the community , by Goldberg and Connelly ( 1982 ) , and more recently by the Audit Commission ( 1985 ) .
this point has been made strongly about the home help service , arguably the most crucial support for old people in the community , by goldberg and connelly ( 1982 ) , and more recently by the [check] commission ( 1985 ) .

What is central to the life of an elder may be marginal to each of the several organisations providing services , and , as recently reiterated by the Audit Commission ( 1986 ) , can easily be missed in their selective assessments .
what is central to the life of an elder may be marginal to each of the several organisations providing services , and , as recently reiterated by the [check] commission ( 1986 ) , can easily be missed in their selective assessments .

Within this hospital all aspects of operation and service provision were recently subject to an audit by the King 's Fund from which we subsequently received accreditation .
within this hospital all aspects of operation and service provision were recently subject to an [check] by the king 's fund from which we subsequently received accreditation .

The monitoring process is not an end in itself , and the resulting audit identified training needs for trained and untrained nursing home staff .
the monitoring process is not an end in itself , and the resulting [check] identified training needs for trained and untrained nursing home staff .

Perineal audit
perineal [check]

The annual audit , due in April , would have uncovered the swindle .
the annual [check] , due in april , would have uncovered the swindle .

Although the exact nature of the code of conduct is undecided , ideas being mooted include getting companies who wish to join to sign an agreement letting the Association audit their customer support lines and manufacturing processes .
although the exact nature of the code of conduct is undecided , ideas being mooted include getting companies who wish to join to sign an agreement letting the association [check] their customer support lines and manufacturing processes .

Also on offer is a Home Energy Audit .
also on offer is a home energy [check] .

The ambivalence about providing services for elderly people was reflected in the report of the Audit Commission ( 1985 ) which analysed dependency and service provision without specifically mentioning the field workers who will do much of that work .
the ambivalence about providing services for elderly people was reflected in the report of the [check] commission ( 1985 ) which analysed dependency and service provision without specifically mentioning the field workers who will do much of that work .

The extension of this power in 1983 to cover elderly people in residential care and nursing homes led to the growth in the number of private home places , which more than doubled from 1979–84 , and was estimated to be continuing to rise ( Audit Commission , 1986 ) .
the extension of this power in 1983 to cover elderly people in residential care and nursing homes led to the growth in the number of private home places , which more than doubled from 1979–84 , and was estimated to be continuing to rise ( [check] commission , 1986 ) .

Efforts to change the situation were recommended ( Audit Commission , 1986 ; Griffiths , 1988 ; Wagner , 1988 ) .
efforts to change the situation were recommended ( [check] commission , 1986 ; griffiths , 1988 ; wagner , 1988 ) .

Usually , if a company collapses after receiving a clean audit report , one simply leaps to the assumption that the auditors got it wrong .
usually , if a company collapses after receiving a clean [check] report , one simply leaps to the assumption that the auditors got it wrong .

This time , the audit report was heavily qualified , or rather , to be precise , the auditors were unable to express an opinion .
this time , the [check] report was heavily qualified , or rather , to be precise , the auditors were unable to express an opinion .

Mr Ramrath holds a German qualification as auditor ( Wirtschaftsprufer ) , and was employed by an audit firm in Luxembourg .
mr ramrath holds a german qualification as auditor ( wirtschaftsprufer ) , and was employed by an [check] firm in luxembourg .

However , when subsequently he became employed solely by an audit firm established in Germany , and thus ceased to fulfil the conditions described above , his authorisation to practise in Luxembourg was cancelled .
however , when subsequently he became employed solely by an [check] firm established in germany , and thus ceased to fulfil the conditions described above , his authorisation to practise in luxembourg was cancelled .

Sir , — My firm were appointed auditors of a private company in May 1992 , and , due to the previous auditor being unable to act , carried out the audit of the financial statements for the year ended 30 September 1991 .
sir , — my firm were appointed auditors of a private company in may 1992 , and , due to the previous auditor being unable to act , carried out the [check] of the financial statements for the year ended 30 september 1991 .

Remote control audit
remote control [check]

The surprising point that has occurred with regard to my own business is that other supposed chartered accountants have been preparing fully audited accounts without ever setting foot in the premises that they are conducting the audit for .
the surprising point that has occurred with regard to my own business is that other supposed chartered accountants have been preparing fully audited accounts without ever setting foot in the premises that they are conducting the [check] for .

The accountants ' cause received a small but unexpected boost last month when the California Supreme Court ruled that only clients could sue accounting firms for alleged professional negligence in the course of an audit .
the accountants ' cause received a small but unexpected boost last month when the california supreme court ruled that only clients could sue accounting firms for alleged professional negligence in the course of an [check] .

That statement was swiftly followed by a countersuit against Phar-Mor 's management , claiming unspecified damages and maintaining that it was unable to audit the company accurately because its financial statements were altered .
that statement was swiftly followed by a countersuit against phar-mor 's management , claiming unspecified damages and maintaining that it was unable to [check] the company accurately because its financial statements were altered .

Major audit firms have expressed serious reservations about the Auditing Practices Board 's proposals on going concern .
major [check] firms have expressed serious reservations about the auditing practices board 's proposals on going concern .

Criticism of the audit report proposals is less severe , but still material .
criticism of the [check] report proposals is less severe , but still material .

According to Ms Fearnley , the concentration of listed audit clients among a few firms could present difficulties .
according to ms fearnley , the concentration of listed [check] clients among a few firms could present difficulties .

Overall , private limited companies ' audit fees are much lower than those of plcs .
overall , private limited companies ' [check] fees are much lower than those of plcs .

The survey also shows that the audit market is dominated by the top 12 firms .
the survey also shows that the [check] market is dominated by the top 12 firms .

Although the companies surveyed paid out a total of £64.021m in audit fees to 1,674 different auditing firms , £36.893m of it ( 57.63 % ) went to the top 12 , which audit 28.66 % of them .
although the companies surveyed paid out a total of £64.021m in [check] fees to 1,674 different auditing firms , £36.893m of it ( 57.63 % ) went to the top 12 , which [check] 28.66 % of them .

Robson Rhodes ' national head of audit , Bill Smith , believes that the fault lies with the professional bodies , as much as with the larger firms .
robson rhodes ' national head of [check] , bill smith , believes that the fault lies with the professional bodies , as much as with the larger firms .

While the large firms were busy in the 1980s compromising the quality of audit in the search for fatter fees from more lucrative work , ‘ the professional bodies to which these accountants belong — possibly under a certain amount of external pressure — produced accounting ‘ standards ’ which allowed the management of businesses to portray results which were remote from the truth ' .
while the large firms were busy in the 1980s compromising the quality of [check] in the search for fatter fees from more lucrative work , ‘ the professional bodies to which these accountants belong — possibly under a certain amount of external pressure — produced accounting ‘ standards ’ which allowed the management of businesses to portray results which were remote from the truth ' .

When asked about audit regulation and reporting requirements , 478 firms ( 81% ) said there should be less control on work done for small companies , while 396 firms ( 67% ) wanted more regulation controlling the work done for large companies .
when asked about [check] regulation and reporting requirements , 478 firms ( 81% ) said there should be less control on work done for small companies , while 396 firms ( 67% ) wanted more regulation controlling the work done for large companies .

She says she has not lost a single client and has already won several new audit clients .
she says she has not lost a single client and has already won several new [check] clients .

This has two implications : any disclosures of uncertainties belong in the accounts , not in the audit report ; and there needs to be an accounting standard defining what disclosures are required before there can be an auditing standard .
this has two implications : any disclosures of uncertainties belong in the accounts , not in the [check] report ; and there needs to be an accounting standard defining what disclosures are required before there can be an auditing standard .

The Institute 's Auditing Committee forecasts that ‘ many audit reports on smaller companies would be qualified … and that such qualifications would recreate all the problems associated with the old ‘ Example 6 ’ opinion ' .
the institute 's auditing committee forecasts that ‘ many [check] reports on smaller companies would be qualified … and that such qualifications would recreate all the problems associated with the old ‘ example 6 ’ opinion ' .

But the Southampton office , which was a much more sophisticated audit practice with larger clients , encountered an increasing incidence of bad debts .
but the southampton office , which was a much more sophisticated [check] practice with larger clients , encountered an increasing incidence of bad debts .

The second underlying problem is unexpected company collapses , which are popularly assumed to indicate audit failures .
the second underlying problem is unexpected company collapses , which are popularly assumed to indicate [check] failures .

Surely , readers will say , an unqualified audit opinion that the accounts show a true and fair view suggests a degree of objectivity and reliability ?
surely , readers will say , an unqualified [check] opinion that the accounts show a true and fair view suggests a degree of objectivity and reliability ?

Tomkins made no major acquisitions during 1991/92 , and therefore decided that this was an ideal opportunity ‘ to ensure that we are obtaining the best quality audit worldwide , consistent with a justifiable level of cost ’ .
tomkins made no major acquisitions during 1991/92 , and therefore decided that this was an ideal opportunity ‘ to ensure that we are obtaining the best quality [check] worldwide , consistent with a justifiable level of cost ’ .

Metals trader Ferromet Group has received a heavily qualified audit report from Touche Ross on its accounts for the year ended 31 December 1991 .
metals trader ferromet group has received a heavily qualified [check] report from touche ross on its accounts for the year ended 31 december 1991 .

As a result of that financial position , the audit of the accounts of Ferromet Resources Inc and its non-UK subsidiaries for 1991 has been suspended .
as a result of that financial position , the [check] of the accounts of ferromet resources inc and its non-uk subsidiaries for 1991 has been suspended .

If the interim profits are verified by a bank 's internal audit department , then they will be included in tier 2 capital .
if the interim profits are verified by a bank 's internal [check] department , then they will be included in tier 2 capital .

( d ) failed to refer to the non-depreciation of freehold property in accordance with Statement of Standard Accounting Practice number 12 and in that he in London between 31 March 1989 and 23 May 1991 signed an audit report on the accounts of a limited company for the year ended 31 March 1989 which
( d ) failed to refer to the non-depreciation of freehold property in accordance with statement of standard accounting practice number 12 and in that he in london between 31 march 1989 and 23 may 1991 signed an [check] report on the accounts of a limited company for the year ended 31 march 1989 which

( d ) failed to refer to the non-depreciation of freehold property in accordance with Statement of Standard Accounting Practice number 12 and in that he in London between 31 March 1990 and 23 May 1991 signed an audit report on the accounts of a limited company for the year ended 31 March 1990 which
( d ) failed to refer to the non-depreciation of freehold property in accordance with statement of standard accounting practice number 12 and in that he in london between 31 march 1990 and 23 may 1991 signed an [check] report on the accounts of a limited company for the year ended 31 march 1990 which

Answer : about as much chance as lawyers have in preparing adequate audit .
answer : about as much chance as lawyers have in preparing adequate [check] .

internal audit
internal [check]

The note deals with the special factors to be taken into account in the annual audit of syndicates , managing agents and Lloyd 's brokers .
the note deals with the special factors to be taken into account in the annual [check] of syndicates , managing agents and lloyd 's brokers .

Also , since the sole proprietor and directing mind and will of the company was not misled by the audit report , the company could not claim to have been misled by it ; the company and its proprietor were in effect one and the same ( p 111 ; see also p 6 ) .
also , since the sole proprietor and directing mind and will of the company was not misled by the [check] report , the company could not claim to have been misled by it ; the company and its proprietor were in effect one and the same ( p 111 ; see also p 6 ) .

Since then the Financial Services Act 1986 and the Companies Act 1989 have required us to do likewise in relation to investment business and to audit work .
since then the financial services act 1986 and the companies act 1989 have required us to do likewise in relation to investment business and to [check] work .

Small company audit should go
small company [check] should go

The small company audit is costly , time-consuming and of no practical use to management , bankers , suppliers and customers , and should be abolished , according to a consultative paper recently issued by the Institute 's Financial Reporting and Auditing Group .
the small company [check] is costly , time-consuming and of no practical use to management , bankers , suppliers and customers , and should be abolished , according to a consultative paper recently issued by the institute 's financial reporting and auditing group .

Scrapping the audit could reduce the cost to companies by between 20 % and 55 % .
scrapping the [check] could reduce the cost to companies by between 20 % and 55 % .

Relaxation of the small company audit requirement has been Institute policy since the debate resumed in 1985 .
relaxation of the small company [check] requirement has been institute policy since the debate resumed in 1985 .

‘ Surveys have shown that the added value gained by small companies from the audit is generally perceived as poor . ’
‘ surveys have shown that the added value gained by small companies from the [check] is generally perceived as poor . ’

The Scottish Institute is currently finalising papers on the small company audit and disincorporation to be released shortly .
the scottish institute is currently finalising papers on the small company [check] and disincorporation to be released shortly .

But it also has long supported the idea that the small company audit should go .
but it also has long supported the idea that the small company [check] should go .

It agrees that companies should be publicly accountable in return for the privilege of limited liability , it says , but that accountability lies in filing the accounts , rather than their audit .
it agrees that companies should be publicly accountable in return for the privilege of limited liability , it says , but that accountability lies in filing the accounts , rather than their [check] .

‘ This suggests that the audit is not so much the price of limited liability as a protection for shareholders .
‘ this suggests that the [check] is not so much the price of limited liability as a protection for shareholders .

Bankers are generally in a position to make specific conditions for providing finance and so have little need for the audit , abbreviated accounts filed 10 months after the year end are of little value to trade suppliers and customers , and the Revenue 's reliance on audited accounts is ‘ largely illusory ’ , the Institute says .
bankers are generally in a position to make specific conditions for providing finance and so have little need for the [check] , abbreviated accounts filed 10 months after the year end are of little value to trade suppliers and customers , and the revenue 's reliance on audited accounts is ‘ largely illusory ’ , the institute says .

The Auditing Practices Board concurs with the Institute 's view , and suggests either that audit endorsement be restricted to those parts of the code capable of objective evaluation , or that a company 's audit committee should endorse the statement of compliance at a meeting attended by the auditors .
the auditing practices board concurs with the institute 's view , and suggests either that [check] endorsement be restricted to those parts of the code capable of objective evaluation , or that a company 's [check] committee should endorse the statement of compliance at a meeting attended by the auditors .

Audit committees
[check] committees

Within two years , all listed companies should set up effective audit committees .
within two years , all listed companies should set up effective [check] committees .

Fees paid to audit firms for non-audit work should be disclosed .
fees paid to [check] firms for non-audit work should be disclosed .

The profession should draw up guidelines on rotating audit partners .
the profession should draw up guidelines on rotating [check] partners .

Enhancing audit objectivity
enhancing [check] objectivity

Enhancing audit effectiveness
enhancing [check] effectiveness

Possible remedies for the lack of closeness to shareholders include the appointment of an intermediary group such as a supervisory board , more flexible audit reporting and the opportunity for a two-way dialogue between auditors and shareholders at the agm or in private .
possible remedies for the lack of closeness to shareholders include the appointment of an intermediary group such as a supervisory board , more flexible [check] reporting and the opportunity for a two-way dialogue between auditors and shareholders at the agm or in private .

It can be argued that audit committees are unlikely to be a remedy for the particular problem of auditor/shareholders relationships since , as members of the board , the audit committee members logically form a channel of communication with the board rather than with shareholders .
it can be argued that [check] committees are unlikely to be a remedy for the particular problem of auditor/shareholders relationships since , as members of the board , the [check] committee members logically form a channel of communication with the board rather than with shareholders .

Over the past year so much time and energy has been devoted to considering the implications of the new audit regulatory regime that investment business has been given scant attention by commentators and the profession alike .
over the past year so much time and energy has been devoted to considering the implications of the new [check] regulatory regime that investment business has been given scant attention by commentators and the profession alike .

However , in contrast to the present position where audit reports are signed only with the name of the firm , in the case of a limited company acting as auditor the report could also include , as is currently the case in Sweden and Germany , the name or names of one or more individuals responsible for conducting the examination .
however , in contrast to the present position where [check] reports are signed only with the name of the firm , in the case of a limited company acting as auditor the report could also include , as is currently the case in sweden and germany , the name or names of one or more individuals responsible for conducting the examination .

The signatures of these ‘ partner equivalents ’ would serve to document the individuals ' responsibility for the examination ; to that extent it eliminates for the outside world the element of anonymity currently inherent in the practice of signing audit opinions only in the names of the firms .
the signatures of these ‘ partner equivalents ’ would serve to document the individuals ' responsibility for the examination ; to that extent it eliminates for the outside world the element of anonymity currently inherent in the practice of signing [check] opinions only in the names of the firms .

Mike Radford 's paper , Auditing for Change , reviews the work and effectiveness of the Audit Commission , arguing that the Commission has had a profound effect on the debate about the future of local government .
mike radford 's paper , auditing for change , reviews the work and effectiveness of the [check] commission , arguing that the commission has had a profound effect on the debate about the future of local government .

Audit stamps — risks of misinterpretation
[check] stamps — risks of misinterpretation

The risk is that the procedure could possibly self-incriminate a firm if , for instance , it marked a document which subsequently proved to be fraudulent or defective and which at the time gave no rise for any audit comments .
the risk is that the procedure could possibly self-incriminate a firm if , for instance , it marked a document which subsequently proved to be fraudulent or defective and which at the time gave no rise for any [check] comments .

This risk might come from subsequent investigation of the audit , or from investigations carried out by any of the various regulatory bodies such as the Inland Revenue Investigations Branch or one established under the Financial Services Act .
this risk might come from subsequent investigation of the [check] , or from investigations carried out by any of the various regulatory bodies such as the inland revenue investigations branch or one established under the financial services act .

In the light of the above comments , can some guidance be given with regard to the use of audit marks or audit stamps and whether their use is current best practice ?
in the light of the above comments , can some guidance be given with regard to the use of [check] marks or [check] stamps and whether their use is current best practice ?

The purpose of an audit mark or stamp on clients ' documents is twofold : it provides evidence that the document has been examined for a particular purpose ( which should be clear from the audit file ) ; and it helps to avoid the document 's being re-presented as support for a duplicate entry .
the purpose of an [check] mark or stamp on clients ' documents is twofold : it provides evidence that the document has been examined for a particular purpose ( which should be clear from the [check] file ) ; and it helps to avoid the document 's being re-presented as support for a duplicate entry .

Provided ( i ) the audit file explains the context in which particular stamped documents have been examined , and ( ii ) the significance of special audit marks or ticks are standardised and understood by the audit staff , there should be little risk of misinterpretation by third parties after the event .
provided ( i ) the [check] file explains the context in which particular stamped documents have been examined , and ( ii ) the significance of special [check] marks or ticks are standardised and understood by the [check] staff , there should be little risk of misinterpretation by third parties after the event .

It is also worth reminding the reader that searching for fraud is not the audit 's primary purpose .
it is also worth reminding the reader that searching for fraud is not the [check] 's primary purpose .

audit regulation
[check] regulation

Overall , Mr Gross believes the point of the audit is being lost .
overall , mr gross believes the point of the [check] is being lost .

‘ There 's a lot of attention to the form as distinct from the substance of the audit , ’ he explained .
‘ there 's a lot of attention to the form as distinct from the substance of the [check] , ’ he explained .

Auditors Price Waterhouse have qualified their audit report to members of Harland Simon ( design , manufacture and installation of control , automation and image processing systems ) because they have been unable to obtain direct confirmation of the beneficial ownership of a shareholding in Perfect Information Ltd .
auditors price waterhouse have qualified their [check] report to members of harland simon ( design , manufacture and installation of control , automation and image processing systems ) because they have been unable to obtain direct confirmation of the beneficial ownership of a shareholding in perfect information ltd .

‘ Information obtained during the course of this year 's audit has caused us to seek direct confirmation of the beneficial ownership of this shareholding , ’ say the auditors .
‘ information obtained during the course of this year 's [check] has caused us to seek direct confirmation of the beneficial ownership of this shareholding , ’ say the auditors .

It deals with the special factors to be taken into account in the annual audit of syndicates , managing agents and Lloyd 's brokers , and covers the procedures to be followed in making regulatory and pro forma reports on items such as the annual solvency test , the financial position of agents and brokers , cash calls on Names and run-off years of account .
it deals with the special factors to be taken into account in the annual [check] of syndicates , managing agents and lloyd 's brokers , and covers the procedures to be followed in making regulatory and pro forma reports on items such as the annual solvency test , the financial position of agents and brokers , cash calls on names and run-off years of account .

The first draft provides guidance on the auditor 's responsibilities relating to the audit of figures from preceding periods which are required to be included in , and therefore form part of , the current financial statements .
the first draft provides guidance on the auditor 's responsibilities relating to the [check] of figures from preceding periods which are required to be included in , and therefore form part of , the current financial statements .

The audit report , which was addressed to ‘ the members ’ of Berg , was signed on 8 October 1982 .
the [check] report , which was addressed to ‘ the members ’ of berg , was signed on 8 october 1982 .

Union Discount alleged that it was owed a duty of care by the auditors when they reported on the audit .
union discount alleged that it was owed a duty of care by the auditors when they reported on the [check] .

The judge said that Union Discount had not proved that the purpose of an audit was other than to satisfy statutory requirements .
the judge said that union discount had not proved that the purpose of an [check] was other than to satisfy statutory requirements .

Union Discount could not establish the existence of a duty of care owed to it in relation to the audit .
union discount could not establish the existence of a duty of care owed to it in relation to the [check] .

Without going into whether the information would come from his audit file or the client 's file , the Institute has a stated policy that it will not put pressure on the incumbent auditor/adviser to supply information to a successor while fees remain outstanding — though the incumbent should be prepared to demonstrate that he is taking active steps to collect the outstanding fee including , if necessary , a writ or summons .
without going into whether the information would come from his [check] file or the client 's file , the institute has a stated policy that it will not put pressure on the incumbent auditor/adviser to supply information to a successor while fees remain outstanding — though the incumbent should be prepared to demonstrate that he is taking active steps to collect the outstanding fee including , if necessary , a writ or summons .

For instance , there are firms or individuals describing themselves as ‘ chartered accountants ’ when they are not entitled to do so and where none of the principals involved is qualified to audit .
for instance , there are firms or individuals describing themselves as ‘ chartered accountants ’ when they are not entitled to do so and where none of the principals involved is qualified to [check] .

In such cases the nominated auditor still has to make professional enquiry of the existing auditor even if he is not qualified to audit , and whether or not he is a member of the Institute .
in such cases the nominated auditor still has to make professional enquiry of the existing auditor even if he is not qualified to [check] , and whether or not he is a member of the institute .

Members working in the reserved areas of audit , investment business and insolvency .
members working in the reserved areas of [check] , investment business and insolvency .

If the audit regime were removed , it would mean that most small practitioners would no longer need to suffer the burden of being registered auditors , with the commensurate savings that would arise in terms of regulatory fees , penal professional indemnity insurance and time .
if the [check] regime were removed , it would mean that most small practitioners would no longer need to suffer the burden of being registered auditors , with the commensurate savings that would arise in terms of regulatory fees , penal professional indemnity insurance and time .

Good reasons to audit small companies
good reasons to [check] small companies

But Mr Marshall is correct ( selfish or not ) in predicting the demise of the small practice if the compulsory audit for small companies is abolished per se .
but mr marshall is correct ( selfish or not ) in predicting the demise of the small practice if the compulsory [check] for small companies is abolished per se .

Sir , — By and large the services of practising chartered accountants to their clients are about 5% of any real value and 95% conformity to legislation — audit , taxation etc .
sir , — by and large the services of practising chartered accountants to their clients are about 5% of any real value and 95% conformity to legislation — [check] , taxation etc .

The accountancy profession was built on providing practical service to emerging industries , before the audit requirements , and at a time when audit requirements were somewhat minimal .
the accountancy profession was built on providing practical service to emerging industries , before the [check] requirements , and at a time when [check] requirements were somewhat minimal .

Surely accountants should be seeking to give their clients value for money and if the audit of a small company is deemed to be of very little value , then how can we in all conscience — justify the charging of substantial fees for such a service .
surely accountants should be seeking to give their clients value for money and if the [check] of a small company is deemed to be of very little value , then how can we in all conscience — justify the charging of substantial fees for such a service .

For this allows a rare chance to re-examine the role and scope of audit in tomorrow 's world .
for this allows a rare chance to re-examine the role and scope of [check] in tomorrow 's world .

But this should not be seen as a criticism ; the role and scope of audit is somewhat narrowly defined in law , and any change is almost bound to have legal ramifications .
but this should not be seen as a criticism ; the role and scope of [check] is somewhat narrowly defined in law , and any change is almost bound to have legal ramifications .

In the context of taking opportunities to improve communication and coordination the Green Paper states that : ‘ this may lead to the establishment of a means of coordinating all aspects of the auditing profession , for example a single over-arching body for audit governance . ’
in the context of taking opportunities to improve communication and coordination the green paper states that : ‘ this may lead to the establishment of a means of coordinating all aspects of the auditing profession , for example a single over-arching body for [check] governance . ’

Under the heading of ‘ involving shareholders ' , the paper suggests , as one method , the establishment of a standing ‘ audit panel ’ to represent the shareholders of all listed companies , possibly modelled on the Takeover Panel .
under the heading of ‘ involving shareholders ' , the paper suggests , as one method , the establishment of a standing ‘ [check] panel ’ to represent the shareholders of all listed companies , possibly modelled on the takeover panel .

The panel could provide a forum for both shareholders and auditors to air concerns that might arise in relation to audit appointments and corporate governance or other issues arising from the audit .
the panel could provide a forum for both shareholders and auditors to air concerns that might arise in relation to [check] appointments and corporate governance or other issues arising from the [check] .

It has been rare for shareholders to raise concerns with company boards on audit matters , probably because they are not well-informed and because their priorities are elsewhere .
it has been rare for shareholders to raise concerns with company boards on [check] matters , probably because they are not well-informed and because their priorities are elsewhere .

As with the ‘ over-arching body for audit governance ' , a new bureaucracy should be created only on the basis of clear evidence of need .
as with the ‘ over-arching body for [check] governance ' , a new bureaucracy should be created only on the basis of clear evidence of need .

Firms are divided over proposals requiring audit partners to be rotated every seven years to ensure that they do not develop too cosy a relationship with their clients .
firms are divided over proposals requiring [check] partners to be rotated every seven years to ensure that they do not develop too cosy a relationship with their clients .

‘ The involvement of a second partner should provide a sufficient safeguard to ensure the objectivity of the audit , even for listed and other public interest companies . ’
‘ the involvement of a second partner should provide a sufficient safeguard to ensure the objectivity of the [check] , even for listed and other public interest companies . ’

‘ The audit report is signed by the firm and not the individual partner , and therefore we believe that a higher level of independence is not demonstrated where the same name appears on the audit report year on year , whether or not there have been changes in the composition of the audit team .
‘ the [check] report is signed by the firm and not the individual partner , and therefore we believe that a higher level of independence is not demonstrated where the same name appears on the [check] report year on year , whether or not there have been changes in the composition of the [check] team .

The firm says that compliance with the audit regulations , through intra-firm quality controls and annual file reviews by an independent partner , would be far more effective .
the firm says that compliance with the [check] regulations , through intra-firm quality controls and annual file reviews by an independent partner , would be far more effective .

‘ Rotation of audit partners will , in our opinion , increase costs without increasing benefits either actual or perceived .
‘ rotation of [check] partners will , in our opinion , increase costs without increasing benefits either actual or perceived .

Most would like to see the auditor 's period away from the audit in question extended from the proposed two years ( which , as Touche Ross says , ‘ could lead to this guidance being perceived as a cosmetic exercise ' ) , but can not agree over how long .
most would like to see the auditor 's period away from the [check] in question extended from the proposed two years ( which , as touche ross says , ‘ could lead to this guidance being perceived as a cosmetic exercise ' ) , but can not agree over how long .

Some want the requirement to apply to the engagement partner alone , while others — like Touche — want all the audit partners involved rotated .
some want the requirement to apply to the engagement partner alone , while others — like touche — want all the [check] partners involved rotated .

The London Society 's response takes issue with the ‘ current piecemeal approach to audit regulation and independence matters ’ .
the london society 's response takes issue with the ‘ current piecemeal approach to [check] regulation and independence matters ’ .

Demand for audit faculty grows
demand for [check] faculty grows

The two bodies ' first annual reports to the Department of Trade and Industry reveal an alarmingly high proportion of registered firms which have failed to meet the standards set by audit regulation .
the two bodies ' first annual reports to the department of trade and industry reveal an alarmingly high proportion of registered firms which have failed to meet the standards set by [check] regulation .

Alan Clements , Trafalgar 's chairman , persistently repeated the company 's view that the accounts ‘ were right at the time they were published ' , a view supported by David Jenkins , Touche 's partner in charge of the audit .
alan clements , trafalgar 's chairman , persistently repeated the company 's view that the accounts ‘ were right at the time they were published ' , a view supported by david jenkins , touche 's partner in charge of the [check] .

And what about those businesspeople who are trying to get a better deal for the new photocopier , settle a departmental dispute , win a new client , bring the audit fees down ? Are they about to waste time they have n't got , bound to lose or is it a challenge to them ? And does it really matter ? Well , you know it does , so what are you going to do about it ?
and what about those businesspeople who are trying to get a better deal for the new photocopier , settle a departmental dispute , win a new client , bring the [check] fees down ? are they about to waste time they have n't got , bound to lose or is it a challenge to them ? and does it really matter ? well , you know it does , so what are you going to do about it ?

Or consider the meeting to agree the audit fee , when the auditor can hardly wait to get his point across .
or consider the meeting to agree the [check] fee , when the auditor can hardly wait to get his point across .

At the time , she was working for Stoy Hayward as a senior audit manager and was aiming to become the firm 's first woman partner — an ambition she had harboured since the day she joined the firm as a trainee accountant in 1982 .
at the time , she was working for stoy hayward as a senior [check] manager and was aiming to become the firm 's first woman partner — an ambition she had harboured since the day she joined the firm as a trainee accountant in 1982 .

After the placing , for example , they threw a huge party for the professional advisers downstairs at a local Chinese restaurant , and in early 1987 , almost as a thank-you , they took the audit manager and me out to Chicago to meet the team there .
after the placing , for example , they threw a huge party for the professional advisers downstairs at a local chinese restaurant , and in early 1987 , almost as a thank-you , they took the [check] manager and me out to chicago to meet the team there .

It was the first audit as a public company , so it was relevant to meet the auditors but not exactly essential !
it was the first [check] as a public company , so it was relevant to meet the auditors but not exactly essential !

First , we relate the size of the audit firms ( measured by the number of registered audit partners ) to the number of audits they hold .
first , we relate the size of the [check] firms ( measured by the number of registered [check] partners ) to the number of audits they hold .

The audit firms
the [check] firms

It is interesting to note that there are 94 firms with only one listed audit client .
it is interesting to note that there are 94 firms with only one listed [check] client .

It can be seen that audit firms with five or more audits hold 90 % of the market , with a further 5 % of the market taken by audit firms with a single listed client .
it can be seen that [check] firms with five or more audits hold 90 % of the market , with a further 5 % of the market taken by [check] firms with a single listed client .

Table 3 shows the number of audit firm registrations with each regulator and the percentage of firms regulated by them .
table 3 shows the number of [check] firm registrations with each regulator and the percentage of firms regulated by them .

( As a result of recent audit firm mergers , we were unable to trace three firms on the audit register . )
( as a result of recent [check] firm mergers , we were unable to trace three firms on the [check] register . )

Furthermore , out of a total number of firms on the audit register of 11,200 , only 164 were identified as acting for listed companies and a further 115 for other large organisations .
furthermore , out of a total number of firms on the [check] register of 11,200 , only 164 were identified as acting for listed companies and a further 115 for other large organisations .

This combined number of fewer than 300 audit firms represents less than 3 % of the total number registered .
this combined number of fewer than 300 [check] firms represents less than 3 % of the total number registered .

The central elements of the code of practice include the division of responsibilities at the head of the company ; sufficient non-executive directors to carry significant weight in the board 's decisions ; a schedule of key matters reserved for full board decision ; full disclosure of directors ' total emoluments , with separate figures for salary and performance-related pay ; audit committees composed solely of non-executives to scrutinise figures and appoint auditors ; the board should report on the effectiveness of the company 's system of internal controls ; the directors should report that the business is a going concern , and auditors report on this statement .
the central elements of the code of practice include the division of responsibilities at the head of the company ; sufficient non-executive directors to carry significant weight in the board 's decisions ; a schedule of key matters reserved for full board decision ; full disclosure of directors ' total emoluments , with separate figures for salary and performance-related pay ; [check] committees composed solely of non-executives to scrutinise figures and appoint auditors ; the board should report on the effectiveness of the company 's system of internal controls ; the directors should report that the business is a going concern , and auditors report on this statement .

The final report emphasised support for the principle of collective responsibility of all directors for the governance of the company , and in particular extended the recommendation that there should be a procedure by which non-executives might obtain independent external professional advice to all directors , and made clear all directors should have the right to attend audit committee meetings .
the final report emphasised support for the principle of collective responsibility of all directors for the governance of the company , and in particular extended the recommendation that there should be a procedure by which non-executives might obtain independent external professional advice to all directors , and made clear all directors should have the right to attend [check] committee meetings .

Audit visits
[check] visits

Audit visits are another sore subject for businessmen .
[check] visits are another sore subject for businessmen .

Passing such a stringent test is not easy ; each audit staff member would need to retain evidence of amounts spent on lunch each day .
passing such a stringent test is not easy ; each [check] staff member would need to retain evidence of amounts spent on lunch each day .

In other words , if the employee normally spends £2 a day but has to spend £4 a day when out on audit , a claim might be considered .
in other words , if the employee normally spends £2 a day but has to spend £4 a day when out on [check] , a claim might be considered .

Jeremy Hakim , a former audit partner in Robson Rhodes ' Crawley office , left the firm in April 1992 to set up his own practice in Epsom .
jeremy hakim , a former [check] partner in robson rhodes ' crawley office , left the firm in april 1992 to set up his own practice in epsom .

Audit Bureau letter warning
[check] bureau letter warning

The Institute has warned auditors who carry out circulation audits that the specimen letter of engagement the Audit Bureau of Circulations issued to its members in November last year is not in a form agreed by the Institute .
the institute has warned auditors who carry out circulation audits that the specimen letter of engagement the [check] bureau of circulations issued to its members in november last year is not in a form agreed by the institute .

As far as audit is concerned , the Institute says that it has not found ‘ any convincing reasons ’ to ban company auditors from auditing the company pension scheme .
as far as [check] is concerned , the institute says that it has not found ‘ any convincing reasons ’ to ban company auditors from auditing the company pension scheme .

Report urges small audit replacement
report urges small [check] replacement

The Scottish Institute has made an urgent plea to Government to reduce the legislative burdens on small businesses by freeing them from the obligation of a statutory audit , and making it easier for them to disincorporate .
the scottish institute has made an urgent plea to government to reduce the legislative burdens on small businesses by freeing them from the obligation of a statutory [check] , and making it easier for them to disincorporate .

In its recent working party discussion document , entitled Freeing Up Small Business Enterprise , the institute points out that the replacement of the present mandatory audit by an annual accountant 's report ‘ would not only give business better value for money but would also reduce the number of small company failures as more time could be devoted to the survival and growth of small business enterprise ’ .
in its recent working party discussion document , entitled freeing up small business enterprise , the institute points out that the replacement of the present mandatory [check] by an annual accountant 's report ‘ would not only give business better value for money but would also reduce the number of small company failures as more time could be devoted to the survival and growth of small business enterprise ’ .

‘ The audit coverage throughout the member states is often disjointed or wholly absent ' , the Report says .
‘ the [check] coverage throughout the member states is often disjointed or wholly absent ' , the report says .

‘ The audit function should be carried out by the Court of Auditors in a similar way to that adopted by the principal auditor of a multinational group of companies which has a number of foreign subsidiary companies .
‘ the [check] function should be carried out by the court of auditors in a similar way to that adopted by the principal auditor of a multinational group of companies which has a number of foreign subsidiary companies .

Where the national audit offices are not in a position to meet the Court of Auditors ' requirements , private professional firms should be asked to do so .
where the national [check] offices are not in a position to meet the court of auditors ' requirements , private professional firms should be asked to do so .

Those members working in the reserved areas of audit , investment business and insolvency .
those members working in the reserved areas of [check] , investment business and insolvency .

Discussions — Board/Partners ' meetings , AGMs , EGMs and similar ( where the subject matter is not technical ) — Discussions with the JMU/Institute Secretariat/Brokers or anybody selling products — even if the product is of a technical nature — Of a promotional nature for the business , practice or service concerned — Audit closing meetings
discussions — board/partners ' meetings , agms , egms and similar ( where the subject matter is not technical ) — discussions with the jmu/institute secretariat/brokers or anybody selling products — even if the product is of a technical nature — of a promotional nature for the business , practice or service concerned — [check] closing meetings

The purpose of an audit should be defined as being ‘ to provide an independent opinion to those with an interest in a company that they have received from those responsible for its direction and management an adequate account of : the proper conduct of the company 's affairs ; the company 's financial performance and position ; future risks attaching to the company . ’
the purpose of an [check] should be defined as being ‘ to provide an independent opinion to those with an interest in a company that they have received from those responsible for its direction and management an adequate account of : the proper conduct of the company 's affairs ; the company 's financial performance and position ; future risks attaching to the company . ’

Future risks — ‘ there should be a cultural shift in the audit so that it looks forward as well as backward ’ .
future risks — ‘ there should be a cultural shift in the [check] so that it looks forward as well as backward ’ .

But ‘ before the role and scope of audit can be widened to respond to the needs of ‘ stakeholders ’ in companies , a solution must be found to the financial threat posed by risks to auditing firms arising from litigation in the current legal framework .
but ‘ before the role and scope of [check] can be widened to respond to the needs of ‘ stakeholders ’ in companies , a solution must be found to the financial threat posed by risks to auditing firms arising from litigation in the current legal framework .

There should be ‘ more active involvement of the shareholders in matters regarding the audit ’ .
there should be ‘ more active involvement of the shareholders in matters regarding the [check] ’ .

The amendments require that a firm should not audit a client 's financial statements where they include the product of a ‘ specialist valuation ’ carried out by it .
the amendments require that a firm should not [check] a client 's financial statements where they include the product of a ‘ specialist valuation ’ carried out by it .

Keep the audit , save the practice
keep the [check] , save the practice

Accountants ' reports on unincorporated businesses ' accounts are currently referred to as ‘ audit reports ’ by many , including many banks and other lenders .
accountants ' reports on unincorporated businesses ' accounts are currently referred to as ‘ [check] reports ’ by many , including many banks and other lenders .

Therefore , any form of report which by virtue of the qualifications of the reporter was intended to provide some comfort to readers of accounts would be regarded as a quasi audit report .
therefore , any form of report which by virtue of the qualifications of the reporter was intended to provide some comfort to readers of accounts would be regarded as a quasi [check] report .

Once you have this , you have an audit .
once you have this , you have an [check] .

You can not carry out half an audit .
you can not carry out half an [check] .

The working party have taken the view that the small company audit is unnecessary and have virtually accused us of being parasites .
the working party have taken the view that the small company [check] is unnecessary and have virtually accused us of being parasites .

The business community benefits greatly from the close involvement of chartered accountants in its affairs and there are a lot of good reasons why the audit should be retained .
the business community benefits greatly from the close involvement of chartered accountants in its affairs and there are a lot of good reasons why the [check] should be retained .

Audit regulation — an annual review
[check] regulation — an annual review

The ‘ new ’ audit regime , heralded by the Companies Act 1989 , had its first anniversary in October 1992 .
the ‘ new ’ [check] regime , heralded by the companies act 1989 , had its first anniversary in october 1992 .

Some firms have chosen not to seek audit registration , some were turned down , and a few have had registration withdrawn from them .
some firms have chosen not to seek [check] registration , some were turned down , and a few have had registration withdrawn from them .

Key messages include the need to plan audits adequately , to record audit work performed and to maintain adequate quality assurance procedures .
key messages include the need to plan audits adequately , to record [check] work performed and to maintain adequate quality assurance procedures .

The audit regime has teeth and , through refusing to register some firms and imposing conditions on others , the Institute has demonstrated that it is not afraid to bite .
the [check] regime has teeth and , through refusing to register some firms and imposing conditions on others , the institute has demonstrated that it is not afraid to bite .

We are determined to make a success of audit regulation .
we are determined to make a success of [check] regulation .

Of course , it is not just audit regulation that has been under scrutiny in 1992 .
of course , it is not just [check] regulation that has been under scrutiny in 1992 .

However , given the relatively short time the audit regulatory system has been in place , the review says that there is no reason to be greatly concerned .
however , given the relatively short time the [check] regulatory system has been in place , the review says that there is no reason to be greatly concerned .

‘ The highest single total of ‘ no ' ’ answers arises from a lack of cold or continuous review procedures which firms are required to establish and maintain in accordance with the Audit Regulations .
‘ the highest single total of ‘ no ' ’ answers arises from a lack of cold or continuous review procedures which firms are required to establish and maintain in accordance with the [check] regulations .

This does not indicate that firms are not carrying out adequate audit work but that appropriate quality control and quality assurance procedures are not in place in all cases .
this does not indicate that firms are not carrying out adequate [check] work but that appropriate quality control and quality assurance procedures are not in place in all cases .

Indeed , if there is one conclusion that can be drawn from the first year 's experience of audit regulation , it is that so far there is insufficient evidence to judge the quality of the service registered auditors provide .
indeed , if there is one conclusion that can be drawn from the first year 's experience of [check] regulation , it is that so far there is insufficient evidence to judge the quality of the service registered auditors provide .

It also shows that 10,200 firms are now registered with the three bodies , of which 160 firms audit listed companies ; however , only 20 audit more than five listed companies .
it also shows that 10,200 firms are now registered with the three bodies , of which 160 firms [check] listed companies ; however , only 20 [check] more than five listed companies .

Not surprisingly , the paper says , the responses indicated that ‘ the present scope of the audit and the legal framework in which it is conducted militate against auditors successfully meeting the needs of shareholders and others with an interest in the audit process ’ .
not surprisingly , the paper says , the responses indicated that ‘ the present scope of the [check] and the legal framework in which it is conducted militate against auditors successfully meeting the needs of shareholders and others with an interest in the [check] process ’ .

It believes that audit committees and the obligatory rotation of audit partners may not go far enough to convince the public of their independence , and suggests that shareholders should be more involved in appointing auditors , determining the scope of the audit , and in the decision to obtain other services from the auditing firm .
it believes that [check] committees and the obligatory rotation of [check] partners may not go far enough to convince the public of their independence , and suggests that shareholders should be more involved in appointing auditors , determining the scope of the [check] , and in the decision to obtain other services from the auditing firm .

As the guidance points out , ‘ there are occasions where objectivity may be threatened or appear to be threatened by the provision to an audit client of services other than the audit ’ .
as the guidance points out , ‘ there are occasions where objectivity may be threatened or appear to be threatened by the provision to an [check] client of services other than the [check] ’ .

Roger Davis , head of audit at Coopers & Lybrand , has called for a corporate governance panel — similar to the City 's Takeover Panel — to be set up to ensure that the voluntary system of corporate governance , recommended in the Cadbury report , is effective .
roger davis , head of [check] at coopers & lybrand , has called for a corporate governance panel — similar to the city 's takeover panel — to be set up to ensure that the voluntary system of corporate governance , recommended in the cadbury report , is effective .

It would develop the Cadbury code in a non-legalistic way , review audit qualifications of public interest companies , and question the auditors and other parties involved in the governance process .
it would develop the cadbury code in a non-legalistic way , review [check] qualifications of public interest companies , and question the auditors and other parties involved in the governance process .

And although the scheme has achieved its initial objectives it presently has 85 students at 11 organisations with the majority at the National Audit Office the Institute ‘ may need to re-examine its general approach to industrial and commercial organisations ’ , if it hopes to extend the range of its training opportunities .
and although the scheme has achieved its initial objectives it presently has 85 students at 11 organisations with the majority at the national [check] office the institute ‘ may need to re-examine its general approach to industrial and commercial organisations ’ , if it hopes to extend the range of its training opportunities .

Firm wins first audit countersuit
firm wins first [check] countersuit

He joined the profession after taking his A-levels and qualified with City firm Limbeers in 1978 , moving on to Littlejohn Frazer as a group audit manager .
he joined the profession after taking his a-levels and qualified with city firm limbeers in 1978 , moving on to littlejohn frazer as a group [check] manager .

They are more sympathetic to the public perception of the audit and tend to cut through its more arcane aspects .
they are more sympathetic to the public perception of the [check] and tend to cut through its more arcane aspects .

It dismisses the argument — previously relied on by the profession — that the public needs educating about the scope of the audit ; instead , it embraces all the criticisms , whether justified or not , and asks the world what it wants the Board to do about them .
it dismisses the argument — previously relied on by the profession — that the public needs educating about the scope of the [check] ; instead , it embraces all the criticisms , whether justified or not , and asks the world what it wants the board to do about them .

audit fees
[check] fees

In the course of a beauty parade , Price Waterhouse took the audit from Coopers & Lybrand , but agreed to do it for 14 % less .
in the course of a beauty parade , price waterhouse took the [check] from coopers & lybrand , but agreed to do it for 14 % less .

Price Waterhouse , it seems , was not just investing in the Prudential by dropping the audit fee by 14 % .
price waterhouse , it seems , was not just investing in the prudential by dropping the [check] fee by 14 % .

At about the same time , Price Waterhouse won the Guardian Royal Exchange audit .
at about the same time , price waterhouse won the guardian royal exchange [check] .

In a matter of a few months the firm moved from being an outsider in the specialist insurance audit market ( having about 15 % of the top insurance companies , measured in terms of premium income ) to being one of the two market leaders .
in a matter of a few months the firm moved from being an outsider in the specialist insurance [check] market ( having about 15 % of the top insurance companies , measured in terms of premium income ) to being one of the two market leaders .

The 14 % drop in the audit fee earned Price Waterhouse the nickname ‘ Half Price Waterhouse ’ .
the 14 % drop in the [check] fee earned price waterhouse the nickname ‘ half price waterhouse ’ .

Since the major component of auditors ' costs — the salaries bill — is going down in many firms , it is not unnatural that the audit fees themselves are also reducing .
since the major component of auditors ' costs — the salaries bill — is going down in many firms , it is not unnatural that the [check] fees themselves are also reducing .

The most common reasons cited for cutting audit fees were reducing the number of external auditors and beefing up the internal audit departments .
the most common reasons cited for cutting [check] fees were reducing the number of external auditors and beefing up the internal [check] departments .

Five companies also said that they had enhanced their internal audit .
five companies also said that they had enhanced their internal [check] .

Four companies said they had reduced their fees by putting the audit out to tender .
four companies said they had reduced their fees by putting the [check] out to tender .

None of the companies was reluctant to talk : cutting the audit fee is a popular subject .
none of the companies was reluctant to talk : cutting the [check] fee is a popular subject .

Pearson — the publishing-to-oil conglomerate — gives a wide range of answers when asked how it cut its audit fees by 18 % from £2.2m in 1990 to £1.8m in 1991 .
pearson — the publishing-to-oil conglomerate — gives a wide range of answers when asked how it cut its [check] fees by 18 % from £2.2m in 1990 to £1.8m in 1991 .

The North American audit was put out to tender ( and won by Arthur Andersen ) .
the north american [check] was put out to tender ( and won by arthur andersen ) .

Fees for the rest of the world 's audit were renegotiated with Coopers & Lybrand .
fees for the rest of the world 's [check] were renegotiated with coopers & lybrand .

Group financial controller Anthony del Tufo says that the 18 % reduction in the audit fee correlates , more or less , to an 18 % reduction in the audit workload .
group financial controller anthony del tufo says that the 18 % reduction in the [check] fee correlates , more or less , to an 18 % reduction in the [check] workload .

In the past only two of the group 's nine divisions had an internal audit function ; now all of the nine divisions are subject to internal audit discipline .
in the past only two of the group 's nine divisions had an internal [check] function ; now all of the nine divisions are subject to internal [check] discipline .

Royal Insurance — which reduced its audit fees by 13 % from £2.55m to £2.22m — also cut the cost by enhancing the role of its internal audit department and by cutting the number of external audit firms from two to one .
royal insurance — which reduced its [check] fees by 13 % from £2.55m to £2.22m — also cut the cost by enhancing the role of its internal [check] department and by cutting the number of external [check] firms from two to one .

The total drop in the audit fee of £0.7m is made more dramatic because of the fact that in the previous year the audit fee covered a 15-month period .
the total drop in the [check] fee of £0.7m is made more dramatic because of the fact that in the previous year the [check] fee covered a 15-month period .

Both Coats Viyella ( 32 % ) and Bass ( 33 % ) reduced their audit fees by cutting the number of firms used .
both coats viyella ( 32 % ) and bass ( 33 % ) reduced their [check] fees by cutting the number of firms used .

General Accident attributes some of its 15 % audit fee drop to exchange rate fluctuations on the audit fees ( as do some of the other companies ) .
general accident attributes some of its 15 % [check] fee drop to exchange rate fluctuations on the [check] fees ( as do some of the other companies ) .

It too has made some disposals of companies during the year , has reduced the number of operating subsidiaries by amalgamation and has raised the pro-file of its internal audit team .
it too has made some disposals of companies during the year , has reduced the number of operating subsidiaries by amalgamation and has raised the pro-file of its internal [check] team .

Most of the companies appear to believe that further productivity increases were possible in the audit .
most of the companies appear to believe that further productivity increases were possible in the [check] .

Graham Ward , the Price Waterhouse partner on the Prudential audit and vice-chairman of the Institute 's Auditing Committee , says : ‘ The more efficient a company 's accounting function might be , the less time it should take to do the audit .
graham ward , the price waterhouse partner on the prudential [check] and vice-chairman of the institute 's auditing committee , says : ‘ the more efficient a company 's accounting function might be , the less time it should take to do the [check] .

Productivity increases on the audit might be easier to make among smaller companies where the potential for more assistance from the company 's staff is generally greater .
productivity increases on the [check] might be easier to make among smaller companies where the potential for more assistance from the company 's staff is generally greater .

Michael Biles of Robson Rhodes advises companies to agree an audit timetable before-hand with the auditors and then to stick to it .
michael biles of robson rhodes advises companies to agree an [check] timetable before-hand with the auditors and then to stick to it .

Geoff Barnes of Casson Beckman believes that there would be fewer problems about audit fees if the audit was regarded as a more useful exercise both by members of the public and by business : ‘ As a profession we spend far too much time looking back and not enough time looking forward .
geoff barnes of casson beckman believes that there would be fewer problems about [check] fees if the [check] was regarded as a more useful exercise both by members of the public and by business : ‘ as a profession we spend far too much time looking back and not enough time looking forward .

From this perspective , 1993 looks likely to be another year of substantial audit fee cuts .
from this perspective , 1993 looks likely to be another year of substantial [check] fee cuts .

In 1983 Philip Hollins , audit partner at accountants Hacker Young , was asked if his firm would act as the Halls ' auditor .
in 1983 philip hollins , [check] partner at accountants hacker young , was asked if his firm would act as the halls ' auditor .

Additional features include audit trails , currency conversions ( using both Customs ' monthly rates and users ' actual sterling values ) and consolidation of returns .
additional features include [check] trails , currency conversions ( using both customs ' monthly rates and users ' actual sterling values ) and consolidation of returns .

In addition , the Institute 's own regulatory processes were extended to encompass new responsibilities in audit review .
in addition , the institute 's own regulatory processes were extended to encompass new responsibilities in [check] review .

Audit regulation — one year on There is a mixed response to audit regulation after one year 's experience
[check] regulation — one year on there is a mixed response to [check] regulation after one year 's experience

Audit regulation began on 1 October 1991 .
[check] regulation began on 1 october 1991 .

Last year 's survey was carried out with a group of practitioners at an audit regulation meeting run by the Southern Society , and in view of the continuing concerns about regulation , we repeated this exercise with 160 practitioners who attended a similar meeting in October 1992 .
last year 's survey was carried out with a group of practitioners at an [check] regulation meeting run by the southern society , and in view of the continuing concerns about regulation , we repeated this exercise with 160 practitioners who attended a similar meeting in october 1992 .

To start with the good news , 77 % of respondents believed that audit regulation had improved the quality of auditing in their practices .
to start with the good news , 77 % of respondents believed that [check] regulation had improved the quality of auditing in their practices .

Typical comments were : ‘ Standardised documentation and therefore standard quality ’ , ‘ More attention to recording work done ’ , ‘ Written evidence stresses requirement for better organisation ’ , ‘ Better planning and more partner involvement ’ , ‘ Focused attention on essential areas and cut out unnecessary work ’ , ‘ Focuses attention on principles ’ and ‘ Committing audit evidence to paper ’ .
typical comments were : ‘ standardised documentation and therefore standard quality ’ , ‘ more attention to recording work done ’ , ‘ written evidence stresses requirement for better organisation ’ , ‘ better planning and more partner involvement ’ , ‘ focused attention on essential areas and cut out unnecessary work ’ , ‘ focuses attention on principles ’ and ‘ committing [check] evidence to paper ’ .

As might be expected from the above , the most extensive changes to be made were in procedures for recording audit work .
as might be expected from the above , the most extensive changes to be made were in procedures for recording [check] work .

Changes had also been necessary in quality control procedures and audit methods , and less extensive changes had been needed in practice management and staff training .
changes had also been necessary in quality control procedures and [check] methods , and less extensive changes had been needed in practice management and staff training .

However , a number of respondents specifically mentioned that training staff in new documentation and audit procedures had been their biggest headache and the largest single item of cost .
however , a number of respondents specifically mentioned that training staff in new documentation and [check] procedures had been their biggest headache and the largest single item of cost .

Other problems arose in standardising approaches within firms through audit manuals and audit programmes , and convincing older partners of the need to comply !
other problems arose in standardising approaches within firms through [check] manuals and [check] programmes , and convincing older partners of the need to comply !

The question of whether the compulsory audit for small companies should be retained is one on which the views of practitioners dealing with small companies particularly deserved to be heard .
the question of whether the compulsory [check] for small companies should be retained is one on which the views of practitioners dealing with small companies particularly deserved to be heard .

Respondents felt that safeguards should be introduced where exemptions were granted : 67% thought that only wholly owner managed companies should be exempted , 85% believed that minority shareholders should have the right to require an audit , 76% wanted a compilation report prepared by a qualified accountant , and 86% wanted a statement by the directors acknowledging responsibility for the accounts .
respondents felt that safeguards should be introduced where exemptions were granted : 67% thought that only wholly owner managed companies should be exempted , 85% believed that minority shareholders should have the right to require an [check] , 76% wanted a compilation report prepared by a qualified accountant , and 86% wanted a statement by the directors acknowledging responsibility for the accounts .

However , we were encouraged by the fact that estimates of audit costs for individual jobs were down .
however , we were encouraged by the fact that estimates of [check] costs for individual jobs were down .

Respondents estimated an uncharged fixed cost per audit of £200 arising from compliance with audit regulation , and a variable cost of £100 per £100,000 of company turnover ( lower than the £175 estimated last year ) .
respondents estimated an uncharged fixed cost per [check] of £200 arising from compliance with [check] regulation , and a variable cost of £100 per £100,000 of company turnover ( lower than the £175 estimated last year ) .

This may be due to the economic climate , but also the harsh reality of trying to justify fee increases to clients whose perception of the audit service has not changed .
this may be due to the economic climate , but also the harsh reality of trying to justify fee increases to clients whose perception of the [check] service has not changed .

Opinion against retaining the small company audit has hardened .
opinion against retaining the small company [check] has hardened .

Most respondents supported abolition of the audit requirement below a turnover threshold of £300,000 , subject to safeguards for the protection of minority shareholders .
most respondents supported abolition of the [check] requirement below a turnover threshold of £300,000 , subject to safeguards for the protection of minority shareholders .

Investment in training has increased and our respondents believe that the quality of their audits has significantly improved by a better focusing of audit effort and improved recording of audit evidence .
investment in training has increased and our respondents believe that the quality of their audits has significantly improved by a better focusing of [check] effort and improved recording of [check] evidence .

However , we have two concerns : first , a number of respondents equated better files with better audits — this may satisfy the regulators , but does not necessarily indicate any improvement in the underlying quality of professional judgment ; second , audit regulation is a costly process for smaller audit firms and some costs are being passed on .
however , we have two concerns : first , a number of respondents equated better files with better audits — this may satisfy the regulators , but does not necessarily indicate any improvement in the underlying quality of professional judgment ; second , [check] regulation is a costly process for smaller [check] firms and some costs are being passed on .

At this stage it is difficult to assess whether the potential benefits to accounts users which may arise from improvements in audit judgments and financial reporting as a result of regulation can be justified against the costs , particularly at the smaller end of the market .
at this stage it is difficult to assess whether the potential benefits to accounts users which may arise from improvements in [check] judgments and financial reporting as a result of regulation can be justified against the costs , particularly at the smaller end of the market .

The not altogether clear provisions regarding audit , finality and certainty mean that adjustments could well take place long after a partner has left a firm .
the not altogether clear provisions regarding [check] , finality and certainty mean that adjustments could well take place long after a partner has left a firm .

Finally , if the cost of any of these options seems prohibitive , perhaps you could share with friends , or maybe ask your employer to contribute ; perhaps as recompense for excessive overtime worked , or a reward for a successfully completed audit .
finally , if the cost of any of these options seems prohibitive , perhaps you could share with friends , or maybe ask your employer to contribute ; perhaps as recompense for excessive overtime worked , or a reward for a successfully completed [check] .

For example , in their Fabian paper Accounting For Change , Austin Mitchell and his three co-authors refer to Polly Peck , Sock Shop , Coloroll , Parkfield , British and Commonwealth , Sound Diffusion , Rush and Tompkins , and Johnson Matthey as examples of companies that collapsed within weeks of receiving an unqualified audit report .
for example , in their fabian paper accounting for change , austin mitchell and his three co-authors refer to polly peck , sock shop , coloroll , parkfield , british and commonwealth , sound diffusion , rush and tompkins , and johnson matthey as examples of companies that collapsed within weeks of receiving an unqualified [check] report .

Provided that the game is fair and given that the majority of investors hold diversified portfolios , as of course the dominant institutional investors do , then it is debatable whether extensive additional audit work is justified to provide the relatively small numbers of undiversified investors with information about the likely variance of cash flows .
provided that the game is fair and given that the majority of investors hold diversified portfolios , as of course the dominant institutional investors do , then it is debatable whether extensive additional [check] work is justified to provide the relatively small numbers of undiversified investors with information about the likely variance of cash flows .

This argument is strengthened by a body of evidence that suggests that these very small investors would be most unlikely to read , let alone interpret correctly , such information if it were to be provided in the audit report .
this argument is strengthened by a body of evidence that suggests that these very small investors would be most unlikely to read , let alone interpret correctly , such information if it were to be provided in the [check] report .

In such circumstances the signals being offered to investors are extremely fuzzy , and may differ significantly dependent on the interpretation of each particular audit firm .
in such circumstances the signals being offered to investors are extremely fuzzy , and may differ significantly dependent on the interpretation of each particular [check] firm .

There is ample evidence in Department of Trade and Industry reports and other quasi-judicial investigations of the weakness of auditors and audit firms in dealing with such high-profile individuals .
there is ample evidence in department of trade and industry reports and other quasi-judicial investigations of the weakness of auditors and [check] firms in dealing with such high-profile individuals .

Implementation of the Cadbury proposals to enhance the role of non-executive directors , and to ensure that all listed companies have an active audit committee will strengthen the auditor 's position vis-a-vis client management .
implementation of the cadbury proposals to enhance the role of non-executive directors , and to ensure that all listed companies have an active [check] committee will strengthen the auditor 's position vis-a-vis client management .

But it may be that more fundamental changes to the present institutional arrangements for audit will be needed before we can realistically expect auditors to be proactive in assessing and reporting on business risk .
but it may be that more fundamental changes to the present institutional arrangements for [check] will be needed before we can realistically expect auditors to be proactive in assessing and reporting on business risk .

audit regulation
[check] regulation

It also follows up , in the same way , cases identified through the press or public comment where questions are raised about the adequacy of a firm 's audit procedures .
it also follows up , in the same way , cases identified through the press or public comment where questions are raised about the adequacy of a firm 's [check] procedures .

‘ It will be judged on its success in raising audit performance , ’ he said .
‘ it will be judged on its success in raising [check] performance , ’ he said .

The Review Committee is made up of individuals with no previous connection with the audit registration process .
the review committee is made up of individuals with no previous connection with the [check] registration process .

These tasks form an important part of the Audit Registration Committee 's future development .
these tasks form an important part of the [check] registration committee 's future development .

Take audit regulation as an example .
take [check] regulation as an example .

Given the similarities between the financial services and audit regimes , it would be foolish to imagine that a revolution in the former would not , at the very least , reopen the debate about audit regulation .
given the similarities between the financial services and [check] regimes , it would be foolish to imagine that a revolution in the former would not , at the very least , reopen the debate about [check] regulation .

The Chartered Accountants Joint Committee on Ethics has published three consultation papers : ( 1 ) Former Partner or Senior Employee Joining an Audit Client Company , ( 2 ) Rotation of Audit Partners and ( 3 ) Changes in a Professional Appointment .
the chartered accountants joint committee on ethics has published three consultation papers : ( 1 ) former partner or senior employee joining an [check] client company , ( 2 ) rotation of [check] partners and ( 3 ) changes in a professional appointment .

The first of these proposes that where partners or senior employees of a firm intend to join an audit client company , they should immediately inform their firm of their employment plans and take no part in the audit of their future employer , and that connections with the firm should be severed .
the first of these proposes that where partners or senior employees of a firm intend to join an [check] client company , they should immediately inform their firm of their employment plans and take no part in the [check] of their future employer , and that connections with the firm should be severed .

The second proposes that firms should be required to change audit partners at least every seven years for listed and other public interest companies .
the second proposes that firms should be required to change [check] partners at least every seven years for listed and other public interest companies .

How much better in the long run for companies , auditors and regulation generally if auditors would have the courage to make timely representations aimed at a general ruling , in these circumstances , assuming that they have failed to persuade the client not to proceed and that the grounds for an audit qualification are uncertain .
how much better in the long run for companies , auditors and regulation generally if auditors would have the courage to make timely representations aimed at a general ruling , in these circumstances , assuming that they have failed to persuade the client not to proceed and that the grounds for an [check] qualification are uncertain .

Tough new rules governing the relationship between audit firms and their clients have been proposed by the Joint Ethics Committee of the English , Irish and Scottish Institutes .
tough new rules governing the relationship between [check] firms and their clients have been proposed by the joint ethics committee of the english , irish and scottish institutes .

Involvement with the same client over a long period of time , the paper says , could result in a lack of objectivity and ‘ detraction from the regular and robust consideration ’ of issues associated with the audit .
involvement with the same client over a long period of time , the paper says , could result in a lack of objectivity and ‘ detraction from the regular and robust consideration ’ of issues associated with the [check] .

Rotation of the audit partner , on the other hand , gives the client a fresh , objective scrutiny and new ideas without losing the benefit of the knowledge of the business that the firm has already acquired .
rotation of the [check] partner , on the other hand , gives the client a fresh , objective scrutiny and new ideas without losing the benefit of the knowledge of the business that the firm has already acquired .

To maintain continuity , the paper suggests that firms should establish transitional arrangements for the handover : these could include arranging for the new partner to work on the audit team beforehand , and ensuring that other senior staff do not change in the same year .
to maintain continuity , the paper suggests that firms should establish transitional arrangements for the handover : these could include arranging for the new partner to work on the [check] team beforehand , and ensuring that other senior staff do not change in the same year .

The object should be to achieve a thorough and reliable audit , he said .
the object should be to achieve a thorough and reliable [check] , he said .

Convinced that niche marketing was the right approach to follow , they decided to build on their experience in audit , accounting and tax for companies with turnovers of £1m to £30m ; investigative work for institutions that have invested , or are thinking of investing , in such companies ; and general litigation support .
convinced that niche marketing was the right approach to follow , they decided to build on their experience in [check] , accounting and tax for companies with turnovers of £1m to £30m ; investigative work for institutions that have invested , or are thinking of investing , in such companies ; and general litigation support .

Audit headaches
[check] headaches

Smaller practitioners are fed up to the back teeth with all forms of regulation , and audit regulation in particular .
smaller practitioners are fed up to the back teeth with all forms of regulation , and [check] regulation in particular .

As a recent survey by the Management Information Centre showed , 70 % of small and medium sized practices around the country find audits increasingly unprofitable as a result of the costs of audit regulation — which they can not pass on to clients — combined with client pressure on fees .
as a recent survey by the management information centre showed , 70 % of small and medium sized practices around the country find audits increasingly unprofitable as a result of the costs of [check] regulation — which they can not pass on to clients — combined with client pressure on fees .

If the small company audit is abolished , the reason for being authorised will disappear along with a substantial part of their earning capacity which they do not believe they can recoup through selling other services .
if the small company [check] is abolished , the reason for being authorised will disappear along with a substantial part of their earning capacity which they do not believe they can recoup through selling other services .

So if they ca n't audit , sell financial services or charge higher rates than other accountants , what is the point of being chartered accountants ? Not much , says Mr Day , and he predicts that smaller firms that do n't want to work in regulated areas will break away from the Institute and set up in practice as plain accountants .
so if they ca n't [check] , sell financial services or charge higher rates than other accountants , what is the point of being chartered accountants ? not much , says mr day , and he predicts that smaller firms that do n't want to work in regulated areas will break away from the institute and set up in practice as plain accountants .

It had no requirements for audit , no requirements to submit accounts to the Charity Commissioners and no requirements to issue accounts to the public .
it had no requirements for [check] , no requirements to submit accounts to the charity commissioners and no requirements to issue accounts to the public .

Most charities with over £100,000 income are already having an audit .
most charities with over £100,000 income are already having an [check] .

She now does less tax work and more audit , and for a range of clients , from a group of Alexander relaxation teachers , for example , up to a £2m turnover company .
she now does less tax work and more [check] , and for a range of clients , from a group of alexander relaxation teachers , for example , up to a £2m turnover company .

Alison would be in favour of legislation abolishing or substantially reducing the requirements of the small company audit .
alison would be in favour of legislation abolishing or substantially reducing the requirements of the small company [check] .

It is these qualities that have made our audit and advisory roles valuable to our clients and to the public interest .
it is these qualities that have made our [check] and advisory roles valuable to our clients and to the public interest .

Any businessman knows that a company 's management team changes fairly continuously and so does the audit team .
any businessman knows that a company 's management team changes fairly continuously and so does the [check] team .

In fact , the longest continuing presence is often the audit partner .
in fact , the longest continuing presence is often the [check] partner .

For this reason , the suggestion is made , and it has received some sympathy within the profession , that the audit partner , but not the firm , should rotate .
for this reason , the suggestion is made , and it has received some sympathy within the profession , that the [check] partner , but not the firm , should rotate .

Again , it is limited but it shows that an audit failure is three times as likely to occur in the first two years after a change in auditor as in subsequent years .
again , it is limited but it shows that an [check] failure is three times as likely to occur in the first two years after a change in auditor as in subsequent years .

Common sense suggests that the real risk of audit failure has nothing to do with independence .
common sense suggests that the real risk of [check] failure has nothing to do with independence .

There is a high cost in time and money for audit firms in competing in a change in auditors .
there is a high cost in time and money for [check] firms in competing in a change in auditors .

Common sense suggests that the real risk of audit failure has nothing to do with independence . It has to do with not knowing what is going on
common sense suggests that the real risk of [check] failure has nothing to do with independence . it has to do with not knowing what is going on

In this system , joint and several liability , and an inability to recover the legal costs of successful court defences , are stated to have led to unwarranted law suits , settlements out of court , and to audit firms ' being perceived as deep pockets capable of paying what amounts to a tort tax .
in this system , joint and several liability , and an inability to recover the legal costs of successful court defences , are stated to have led to unwarranted law suits , settlements out of court , and to [check] firms ' being perceived as deep pockets capable of paying what amounts to a tort tax .

The result in 1991 was that approximately 9 % of the Big Six audit and accounting fee revenue was expended on settlements and defences .
the result in 1991 was that approximately 9 % of the big six [check] and accounting fee revenue was expended on settlements and defences .

They are screening out risky clients or moving out of audit into less litigious areas of service .
they are screening out risky clients or moving out of [check] into less litigious areas of service .

First , the Big Six document ignores the very real presence of an audit crisis involving huge corporate failures and frauds , particularly in the banking and insurance industries .
first , the big six document ignores the very real presence of an [check] crisis involving huge corporate failures and frauds , particularly in the banking and insurance industries .

Second , there are numerous examples in recent years of audit failures which have resulted in public comment , action and professional disciplining .
second , there are numerous examples in recent years of [check] failures which have resulted in public comment , action and professional disciplining .

Third , the Big Six appear to be operating within a form of audit oligopoly in which the market and price for audit services are controlled by their presence .
third , the big six appear to be operating within a form of [check] oligopoly in which the market and price for [check] services are controlled by their presence .

And finally , there is plenty of evidence to indicate that the Big Six and other audit firms are not afraid of assuming new responsibilities .
and finally , there is plenty of evidence to indicate that the big six and other [check] firms are not afraid of assuming new responsibilities .

Abolition of the small audit : in the public interest ? The problem of conflicts of interest is highlighted by the small company audit debate
abolition of the small [check] : in the public interest ? the problem of conflicts of interest is highlighted by the small company [check] debate

Obviously , any saving of the non-productive cost of audit is in the public interest : however , the extent to which the compulsory audit is built into our business fabric should not be minimised ; its removal could cause considerable damage .
obviously , any saving of the non-productive cost of [check] is in the public interest : however , the extent to which the compulsory [check] is built into our business fabric should not be minimised ; its removal could cause considerable damage .

Nobody would claim that an audit is a perfect process : it is a snapshot at a moment in time , with the client often deciding how much light is to be let into the exposure .
nobody would claim that an [check] is a perfect process : it is a snapshot at a moment in time , with the client often deciding how much light is to be let into the exposure .

As regards industrial members , to the extent that they are fee-paying clients , their interests and those of the practising members are likely to converge : they can , if they wish , elect for a voluntary audit , if this is needed for shareholders , lenders or creditors .
as regards industrial members , to the extent that they are fee-paying clients , their interests and those of the practising members are likely to converge : they can , if they wish , elect for a voluntary [check] , if this is needed for shareholders , lenders or creditors .

The interests diverge where the industrial members are , or represent , lenders or creditors , as their reliance on audit as a safeguard would be removed .
the interests diverge where the industrial members are , or represent , lenders or creditors , as their reliance on [check] as a safeguard would be removed .

While it is conceivable that , for example , mortgagees would be able to insert an audit requirement in the lending document , this remedy is not available to creditors or other accounts users .
while it is conceivable that , for example , mortgagees would be able to insert an [check] requirement in the lending document , this remedy is not available to creditors or other accounts users .

In my view what is needed is not abolition of the audit but a simplified format , less compliance reporting and an audit certificate which enables auditors to explain in greater detail what they have done and to spell out those areas they are not satisfied with , and why .
in my view what is needed is not abolition of the [check] but a simplified format , less compliance reporting and an [check] certificate which enables auditors to explain in greater detail what they have done and to spell out those areas they are not satisfied with , and why .

Manager/proprietors enjoy considerable advantages from limited liability status : it is not unreasonable that , in return , lenders and creditors should receive a minimum level of protection through an audit .
manager/proprietors enjoy considerable advantages from limited liability status : it is not unreasonable that , in return , lenders and creditors should receive a minimum level of protection through an [check] .

Blueprint for an effective audit committee Only an audit committee which is properly constituted and which has the board 's wholehearted backing will realise its full potential
blueprint for an effective [check] committee only an [check] committee which is properly constituted and which has the board 's wholehearted backing will realise its full potential

By far the most common response was that increased power of non-executive directors and audit committees is fundamental in protecting shareholders from board malpractices .
by far the most common response was that increased power of non-executive directors and [check] committees is fundamental in protecting shareholders from board malpractices .

Many companies wishing to demonstrate greater accountability and a commitment to high standards of corporate governance have in fact taken steps to increase the number and calibre of their NEDs and to set up audit committees .
many companies wishing to demonstrate greater accountability and a commitment to high standards of corporate governance have in fact taken steps to increase the number and calibre of their neds and to set up [check] committees .

There is no doubt that audit committees can play a major part in bringing about greater accountability by companies and in restoring confidence in financial reporting .
there is no doubt that [check] committees can play a major part in bringing about greater accountability by companies and in restoring confidence in financial reporting .

Indeed , the Cadbury Committee reported that it ‘ places great emphasis on the importance of properly constituted audit committees in raising standards of corporate governance ’ , and recommends that all listed companies which have not already done so should establish effective audit committees by 1994 .
indeed , the cadbury committee reported that it ‘ places great emphasis on the importance of properly constituted [check] committees in raising standards of corporate governance ’ , and recommends that all listed companies which have not already done so should establish effective [check] committees by 1994 .

The precise authority and structure of an audit committee will vary depending on the company 's circumstances .
the precise authority and structure of an [check] committee will vary depending on the company 's circumstances .

Nevertheless , there are a number of attributes that , in my view , are essential for a truly effective audit committee .
nevertheless , there are a number of attributes that , in my view , are essential for a truly effective [check] committee .

The audit committee should be formally established as a sub-committee accountable to the board , and the board should appoint its members .
the [check] committee should be formally established as a sub-committee accountable to the board , and the board should appoint its members .

Many existing audit committees ' terms of reference are expressed in very general terms only .
many existing [check] committees ' terms of reference are expressed in very general terms only .

Audit committees are only as good as their members : they will help to enhance standards of corporate governance only if they are made up of truly independent non-executive directors with the experience , the skill and the commitment to : challenge knowledgeably , incisively and fearlessly the actions and judgments of management as they relate to the financial reporting process ; monitor actively management 's commitment to the maintenance of an effective system of internal control ; support the auditors by encouraging them to discuss their findings and views freely ; and act independently and objectively in helping to resolve differences of view between auditors and management .
[check] committees are only as good as their members : they will help to enhance standards of corporate governance only if they are made up of truly independent non-executive directors with the experience , the skill and the commitment to : challenge knowledgeably , incisively and fearlessly the actions and judgments of management as they relate to the financial reporting process ; monitor actively management 's commitment to the maintenance of an effective system of internal control ; support the auditors by encouraging them to discuss their findings and views freely ; and act independently and objectively in helping to resolve differences of view between auditors and management .

Conversely , objectivity is likely to be impaired if an audit committee includes those whose performance is reflected in the accounts .
conversely , objectivity is likely to be impaired if an [check] committee includes those whose performance is reflected in the accounts .

Among the qualities required in audit committee members are basic soundness of judgment , independence of mind and a healthy degree of scepticism .
among the qualities required in [check] committee members are basic soundness of judgment , independence of mind and a healthy degree of scepticism .

Many companies already identify audit committee members in the annual reports .
many companies already identify [check] committee members in the annual reports .

Some ( although at present very few ) companies also explain the responsibilities and work of their audit committees .
some ( although at present very few ) companies also explain the responsibilities and work of their [check] committees .

The Cadbury Committee recommends that the chairman of the audit committee should be responsible for answering questions about its work at the agm .
the cadbury committee recommends that the chairman of the [check] committee should be responsible for answering questions about its work at the agm .

Is there any obligation for an external audit to be carried out on the books and records of the organisation , or is this a matter to be decided according to an internally agreed constitution ?
is there any obligation for an external [check] to be carried out on the books and records of the organisation , or is this a matter to be decided according to an internally agreed constitution ?

Finally , the need for an audit should not deter you from considering an application for registration with the Charity Commission .
finally , the need for an [check] should not deter you from considering an application for registration with the charity commission .

Under the Charities Act 1992 an audit is obligatory only for charities with incomes in excess of £100,000 .
under the charities act 1992 an [check] is obligatory only for charities with incomes in excess of £100,000 .

The audit committee , which is comprised solely of independent directors , reviews the group 's internal controls and financial results with the external auditors , agrees the scope of the auditors ' work and monitors implementation of the auditors ' recommendations .
the [check] committee , which is comprised solely of independent directors , reviews the group 's internal controls and financial results with the external auditors , agrees the scope of the auditors ' work and monitors implementation of the auditors ' recommendations .

Interim report 's audit input
interim report 's [check] input

Ernst & Young stress , as did Price Waterhouse , that ‘ it should be recognised that our review did not constitute an audit and may not have revealed all material facts ’ .
ernst & young stress , as did price waterhouse , that ‘ it should be recognised that our review did not constitute an [check] and may not have revealed all material facts ’ .

Touche Ross does not audit United , but was chosen because the club 's directors viewed the firm ‘ as independent of the auditors ’ .
touche ross does not [check] united , but was chosen because the club 's directors viewed the firm ‘ as independent of the auditors ’ .

No audit opinion is required at the interim stage and the commissaires aux comptes and the auditors have neither carried out an audit nor given an audit opinion .
no [check] opinion is required at the interim stage and the commissaires aux comptes and the auditors have neither carried out an [check] nor given an [check] opinion .

Prior ( property trading and the retailing and wholesaling of architectural ironmongery ) has received a seriously qualified audit report on its accounts for the year ended 31 March 1992 from joint auditors Wilson Wright & Co and Coopers & Lybrand .
prior ( property trading and the retailing and wholesaling of architectural ironmongery ) has received a seriously qualified [check] report on its accounts for the year ended 31 march 1992 from joint auditors wilson wright & co and coopers & lybrand .

‘ The accounts of these companies have been subjected to audit procedures , but as a consequence of the receivership have not been approved and signed by the directors , ’ say the auditors .
‘ the accounts of these companies have been subjected to [check] procedures , but as a consequence of the receivership have not been approved and signed by the directors , ’ say the auditors .

There would , however , be a selective audit of returns and self-assessed tax payments and taxpayers would be liable to surcharges if they failed to send in payments , returns or accounts on time .
there would , however , be a selective [check] of returns and self-assessed tax payments and taxpayers would be liable to surcharges if they failed to send in payments , returns or accounts on time .

Yesterday the National Audit Office , the official public spending watchdog , admitted it missed the legal aid bill — run up as Mr Lamont evicted a sex therapist from his flat — when it went through the Treasury accounts .
yesterday the national [check] office , the official public spending watchdog , admitted it missed the legal aid bill — run up as mr lamont evicted a sex therapist from his flat — when it went through the treasury accounts .

Mr Brown said it was ‘ included only under the broadest heading — Treasury running costs — was never drawn to the attention of the Audit Office as a special feature and has never been investigated by the Audit Office , something which should now happen ’ .
mr brown said it was ‘ included only under the broadest heading — treasury running costs — was never drawn to the attention of the [check] office as a special feature and has never been investigated by the [check] office , something which should now happen ’ .

The Comptroller and Auditor General Sir John Bourne , who compiled a report for the National Audit Office , is known to be deeply concerned that the payment from the public purse was hidden .
the comptroller and auditor general sir john bourne , who compiled a report for the national [check] office , is known to be deeply concerned that the payment from the public purse was hidden .

The National Audit Office will this week issue a report attacking the Treasury for hiding the £4,700 paid from taxpayers ' money to help evict ‘ Miss Whiplash ’ Sara Dale from Mr Lamont 's house .
the national [check] office will this week issue a report attacking the treasury for hiding the £4,700 paid from taxpayers ' money to help evict ‘ miss whiplash ’ sara dale from mr lamont 's house .

There used to be a rather cosy assumption among audit firms that they would never actually go bust .
there used to be a rather cosy assumption among [check] firms that they would never actually go bust .

Yet few audit firms have chosen to protect themselves by becoming limited companies , an option that has been open to them since October last year .
yet few [check] firms have chosen to protect themselves by becoming limited companies , an option that has been open to them since october last year .

Remote control audit
remote control [check]

Opinion shopping arises when a firm 's opinion is sought , by an organisation which is not an existing audit client , on the accounting treatments appropriate to its particular circumstances .
opinion shopping arises when a firm 's opinion is sought , by an organisation which is not an existing [check] client , on the accounting treatments appropriate to its particular circumstances .

in the light of the Cadbury Report , the implications of an auditor 's reporting on system design/implementation by his or her firm , and the desirability of rotation of audit partners ;
in the light of the cadbury report , the implications of an auditor 's reporting on system design/implementation by his or her firm , and the desirability of rotation of [check] partners ;

the implications of former partners ' joining audit client companies ;
the implications of former partners ' joining [check] client companies ;

It will have to embrace the role of detecting fraud , widen its responsibilities beyond the shareholders as a group , and spin off its audit regulatory role to an independent agency .
it will have to embrace the role of detecting fraud , widen its responsibilities beyond the shareholders as a group , and spin off its [check] regulatory role to an independent agency .

These are the controversial conclusions of a report , The Audit Expectations Gap in the United Kingdom , written by academics Christopher Humphrey , Peter Moizer and Stuart Turley , and published by the Institute 's Research Board .
these are the controversial conclusions of a report , the [check] expectations gap in the united kingdom , written by academics christopher humphrey , peter moizer and stuart turley , and published by the institute 's research board .

‘ The historical resistance of the expectations gap , ’ it says , ‘ points to something more than just an ‘ ignorance' ’ gap and suggests there exists scope for the profession to respond more actively to the views and demands of those relying on the audit function . ’
‘ the historical resistance of the expectations gap , ’ it says , ‘ points to something more than just an ‘ ignorance' ’ gap and suggests there exists scope for the profession to respond more actively to the views and demands of those relying on the [check] function . ’

Restricting auditors ' responsibilities just to shareholders , it says , inadequately reflects the wider role of audited financial statements and brings into question the need for a statutory audit .
restricting auditors ' responsibilities just to shareholders , it says , inadequately reflects the wider role of audited financial statements and brings into question the need for a statutory [check] .

The authors believe that a major reason for the public 's perception that auditors lack independence is their ‘ weak structural position ’ , and that the only way to overcome this is for audit regulation to be taken away from the profession .
the authors believe that a major reason for the public 's perception that auditors lack independence is their ‘ weak structural position ’ , and that the only way to overcome this is for [check] regulation to be taken away from the profession .

This ‘ office for auditing ’ could also open up audit practices to greater public scrutiny by monitoring their efficiency .
this ‘ office for auditing ’ could also open up [check] practices to greater public scrutiny by monitoring their efficiency .

First , of the top 12 international firms ' world audit market share , the Big Six now accounted for 87.7 % and their share was growing .
first , of the top 12 international firms ' world [check] market share , the big six now accounted for 87.7 % and their share was growing .

The 2 % drop in audit and business advisory services is blamed largely on a combination of the recession , fierce competition and ‘ severe downward pressure ’ on fees , while the knock-on effect of clients ' postponing discretionary spending was a 5 % drop in management consultancy fee income .
the 2 % drop in [check] and business advisory services is blamed largely on a combination of the recession , fierce competition and ‘ severe downward pressure ’ on fees , while the knock-on effect of clients ' postponing discretionary spending was a 5 % drop in management consultancy fee income .

In their last financial year , these 11 utilities raised their audit fees by 20% in total , thanks to an increase of 29% at British Gas , 100% at North West Water , Scottish Power and Severn Trent , 50% at Anglian Water and 20% at Thames Water .
in their last financial year , these 11 utilities raised their [check] fees by 20% in total , thanks to an increase of 29% at british gas , 100% at north west water , scottish power and severn trent , 50% at anglian water and 20% at thames water .

Significant rises in audit fees were recorded at : Guinness ( +30% ) , where turnover rose 16% to £4,067m ; Williams Holdings ( +30% ) , where profits included a contribution of 42 weeks ' trading for major acquisition Yale & Valor ; Burmah Castrol ( +18% ) ; Rank Organisation ( +33% ) , where turnover jumped to £2,114m ( v £1,333m ) after inclusion of a full year from major acquisition Mecca Leisure ; and Rentokil ( +19% ) where pretax profits rose by 27% .
significant rises in [check] fees were recorded at : guinness ( +30% ) , where turnover rose 16% to £4,067m ; williams holdings ( +30% ) , where profits included a contribution of 42 weeks ' trading for major acquisition yale & valor ; burmah castrol ( +18% ) ; rank organisation ( +33% ) , where turnover jumped to £2,114m ( v £1,333m ) after inclusion of a full year from major acquisition mecca leisure ; and rentokil ( +19% ) where pretax profits rose by 27% .

Price Waterhouse 's Australian arm has pledged to ‘ vigorously defend ’ what could amount to a multi-million dollar claim issued against it over the 1989 audit of failed textile company Linter Group Ltd .
price waterhouse 's australian arm has pledged to ‘ vigorously defend ’ what could amount to a multi-million dollar claim issued against it over the 1989 [check] of failed textile company linter group ltd .

This resulted in the accounts to 31 March 1989 , which were given a clean audit report , being materially misleading .
this resulted in the accounts to 31 march 1989 , which were given a clean [check] report , being materially misleading .

She has served as a student counsellor with the Education and Training Department and as deputy director of practice regulation she played a major role in setting up the new regulations for financial services business and audit .
she has served as a student counsellor with the education and training department and as deputy director of practice regulation she played a major role in setting up the new regulations for financial services business and [check] .

If you want a good example of value for money , look no further than the National Audit Office .
if you want a good example of value for money , look no further than the national [check] office .

In the 1991/92 financial year , the 900-strong watchdog saved the taxpayer some £200m , including a £30m a year reduction in the running costs of the Ministry of Defence 's service quarters , £12m recovered by the Inland Revenue through revised procedures on small company tax relief , and a £1.7m recovery arising from the Property Services Agency 's 1990/91 audit .
in the 1991/92 financial year , the 900-strong watchdog saved the taxpayer some £200m , including a £30m a year reduction in the running costs of the ministry of defence 's service quarters , £12m recovered by the inland revenue through revised procedures on small company tax relief , and a £1.7m recovery arising from the property services agency 's 1990/91 [check] .

With the steady influx of newly qualifieds every six months and the continuing decrease in demand , finding audit work in practice is extremely difficult .
with the steady influx of newly qualifieds every six months and the continuing decrease in demand , finding [check] work in practice is extremely difficult .

Audit regulation , changes to the disciplinary arrangements and the continuing development of accounting and auditing standards may go some way to increasing public confidence in the profession ; and various other proposed regulations and changes to the law , such as preventing directors of public companies from exercising any influence over the appointment and removal of auditors , might have more effect than any of the steps which have been taken so far .
[check] regulation , changes to the disciplinary arrangements and the continuing development of accounting and auditing standards may go some way to increasing public confidence in the profession ; and various other proposed regulations and changes to the law , such as preventing directors of public companies from exercising any influence over the appointment and removal of auditors , might have more effect than any of the steps which have been taken so far .

No amount of regulation or changes to the law will prevent the type of corporate failures which the public , however illogically , assume to be conclusive evidence of audit failures , and judging by the Government 's reluctance to relax the statutory audit requirement for small companies , there may , in any case , be less dissatisfaction with the quality of auditing than we are sometimes led to believe .
no amount of regulation or changes to the law will prevent the type of corporate failures which the public , however illogically , assume to be conclusive evidence of [check] failures , and judging by the government 's reluctance to relax the statutory [check] requirement for small companies , there may , in any case , be less dissatisfaction with the quality of auditing than we are sometimes led to believe .

The illustrative programme of additional expenditure from January 1993 , set out in Appendix 1 of The Future of Our Qualification , does include programmes ‘ to enhance firms ' profitability ’ and ‘ to help firms translate audit regulation into a profitable opportunity ’ , but these activities account for only £210,000 of the total additional expenditure of almost £2m .
the illustrative programme of additional expenditure from january 1993 , set out in appendix 1 of the future of our qualification , does include programmes ‘ to enhance firms ' profitability ’ and ‘ to help firms translate [check] regulation into a profitable opportunity ’ , but these activities account for only £210,000 of the total additional expenditure of almost £2m .

The revised Investment Business Regulations may reduce the unnecessary administrative burden created by the original regulations , and relaxing the statutory audit requirement for small companies may provide firms with an opportunity to provide their clients with more valuable services , while at the same time reducing their professional risk .
the revised investment business regulations may reduce the unnecessary administrative burden created by the original regulations , and relaxing the statutory [check] requirement for small companies may provide firms with an opportunity to provide their clients with more valuable services , while at the same time reducing their professional risk .

Its formidable bulk means that you are unlikely to want to carry it about with you if you can avoid it , but that has probably been true of most audit manuals for some time now .
its formidable bulk means that you are unlikely to want to carry it about with you if you can avoid it , but that has probably been true of most [check] manuals for some time now .

Signs of the times include sections on ‘ Adding value to the audit ’ , ‘ Audit regulation ’ and ‘ Controlling audit costs ’ .
signs of the times include sections on ‘ adding value to the [check] ’ , ‘ [check] regulation ’ and ‘ controlling [check] costs ’ .

The 1992 accounts ( due 31 December 1993 ) are almost complete but another six to eight weeks ' work is needed before the audit can be signed off .
the 1992 accounts ( due 31 december 1993 ) are almost complete but another six to eight weeks ' work is needed before the [check] can be signed off .

At that stage most advisers wo n't even have thought about visiting their clients ' premises to discuss the audit programme for the year .
at that stage most advisers wo n't even have thought about visiting their clients ' premises to discuss the [check] programme for the year .

The major points of difference between the proposed Statement of Auditing Standards and the existing standard are that : auditors ' reports would contain brief descriptions of the respective responsibilities of directors and auditors , and would indicate the basis of the opinion expressed and include a description of the key features of the audit process ; auditors would no longer issue qualified reports solely as a result of uncertainties which can not be resolved at the date the financial statements are approved ( ‘ inherent uncertainties ’ ) .
the major points of difference between the proposed statement of auditing standards and the existing standard are that : auditors ' reports would contain brief descriptions of the respective responsibilities of directors and auditors , and would indicate the basis of the opinion expressed and include a description of the key features of the [check] process ; auditors would no longer issue qualified reports solely as a result of uncertainties which can not be resolved at the date the financial statements are approved ( ‘ inherent uncertainties ’ ) .

They would express an unqualified opinion in these circumstances , taking into account the treatment of any matters affected by uncertainty ; auditors would draw attention to the way in which inherent uncertainties had been treated ; and their reports would state the date on which the audit was completed and on which their opinion is expressed .
they would express an unqualified opinion in these circumstances , taking into account the treatment of any matters affected by uncertainty ; auditors would draw attention to the way in which inherent uncertainties had been treated ; and their reports would state the date on which the [check] was completed and on which their opinion is expressed .

There also needs to be much clearer reference to the limitations in the audit process and , in particular , in relation to collusive or immaterial fraud and sudden changes in companies ' financial positions , as these are also fundamental to the expectations gap .
there also needs to be much clearer reference to the limitations in the [check] process and , in particular , in relation to collusive or immaterial fraud and sudden changes in companies ' financial positions , as these are also fundamental to the expectations gap .

The inclusion of added emphasis paragraphs would also undermine the clarity of audit reporting .
the inclusion of added emphasis paragraphs would also undermine the clarity of [check] reporting .

Our audit has been performed so as to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material error .
our [check] has been performed so as to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material error .

proper returns adequate for our audit have been received from all branches we did not visit ;
proper returns adequate for our [check] have been received from all branches we did not visit ;

we have obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief are necessary for the purpose of our audit . en
we have obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief are necessary for the purpose of our [check] . en

Our audit opinion is expressed at the date below .
our [check] opinion is expressed at the date below .

Practice Note 1 is directed at auditors of businesses regulated under the Financial Services Act 1986 , and provides guidance on certain aspects of the conduct of those audit engagements .
practice note 1 is directed at auditors of businesses regulated under the financial services act 1986 , and provides guidance on certain aspects of the conduct of those [check] engagements .

Sections 2 and 3 reproduce guidance relating to the audit of investment businesses issued by the Board 's predecessor , the Auditing Practices Committee .
sections 2 and 3 reproduce guidance relating to the [check] of investment businesses issued by the board 's predecessor , the auditing practices committee .

The practice note has not been developed to cover recognised professional bodies specifically , although much will be applicable to an audit of one of their members which conducts investment business .
the practice note has not been developed to cover recognised professional bodies specifically , although much will be applicable to an [check] of one of their members which conducts investment business .

Nevertheless , the breaches of these rules may have implications for the financial statements or other aspects of the auditor 's regular reporting responsibilities , and therefore some enquiry in these areas is needed as part of the audit .
nevertheless , the breaches of these rules may have implications for the financial statements or other aspects of the auditor 's regular reporting responsibilities , and therefore some enquiry in these areas is needed as part of the [check] .

Guinness , the international drinks business , has included an audit review from Price Waterhouse in its interim results statement for the six months to 30 June 1992 .
guinness , the international drinks business , has included an [check] review from price waterhouse in its interim results statement for the six months to 30 june 1992 .

Cadbury Schweppes ' interim report for the 24 weeks ended 13 June 1992 also contains group p & l , balance sheet and cash flow statement on separate pages , each with its own notes at the bottom but no audit review .
cadbury schweppes ' interim report for the 24 weeks ended 13 june 1992 also contains group p & l , balance sheet and cash flow statement on separate pages , each with its own notes at the bottom but no [check] review .

System changes ensure clean audit report
system changes ensure clean [check] report

This makes a change from the 1989/90 accounts which contained a full page of audit qualifications .
this makes a change from the 1989/90 accounts which contained a full page of [check] qualifications .

The 1991/92 accounts receive a clean audit report from Stoy Hayward without any additional comment .
the 1991/92 accounts receive a clean [check] report from stoy hayward without any additional comment .

Among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .
among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external [check] reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1986 and 30 September 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1986 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1986 and 30 september 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1986 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 28 February 1989 and 1 April 1989 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1987 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 28 february 1989 and 1 april 1989 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1987 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1990 and 1 June 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1988 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1990 and 1 june 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1988 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1988 and 8 February 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1989 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the Companies Act 1985
he in bromborough between 30 april 1988 and 8 february 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1989 in which the profit and loss account and balance sheet did not follow the format set out in schedule 4 part 1 of the companies act 1985

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1986 and 30 September 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1986 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1986 and 30 september 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1986 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 28 February 1989 and 1 April 1989 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1987 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 28 february 1989 and 1 april 1989 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1987 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1990 and 1 June 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1988 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985 and
he in bromborough between 30 april 1990 and 1 june 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1988 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985 and

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1988 and 8 February 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1989 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the Companies Act 1985
he in bromborough between 30 april 1988 and 8 february 1991 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1989 which accounts did not refer to the information required in schedule 4 part 3 of the companies act 1985

he in Bromborough between 30 April 1990 and 1 June 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an audit report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 April 1988 which report did not comply with the revised version of the auditing standard ‘ The Audit Report ’ was reprimanded , fined £l , 000 and ordered to pay £500 by way of costs .
he in bromborough between 30 april 1990 and 1 june 1990 whilst his firm were the auditors of a limited company issued an [check] report on that company 's accounts for the year ended 30 april 1988 which report did not comply with the revised version of the auditing standard ‘ the [check] report ’ was reprimanded , fined £l , 000 and ordered to pay £500 by way of costs .

They argued that the auditors should have qualified their 1982 audit report and that , had they done so , Berg would not have been able to continue to trade .
they argued that the auditors should have qualified their 1982 [check] report and that , had they done so , berg would not have been able to continue to trade .

By the time of the completion of the audit , over six months had already elapsed since the end of the year covered by these accounts .
by the time of the completion of the [check] , over six months had already elapsed since the end of the year covered by these accounts .

Unsupported representations , whether oral or written , do not of themselves constitute sufficient audit evidence .
unsupported representations , whether oral or written , do not of themselves constitute sufficient [check] evidence .

Unsupported representations , whether oral or written , are insufficient audit evidence .
unsupported representations , whether oral or written , are insufficient [check] evidence .

Almost as many thought that an independent audit committee should be legally required .
almost as many thought that an independent [check] committee should be legally required .

Coopers & Lybrand was appointed by the audit committee of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development to check its heavy spending on office furniture and private jets .
coopers & lybrand was appointed by the [check] committee of the european bank for reconstruction and development to check its heavy spending on office furniture and private jets .

The report , originally prepared last year by the government 's National Audit Office as a quick swot of the services offered by London 's top galleries and museums , has just been circulated as a final draft ; it is due for submission to Parliament shortly .
the report , originally prepared last year by the government 's national [check] office as a quick swot of the services offered by london 's top galleries and museums , has just been circulated as a final draft ; it is due for submission to parliament shortly .

There are many situations when the order is of no great consequence , for example a safety audit of a new machine , and in this latter case some logical structure is needed .
there are many situations when the order is of no great consequence , for example a safety [check] of a new machine , and in this latter case some logical structure is needed .

As Quality Control/Data Scientists you will be responsible for important quality control and audit procedures for the laboratory 's analytical functions , and be involved in the operation and management of laboratory and Regional Data systems .
as quality control/data scientists you will be responsible for important quality control and [check] procedures for the laboratory 's analytical functions , and be involved in the operation and management of laboratory and regional data systems .

In late December 1986 the Audit Commission for local authorities in England and Wales published an influential report which severely criticized the existing public sector framework for community care services .
in late december 1986 the [check] commission for local authorities in england and wales published an influential report which severely criticized the existing public sector framework for community care services .

As a direct result of Audit Commission criticisms and other recently published reports , the government announced that Sir Roy Griffiths had been invited ‘ to undertake a review of the way in which public funds are used to support community care and to advise on the options for action which would improve the use of these funds as a contribution to more effective community care ’ .
as a direct result of [check] commission criticisms and other recently published reports , the government announced that sir roy griffiths had been invited ‘ to undertake a review of the way in which public funds are used to support community care and to advise on the options for action which would improve the use of these funds as a contribution to more effective community care ’ .

The National Audit Act , a private member 's bill sponsored by Mr St John Stevas , provided that the Public Accounts Committee should have a decisive voice in the choice of the Comptroller — previously it had been a government nomination .
the national [check] act , a private member 's bill sponsored by mr st john stevas , provided that the public accounts committee should have a decisive voice in the choice of the comptroller — previously it had been a government nomination .

This act also authorized the creation of a Public Accounts Commission composed of MPs to supervise the Comptroller 's department , now known as the National Audit Office .
this act also authorized the creation of a public accounts commission composed of mps to supervise the comptroller 's department , now known as the national [check] office .

The commission , subject to parliamentary ratification , approves staffing levels in the National Audit Office ; as only one member of this commission is a minister , the Commons has made the National Audit Office remarkably independent of ministers .
the commission , subject to parliamentary ratification , approves staffing levels in the national [check] office ; as only one member of this commission is a minister , the commons has made the national [check] office remarkably independent of ministers .

In 1983 Mr St John Stevas promoted a private member 's bill , The National Audit Bill , which sought to give the Comptroller and Auditor General access to the accounts of nationalized industries so that his staff could investigate them as they do the accounts of government departments .
in 1983 mr st john stevas promoted a private member 's bill , the national [check] bill , which sought to give the comptroller and auditor general access to the accounts of nationalized industries so that his staff could investigate them as they do the accounts of government departments .

The accounts of local authorities are subject to scrutiny by auditors appointed by the Audit Commission .
the accounts of local authorities are subject to scrutiny by auditors appointed by the [check] commission .

The arrangements for auditing were reorganized by the Local Government Finance Act 1982 and the Audit Commission it established was given powers to undertake ‘ value for money ’ studies designed to help the efficiency of local authorities .
the arrangements for auditing were reorganized by the local government finance act 1982 and the [check] commission it established was given powers to undertake ‘ value for money ’ studies designed to help the efficiency of local authorities .

As a result local authorities have often referred the matter to the Secretary of State ( 85 per cent of cases between 1980 and 1985 according to Audit Commission , 1986 ) .
as a result local authorities have often referred the matter to the secretary of state ( 85 per cent of cases between 1980 and 1985 according to [check] commission , 1986 ) .

In some companies this role has to a degree been formalised through the creation of audit committees made up of non-executives , their function being to review the effectiveness of the company 's auditing procedures and to liaise with the auditors .
in some companies this role has to a degree been formalised through the creation of [check] committees made up of non-executives , their function being to review the effectiveness of the company 's auditing procedures and to liaise with the auditors .

Other oversight bodies would include Select Committees and audit agencies .
other oversight bodies would include select committees and [check] agencies .

This body , which is closely associated with the Cour des Comptes ( or the national audit authority ) , examines all aspects of managerial efficiency as well as reporting upon the accounts .
this body , which is closely associated with the cour des comptes ( or the national [check] authority ) , examines all aspects of managerial efficiency as well as reporting upon the accounts .

Audit and Public Accountability
[check] and public accountability

Audit is an ex post event and improvements in this important function may be of little long-term value if they are not coupled with more general reforms of the accountability of government .
[check] is an ex post event and improvements in this important function may be of little long-term value if they are not coupled with more general reforms of the accountability of government .

The expanded audit mandates discussed in chapter 6 mean that auditors are no longer solely concerned with fiscal compliance ; rather they are now charged with assessing and reporting on management 's efforts to develop effective programmes as efficiently as possible .
the expanded [check] mandates discussed in chapter 6 mean that auditors are no longer solely concerned with fiscal compliance ; rather they are now charged with assessing and reporting on management 's efforts to develop effective programmes as efficiently as possible .

The Audit Guide : Auditing of Efficiency ( 1981 ) , produced by the Office of the Auditor General of Canada , draws an important distinction between efficiency and productivity .
the [check] guide : auditing of efficiency ( 1981 ) , produced by the office of the auditor general of canada , draws an important distinction between efficiency and productivity .

The 1981 Canadian Audit Guide ( p. 5 ) discussed the importance of efficiency measures in the following terms :
the 1981 canadian [check] guide ( p. 5 ) discussed the importance of efficiency measures in the following terms :

This chapter principally discusses the role of external audit in the public sector .
this chapter principally discusses the role of external [check] in the public sector .

Audit is a process that is superimposed on an accountability relationship .
[check] is a process that is superimposed on an accountability relationship .

The audit is usually performed by a third party , primarily serving the interests of the party who delegated the responsibility .
the [check] is usually performed by a third party , primarily serving the interests of the party who delegated the responsibility .

Audit , as shown in figure 6. 1 , provides the independent link in the management cycle between programme and budget choices , and the use of funds and the results achieved .
[check] , as shown in figure 6. 1 , provides the independent link in the management cycle between programme and budget choices , and the use of funds and the results achieved .

The Exchequer and Audit Departments Act of 1866 ( as slightly amended in 1921 ) created the office of the Comptroller and Auditor General and charged him to identify and report upon the public accounts and to ensure that expenditures were authorised by Parliament and supported by the Treasury .
the exchequer and [check] departments act of 1866 ( as slightly amended in 1921 ) created the office of the comptroller and auditor general and charged him to identify and report upon the public accounts and to ensure that expenditures were authorised by parliament and supported by the treasury .

In theory , though not always in practice , the 1866 Act required a 100 per cent audit of all transactions .
in theory , though not always in practice , the 1866 act required a 100 per cent [check] of all transactions .

The 1921 Act revoked this unworkable requirement and so condoned the concept of test auditing and , in more recent times , the adoption of a systems-based audit .
the 1921 act revoked this unworkable requirement and so condoned the concept of test auditing and , in more recent times , the adoption of a systems-based [check] .

Because the expenditure of many departments runs into hundreds of millions of pounds it is therefore a major audit task to check that the accounting and financial control systems underlying reported expenditure are both efficient and accurate .
because the expenditure of many departments runs into hundreds of millions of pounds it is therefore a major [check] task to check that the accounting and financial control systems underlying reported expenditure are both efficient and accurate .

The National Audit Office is planning to intensify its scrutiny of public spending next year with further investigations into the Government 's privatisation programme , green policies , homelessness , housing and inner city strategies . ( The Times , December 1989 )
the national [check] office is planning to intensify its scrutiny of public spending next year with further investigations into the government 's privatisation programme , green policies , homelessness , housing and inner city strategies . ( the times , december 1989 )

More than 200 university lecturers who were made redundant with golden handshakes averaging £80,000 have been re-hired . The blunder was uncovered by the National Audit Office … ( Daily Express , December 1989 )
more than 200 university lecturers who were made redundant with golden handshakes averaging £80,000 have been re-hired . the blunder was uncovered by the national [check] office … ( daily express , december 1989 )

Britain 's £750 million-a-year maternity services need better planning and more resources to tackle unacceptably high levels of perinatal deaths amongst the babies of the poor and deprived , the National Audit Office , Parliament 's financial watchdog , said in a report published yesterday . ( The Guardian , March 1990 )
britain 's £750 million-a-year maternity services need better planning and more resources to tackle unacceptably high levels of perinatal deaths amongst the babies of the poor and deprived , the national [check] office , parliament 's financial watchdog , said in a report published yesterday . ( the guardian , march 1990 )

Last week 's National Audit Report on the ‘ Quality of Road and Bridge Construction ’ pulls few punches in its look at the work of the Department of Transport , the Welsh Office and the Scottish Development Office .
last week 's national [check] report on the ‘ quality of road and bridge construction ’ pulls few punches in its look at the work of the department of transport , the welsh office and the scottish development office .

to provide a basic financial and regulating audit of departmental accounts ;
to provide a basic financial and regulating [check] of departmental accounts ;

The Comptroller and Auditor General shall for the financial year ending 31st March 1984 and for each subsequent financial year prepare an estimate of the expenses of the National Audit Office ; and the Commission shall examine that estimate and lay it before the House of Commons with such modifications , if any , as the Commission see fit .
the comptroller and auditor general shall for the financial year ending 31st march 1984 and for each subsequent financial year prepare an estimate of the expenses of the national [check] office ; and the commission shall examine that estimate and lay it before the house of commons with such modifications , if any , as the commission see fit .

Local government audit has a long history .
local government [check] has a long history .

Commencing in the sixteenth century , the intervention of successive parliaments has led to the present-day role of the district audit .
commencing in the sixteenth century , the intervention of successive parliaments has led to the present-day role of the district [check] .

Some seven Poor Law Acts culminated in the Poor Law Amendment Act 1844 , Section 32 of which provided the auditor with ‘ full powers to examine , audit , allow , or disallow of accounts , and of items therein ' .
some seven poor law acts culminated in the poor law amendment act 1844 , section 32 of which provided the auditor with ‘ full powers to examine , [check] , allow , or disallow of accounts , and of items therein ' .

Over the next 138 years several Acts of Parliament enhanced the role of the district audit service , the most recent legislation for England and Wales being provided by the Local Government Finance Act 1982 .
over the next 138 years several acts of parliament enhanced the role of the district [check] service , the most recent legislation for england and wales being provided by the local government finance act 1982 .

This report pointed out that there existed no clear accountability for the expenditure of public money on local services and called for an audit service independent of both central and local government .
this report pointed out that there existed no clear accountability for the expenditure of public money on local services and called for an [check] service independent of both central and local government .

The Local Government Finance Act 1982 ( Section 11 ) established the Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales ( the Commission ) .
the local government finance act 1982 ( section 11 ) established the [check] commission for local authorities in england and wales ( the commission ) .

At present the majority of audit appointments remain with the district audit service , whose statutory responsibilities were transferred from the Department of the Environment to the Commission .
at present the majority of [check] appointments remain with the district [check] service , whose statutory responsibilities were transferred from the department of the environment to the commission .

However , an increasing proportion of audit appointments have been made to private sector accounting firms , the intention being to ultimately provide for a 50/50 split of appointments between the Commission 's own staff and the private sector .
however , an increasing proportion of [check] appointments have been made to private sector accounting firms , the intention being to ultimately provide for a 50/50 split of appointments between the commission 's own staff and the private sector .

All local authority auditors are expected to review aspects of value for money as part of their annual audit programme .
all local authority auditors are expected to review aspects of value for money as part of their annual [check] programme .

1 identify , in the course of the annual audit effort , specific local opportunities to improve value for money by reference to other steps that have already been taken successfully in other authorities facing similar problems ; 2 promote good management practice by documenting achievements and training auditors to spot potential improvements , and publishing the results of special reports ; 3 encourage — even promote — action , though ( auditors ’ ) reports to officers and members , management letters to the authority and ( if necessary ) reports in the public interest ; 4 monitor implementation performance during annual audits , drawing attention as required to any shortfall ; 5 co-ordinate the efforts of related organizations . The Commission does not believe that it would be fruitful simply to gauge individual local authorities ' spending levels against aggregate spending levels ( 1983 , p. 17 ) :
1 identify , in the course of the annual [check] effort , specific local opportunities to improve value for money by reference to other steps that have already been taken successfully in other authorities facing similar problems ; 2 promote good management practice by documenting achievements and training auditors to spot potential improvements , and publishing the results of special reports ; 3 encourage — even promote — action , though ( auditors ’ ) reports to officers and members , management letters to the authority and ( if necessary ) reports in the public interest ; 4 monitor implementation performance during annual audits , drawing attention as required to any shortfall ; 5 co-ordinate the efforts of related organizations . the commission does not believe that it would be fruitful simply to gauge individual local authorities ' spending levels against aggregate spending levels ( 1983 , p. 17 ) :

In Scotland , the local authorities ' auditors duties are contained in the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1983 All auditors of local authority accounts for periods commencing after 31 March 1983 are expected to observe the Standards for the External Audit of Scottish Local Authorities published by the Accounts Commission ( a similar body to the Audit Commission for England and Wales ) .
in scotland , the local authorities ' auditors duties are contained in the local government ( scotland ) act 1983 all auditors of local authority accounts for periods commencing after 31 march 1983 are expected to observe the standards for the external [check] of scottish local authorities published by the accounts commission ( a similar body to the [check] commission for england and wales ) .

Current Labour Party policy would like to see the establishment of a Quality Commission which would incorporate some of the present duties of the Audit Commission in England and Wales and the Accounts Commission in Scotland .
current labour party policy would like to see the establishment of a quality commission which would incorporate some of the present duties of the [check] commission in england and wales and the accounts commission in scotland .

The relevant Secretary of State of each nationalized industry appoints a firm of private sector auditors to carry out financial/regulating audit .
the relevant secretary of state of each nationalized industry appoints a firm of private sector auditors to carry out financial/regulating [check] .

For example , under the provisions of the Transport Act 1962 , the secretary of State for Transport appoints the external auditors of the accounts of the British Railways Board ( the auditors must , incidentally , be members of one of the professional accountancy bodies recognized as qualified to undertake the audit of limited liability companies ) .
for example , under the provisions of the transport act 1962 , the secretary of state for transport appoints the external auditors of the accounts of the british railways board ( the auditors must , incidentally , be members of one of the professional accountancy bodies recognized as qualified to undertake the [check] of limited liability companies ) .

Each year , the audited accounts and accompanying audit report are sent to the Secretary of State who , in turn , presents them to Parliament .
each year , the audited accounts and accompanying [check] report are sent to the secretary of state who , in turn , presents them to parliament .

This brief report combines three elements , common to all the audit reports of nationalized industries :
this brief report combines three elements , common to all the [check] reports of nationalized industries :

The audit reports of nationalized industries merely mirror the reports of private sector limited companies .
the [check] reports of nationalized industries merely mirror the reports of private sector limited companies .

Even in more recent times there have been calls to make nationalized industries , through their audit reports , more accountable to Parliament .
even in more recent times there have been calls to make nationalized industries , through their [check] reports , more accountable to parliament .

The most critical requirement of an effectiveness audit is a clear statement of the programme objectives for which the level of achievement is to be measured .
the most critical requirement of an effectiveness [check] is a clear statement of the programme objectives for which the level of achievement is to be measured .

The increase in audit mandate of the six countries discussed has arisen largely because government agencies tend to exercise greater restraint .
the increase in [check] mandate of the six countries discussed has arisen largely because government agencies tend to exercise greater restraint .

It is the responsibility of internal audit to review , appraise and report upon the following matters :
it is the responsibility of internal [check] to review , appraise and report upon the following matters :

The establishment of internal controls is the responsibility of management , not of internal audit , but as a service to management it is part of the latter 's role to review , appraise and report on the soundness and adequacy of these controls .
the establishment of internal controls is the responsibility of management , not of internal [check] , but as a service to management it is part of the latter 's role to review , appraise and report on the soundness and adequacy of these controls .

The role of internal audit is to ensure that these arrangements are implemented and that they remain satisfactory .
the role of internal [check] is to ensure that these arrangements are implemented and that they remain satisfactory .

For internal audit to carry out these responsibilities it is essential that it operates with adequate independence .
for internal [check] to carry out these responsibilities it is essential that it operates with adequate independence .

It is also recognized that at the same time there is a need for close cooperation with the other departments and sections of the organization and with the statutorily appointed external auditor , particularly with regard to the exchange of information and to making the best overall use of audit resources .
it is also recognized that at the same time there is a need for close cooperation with the other departments and sections of the organization and with the statutorily appointed external auditor , particularly with regard to the exchange of information and to making the best overall use of [check] resources .

Conditions vary from organization to organization and across different parts of the public sector , some organizations being noted for having a history of indifference to internal audit .
conditions vary from organization to organization and across different parts of the public sector , some organizations being noted for having a history of indifference to internal [check] .

Internal audit is an integral part of internal control .
internal [check] is an integral part of internal control .

In other countries there has been a trend to expand the roles of internal audit to meet the growing public concern that the administration of government be subject to review and control .
in other countries there has been a trend to expand the roles of internal [check] to meet the growing public concern that the administration of government be subject to review and control .

For example , the Commonwealth Government of Australia has , in recent years , devoted much attention to the quality of service from its internal audit staff .
for example , the commonwealth government of australia has , in recent years , devoted much attention to the quality of service from its internal [check] staff .

diversion of internal audit staff to other duties , reducing effectiveness of the internal audit function ;
diversion of internal [check] staff to other duties , reducing effectiveness of the internal [check] function ;

arrears of work resulting in inadequate coverage by internal audit ;
arrears of work resulting in inadequate coverage by internal [check] ;

audit methodology not geared to a systems-based approach ;
[check] methodology not geared to a systems-based approach ;

working papers not providing adequate documentation on the scope and quality of the audits in a manner necessary for audit management and ;
working papers not providing adequate documentation on the scope and quality of the audits in a manner necessary for [check] management and ;

One way that communication between the organization , the external auditor and the internal auditor can be improved is through the establishment of an audit committee .
one way that communication between the organization , the external auditor and the internal auditor can be improved is through the establishment of an [check] committee .

discussing with external auditors the scope and purpose of their audit before its commencement ;
discussing with external auditors the scope and purpose of their [check] before its commencement ;

agreeing the responsibilities and scope of internal audit and reviewing its findings ;
agreeing the responsibilities and scope of internal [check] and reviewing its findings ;

reviewing with the external auditors their evaluation of internal audit and discussing their recommendations ;
reviewing with the external auditors their evaluation of internal [check] and discussing their recommendations ;

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors for audit services .
disclose remuneration paid to auditors for [check] services .

Audit report
[check] report

An audit report is required for every set of accounts prepared for every reference period ( except dormant companies — s 250 ) .
an [check] report is required for every set of accounts prepared for every reference period ( except dormant companies — s 250 ) .

The audit report should specify the standards which have been followed during the audit .
the [check] report should specify the standards which have been followed during the [check] .

The audit report should state whether , in the opinion of the auditors , the accounts have been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 1985 and give a true and fair view of the state of the group 's and the company 's affairs and of the group 's profit or loss for the year .
the [check] report should state whether , in the opinion of the auditors , the accounts have been properly prepared in accordance with the companies act 1985 and give a true and fair view of the state of the group 's and the company 's affairs and of the group 's profit or loss for the year .

If any of the following requirements have not been met , the audit report should state that fact : proper accounting records must be kept proper returns must be obtained from branches not visited by the auditor the accounts must be in agreement with the accounting records and returns all information and explanations considered necessary for the audit must be obtained .
if any of the following requirements have not been met , the [check] report should state that fact : proper accounting records must be kept proper returns must be obtained from branches not visited by the auditor the accounts must be in agreement with the accounting records and returns all information and explanations considered necessary for the [check] must be obtained .

The audit report should refer to significant departures from SSAPs where either they are not explained in the accounts or they are explained in the accounts but the auditor does not concur .
the [check] report should refer to significant departures from ssaps where either they are not explained in the accounts or they are explained in the accounts but the auditor does not concur .

The audit report should be signed by the auditors and state their identity .
the [check] report should be signed by the auditors and state their identity .

The date on the audit report should be the date on which the auditors sign the report , which should be on or after the date of board approval .
the date on the [check] report should be the date on which the auditors sign the report , which should be on or after the date of board approval .

Where the audit report is qualified and the company proposes to pay a dividend , the auditors will have to state in writing whether their qualifications is material in determining whether the company can lawfully make the proposed distribution .
where the [check] report is qualified and the company proposes to pay a dividend , the auditors will have to state in writing whether their qualifications is material in determining whether the company can lawfully make the proposed distribution .

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors for audit services .
disclose remuneration paid to auditors for [check] services .

Audit report
[check] report

An audit report is required for every set of accounts prepared for every reference period ( except dormant companies — s.253 ) .
an [check] report is required for every set of accounts prepared for every reference period ( except dormant companies — s.253 ) .

The audit report should specify the standards which have been followed during the audit .
the [check] report should specify the standards which have been followed during the [check] .

The audit report should state whether , in the opinion of the auditors , the accounts have been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 1985 and give a true and fair view of the state of the company 's affairs and of its profit or loss for the year .
the [check] report should state whether , in the opinion of the auditors , the accounts have been properly prepared in accordance with the companies act 1985 and give a true and fair view of the state of the company 's affairs and of its profit or loss for the year .

all information and explanations considered necessary for the audit must be given .
all information and explanations considered necessary for the [check] must be given .

The audit report should refer to significant departures from SSAPs where either they are not explained in the accounts or they are explained in the accounts but the auditor does not concur .
the [check] report should refer to significant departures from ssaps where either they are not explained in the accounts or they are explained in the accounts but the auditor does not concur .

The audit report should be signed by the auditors and state their identity .
the [check] report should be signed by the auditors and state their identity .

The date on the audit report should be the date on which the auditors sign the report , which should be on or after the date of board approval .
the date on the [check] report should be the date on which the auditors sign the report , which should be on or after the date of board approval .

Audit report
[check] report

If the audit report is qualified the special report should include any further material necessary to understand the qualification .
if the [check] report is qualified the special report should include any further material necessary to understand the qualification .

The audit report should be signed by the auditors and state their identity .
the [check] report should be signed by the auditors and state their identity .

The date on the audit report should be the date on which the auditors sign the report , which should be on or after the date of board approval .
the date on the [check] report should be the date on which the auditors sign the report , which should be on or after the date of board approval .

In serious cases such as this , the structures of popular power like the village or community assembly would be turned into a forum for medical discussion — a sort of popular medical audit .
in serious cases such as this , the structures of popular power like the village or community assembly would be turned into a forum for medical discussion — a sort of popular medical [check] .

This case raises concerns about the accuracy of audit data when patients are treated in this way .
this case raises concerns about the accuracy of [check] data when patients are treated in this way .

In 1984 an audit in the hospital of 200 consecutive women aged under 40 who underwent diagnostic dilatation and curettage showed no cases of endometrial carcinoma and only 16 cases of endometrial hyperplasia .
in 1984 an [check] in the hospital of 200 consecutive women aged under 40 who underwent diagnostic dilatation and curettage showed no cases of endometrial carcinoma and only 16 cases of endometrial hyperplasia .

Preliminary data from a recent audit exercise have shown that uptake of immunisation has improved from 60 % in 1986 to 90 % in 1991 .
preliminary data from a recent [check] exercise have shown that uptake of immunisation has improved from 60 % in 1986 to 90 % in 1991 .

We have undertaken the type of audit Coulter and colleagues suggest , using a small cohort of patients from Northwick Park Hospital .
we have undertaken the type of [check] coulter and colleagues suggest , using a small cohort of patients from northwick park hospital .

We have not yet investigated any change in the incidence of dilatation and curettage in young women since this audit , but we conclude that if a strict protocol for surgery is adhered to , the proportion of patients for whom useful histological information is gained should increase and the number of dilatation and curettage operations decrease with appropriate clinical and economic advantage .
we have not yet investigated any change in the incidence of dilatation and curettage in young women since this [check] , but we conclude that if a strict protocol for surgery is adhered to , the proportion of patients for whom useful histological information is gained should increase and the number of dilatation and curettage operations decrease with appropriate clinical and economic advantage .

Meanwhile it would be of great help if the accuracy of death certification could be improved , possibly through audit .
meanwhile it would be of great help if the accuracy of death certification could be improved , possibly through [check] .

This simple audit , which took less than nine hours , has led us , as a first step , to chase up all notes that have not been received within 12 weeks .
this simple [check] , which took less than nine hours , has led us , as a first step , to chase up all notes that have not been received within 12 weeks .

This aspect is being addressed very successfully by the Medical Audit Advisory Groups .
this aspect is being addressed very successfully by the medical [check] advisory groups .

Audit of general practitioner services is generally regarded as desirable , but funding is scarce .
[check] of general practitioner services is generally regarded as desirable , but funding is scarce .

Audit and standard setting of measures common to all or most practices may best be designed and supported by a central body with nationwide aegis .
[check] and standard setting of measures common to all or most practices may best be designed and supported by a central body with nationwide aegis .

As with audit a nationwide body is needed for nationwide consistency .
as with [check] a nationwide body is needed for nationwide consistency .

One of the strengths of the Australian National Health Strategy initiative has been its ‘ equity audit ’ on the health care sector — identifying problems over access and use of services for different groups in the population .
one of the strengths of the australian national health strategy initiative has been its ‘ equity [check] ’ on the health care sector — identifying problems over access and use of services for different groups in the population .

To take but one of many examples , there is a single code to represent all the variations on the Charnley hip replacement procedure — quite adequate for most statistical purposes but falling short of the detail required for audit and for many of the uses to which medical records are put .
to take but one of many examples , there is a single code to represent all the variations on the charnley hip replacement procedure — quite adequate for most statistical purposes but falling short of the detail required for [check] and for many of the uses to which medical records are put .

We also agreed to set up systems for audit ( box 2 ) .
we also agreed to set up systems for [check] ( box 2 ) .

Our first audit showed that in 20 % of referrals the referrer had given inadequate information ; the second showed that in only 7 % was information inadequate .
our first [check] showed that in 20 % of referrals the referrer had given inadequate information ; the second showed that in only 7 % was information inadequate .

Similarly , responses to us in writing within six weeks of referral rose from 25 % of cases in the first audit to 60 % in the second .
similarly , responses to us in writing within six weeks of referral rose from 25 % of cases in the first [check] to 60 % in the second .

The audit commission report highlighted blocks in funding , the perverse incentives for high cost forms of residential care which Linda Headland has highlighted , the lack of bridging finance from short term funding to permanent funding .
the [check] commission report highlighted blocks in funding , the perverse incentives for high cost forms of residential care which linda headland has highlighted , the lack of bridging finance from short term funding to permanent funding .

One can say , as the Audit Commission did in 1986 , that at its heart is the idea of a `` structured care process `` The Audit Commission model is that care is organised around 3 elements : the assessment of need prescribing care reviewing and monitoring care outcomes .
one can say , as the [check] commission did in 1986 , that at its heart is the idea of a `` structured care process `` the [check] commission model is that care is organised around 3 elements : the assessment of need prescribing care reviewing and monitoring care outcomes .

An audit of unplanned pregnancies seen in one practice also emphasised the need for great care in counselling people using the pill .
an [check] of unplanned pregnancies seen in one practice also emphasised the need for great care in counselling people using the pill .

National asthma attack audit 1991–2
national asthma attack [check] 1991–2

Medical audit has a key role in negotiating and monitoring standards of asthma care .
medical [check] has a key role in negotiating and monitoring standards of asthma care .

The General Practitioners in Asthma Group , formed in 1987 , exists to encourage good quality care of asthma in primary care , support educational initiatives , and encourage research and audit .
the general practitioners in asthma group , formed in 1987 , exists to encourage good quality care of asthma in primary care , support educational initiatives , and encourage research and [check] .

This paper reports the main findings from the first national audit of asthma attacks ( 1991–2 ) , which had two aims — to describe the characteristics of asthma attacks in the community , and to compare current management with recommended guidelines .
this paper reports the main findings from the first national [check] of asthma attacks ( 1991–2 ) , which had two aims — to describe the characteristics of asthma attacks in the community , and to compare current management with recommended guidelines .

The audit of asthma attacks represents an attempt to study the access to , process of , and outcome of asthma attacks in all age groups in all regions of the United Kingdom .
the [check] of asthma attacks represents an attempt to study the access to , process of , and outcome of asthma attacks in all age groups in all regions of the united kingdom .

Our findings , in common with those of other audit surveys , are a strong argument in favour of simple standardised recording systems for certain medical conditions such as acute chest pain , review of diabetes , major trauma , and burns .
our findings , in common with those of other [check] surveys , are a strong argument in favour of simple standardised recording systems for certain medical conditions such as acute chest pain , review of diabetes , major trauma , and burns .

Nurses at the infirmary have just been praised by the Audit Commission for their work on discharge planning , and a group of sisters in the orthopaedic unit confirmed that they had long taken this seriously .
nurses at the infirmary have just been praised by the [check] commission for their work on discharge planning , and a group of sisters in the orthopaedic unit confirmed that they had long taken this seriously .

The suggestion that generation of referral data should be specified in contracts is welcome , but should be extended to feedback ( through the medical audit network rather than through management ) of the results of radiography referral in terms of proportions of abnormal findings .
the suggestion that generation of referral data should be specified in contracts is welcome , but should be extended to feedback ( through the medical [check] network rather than through management ) of the results of radiography referral in terms of proportions of abnormal findings .

At a recent meeting of the North West London Dermatology Audit Group we examined the diagnostic accuracy of general practitioners ' referral letters to one dermatological department in a London teaching hospital .
at a recent meeting of the north west london dermatology [check] group we examined the diagnostic accuracy of general practitioners ' referral letters to one dermatological department in a london teaching hospital .

This learning cycle has obvious similarities to the audit cycle , which should be familiar to both senior house officers and their consultants .
this learning cycle has obvious similarities to the [check] cycle , which should be familiar to both senior house officers and their consultants .

This frees valuable time for the supervision and training of trainee psychiatrists and other team members in the assessment and management of patients and for the developmental , managerial , and audit tasks that are increasingly necessary for the efficient running of a modern comprehensive psychogeriatric service .
this frees valuable time for the supervision and training of trainee psychiatrists and other team members in the assessment and management of patients and for the developmental , managerial , and [check] tasks that are increasingly necessary for the efficient running of a modern comprehensive psychogeriatric service .

Not for the first time , hospital doctors have taken it on themselves to audit general practice activity rather than their own to support their viewpoint .
not for the first time , hospital doctors have taken it on themselves to [check] general practice activity rather than their own to support their viewpoint .

Virgin invited the Clarkes to carry out an independent audit , with the assurance that any money found to be owing would be paid .
virgin invited the clarkes to carry out an independent [check] , with the assurance that any money found to be owing would be paid .

Sebastian Clarke arrived to conduct the audit himself .
sebastian clarke arrived to conduct the [check] himself .

Norwich was then experiencing difficulty in securing a satisfactory reference for Mr. Tee from the Royal Life Insurance Ltd. , for whom Mr. Tee had managed a branch in the city of Winchester and which was currently the subject of an internal audit .
norwich was then experiencing difficulty in securing a satisfactory reference for mr. tee from the royal life insurance ltd. , for whom mr. tee had managed a branch in the city of winchester and which was currently the subject of an internal [check] .

They gave an unqualified audit report on the financial statements of Atlantic for the year ended 31 December 1987 ( before the acquisition ) and for the year ended 31 December 1988 ( i.e .
they gave an unqualified [check] report on the financial statements of atlantic for the year ended 31 december 1987 ( before the acquisition ) and for the year ended 31 december 1988 ( i.e .

According to the latest Audit Bureau of Circulations figures , the IoS averaged 374,084 for July to December against 352,335 for the same period in 1990 .
according to the latest [check] bureau of circulations figures , the ios averaged 374,084 for july to december against 352,335 for the same period in 1990 .

Mr. Nicholas Bennett ( Pembroke ) : On a point of order , Mr. Speaker . While we are on local government matters , perhaps Derbyshire county council could be included in the extraordinary audit so that we might establish why Mr. Reg Race has lasted only nine months and the pay-off has not been announced to the public ?
mr. nicholas bennett ( pembroke ) : on a point of order , mr. speaker . while we are on local government matters , perhaps derbyshire county council could be included in the extraordinary [check] so that we might establish why mr. reg race has lasted only nine months and the pay-off has not been announced to the public ?

2.55 : Internal Audit Officer phoned .
2.55 : internal [check] officer phoned .

The most important method of evaluating the organization 's total marketing effort is by employing a marketing audit .
the most important method of evaluating the organization 's total marketing effort is by employing a marketing [check] .

The audit needs to be carried out on a periodic rather than on an ad hoc basis , and , like any other rational evaluation , needs to be conducted in a systematic way .
the [check] needs to be carried out on a periodic rather than on an ad hoc basis , and , like any other rational evaluation , needs to be conducted in a systematic way .

The audit may be carried out by the organization 's own staff or by external consultants .
the [check] may be carried out by the organization 's own staff or by external consultants .

The advantage of such an audit lies in its ability to produce a critical assessment of the organization 's marketing strengths and weaknesses , whilst at the same time weighing up the threats and opportunities posed by the external environment .
the advantage of such an [check] lies in its ability to produce a critical assessment of the organization 's marketing strengths and weaknesses , whilst at the same time weighing up the threats and opportunities posed by the external environment .

It takes a considerable amount of time to conduct an audit covering the points mentioned above , and this time is expensive in labour costs .
it takes a considerable amount of time to conduct an [check] covering the points mentioned above , and this time is expensive in labour costs .

The most comprehensive way of assessing the organization 's marketing performance is by means of a marketing audit .
the most comprehensive way of assessing the organization 's marketing performance is by means of a marketing [check] .

Typical components of an audit would be — marketing environment , marketing strategy , marketing plans and controls , the marketing mix , profitability and costs , and the organization of marketing .
typical components of an [check] would be — marketing environment , marketing strategy , marketing plans and controls , the marketing mix , profitability and costs , and the organization of marketing .

For example an advance factory programme should ideally be measured by additional benefit to a region 's economy , but in practice intermediate measures such as jobs created may be used instead ( National Audit Office , 1986b , para .
for example an advance factory programme should ideally be measured by additional benefit to a region 's economy , but in practice intermediate measures such as jobs created may be used instead ( national [check] office , 1986b , para .

Certainly the measurement of programme expenditure has lagged far behind that of administrative expenditure ( National Audit Office , 1986b , para 12 ) , while ‘ little progress ’ has also apparently been made with integrating performance measurement with the public expenditure survey and parliamentary supply procedures ( Richards , 1987 , pp .
certainly the measurement of programme expenditure has lagged far behind that of administrative expenditure ( national [check] office , 1986b , para 12 ) , while ‘ little progress ’ has also apparently been made with integrating performance measurement with the public expenditure survey and parliamentary supply procedures ( richards , 1987 , pp .

These include , according to Gray ( 1986 , p. 18 ) , ‘ the Treasury ( in a number of guises ) , the [ former ] Management and Personnel Office ( especially the Management Efficiency Division ) , the Efficiency Unit , the Joint Management Unit , and even ( in the wings ) the National Audit Office ’ .
these include , according to gray ( 1986 , p. 18 ) , ‘ the treasury ( in a number of guises ) , the [ former ] management and personnel office ( especially the management efficiency division ) , the efficiency unit , the joint management unit , and even ( in the wings ) the national [check] office ’ .

The Act also established an Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales which became operational in 1983 .
the act also established an [check] commission for local authorities in england and wales which became operational in 1983 .

Far from being the lap-dog of central government , however , the Audit Commission has often flexed its muscles against the centre as well as against local authorities .
far from being the lap-dog of central government , however , the [check] commission has often flexed its muscles against the centre as well as against local authorities .

The Audit Commission can , therefore , be something of a two-edged sword in the context of central-local relationships .
the [check] commission can , therefore , be something of a two-edged sword in the context of central-local relationships .

As with attempts to control revenue , these capital controls were widely unpopular in local government , and authoritatively criticized as uncertain , inefficient and wasteful ( Audit Commission , 1985b ) .
as with attempts to control revenue , these capital controls were widely unpopular in local government , and authoritatively criticized as uncertain , inefficient and wasteful ( [check] commission , 1985b ) .

On the one hand , advisory roles are shifting more towards inspection and quality control , and the accountability of advisers and inspectors to their employing LEAs is being more firmly underscored ( Audit Commission 1989b ) .
on the one hand , advisory roles are shifting more towards inspection and quality control , and the accountability of advisers and inspectors to their employing leas is being more firmly underscored ( [check] commission 1989b ) .

The fact that the conditions outlined here seem to be all too common in LEAs nationally ( Audit Commission 1989b ) does not diminish the need to do something about them .
the fact that the conditions outlined here seem to be all too common in leas nationally ( [check] commission 1989b ) does not diminish the need to do something about them .

In the light of the foregoing , it is worth recalling the six tasks commended by the Audit Commission ( 1989a ) for post-ERA LEAs . These include :
in the light of the foregoing , it is worth recalling the six tasks commended by the [check] commission ( 1989a ) for post-era leas . these include :

This set up an Audit Commission for local authorities in England and Wales .
this set up an [check] commission for local authorities in england and wales .

Such investigations have given rise to wide-ranging reports like those on housing management ( Audit Commission , 1986a ) and community care ( Audit Commission , 1986b ) .
such investigations have given rise to wide-ranging reports like those on housing management ( [check] commission , 1986a ) and community care ( [check] commission , 1986b ) .

The 1989 Audit Commission report on the probation service noted considerable variations in hours of attendance required at day centres , in breach of procedures for failure to attend the centres , in the frequency of visits offenders received whilst on probation and in unit costs .
the 1989 [check] commission report on the probation service noted considerable variations in hours of attendance required at day centres , in breach of procedures for failure to attend the centres , in the frequency of visits offenders received whilst on probation and in unit costs .

No company would permit an unqualified accountant to audit its books , no matter how well he presents himself , and no patient would allow a doctor without qualifications to operate on him just because he has plenty of ‘ implied ’ ability .
no company would permit an unqualified accountant to [check] its books , no matter how well he presents himself , and no patient would allow a doctor without qualifications to operate on him just because he has plenty of ‘ implied ’ ability .

The government claims to spend £3.5 billion on urban policies ; the Audit Commission puts the figure at £1.9 billion .
the government claims to spend £3.5 billion on urban policies ; the [check] commission puts the figure at £1.9 billion .

It was the indictments of the Audit Commission that led the Secretary of State for Social Services to ask Sir Roy Griffiths ‘ to review the way in which public funds are used to support community care policy and to advise … on the options for action that would improve the use of these funds as a contribution to more effective community care ’ .
it was the indictments of the [check] commission that led the secretary of state for social services to ask sir roy griffiths ‘ to review the way in which public funds are used to support community care policy and to advise … on the options for action that would improve the use of these funds as a contribution to more effective community care ’ .

If substantial public funds are to be made over to voluntary associations then , as Griffiths intimates , some form of audit ‘ becomes essential : and this raises the question of the independence of voluntary organisations , which is said to be one of their great virtues .
if substantial public funds are to be made over to voluntary associations then , as griffiths intimates , some form of [check] ‘ becomes essential : and this raises the question of the independence of voluntary organisations , which is said to be one of their great virtues .

The Audit Commission , the King 's Fund Institute , Hadley , Hatch and Willmott are among those supporting this view .
the [check] commission , the king 's fund institute , hadley , hatch and willmott are among those supporting this view .

Many community care schemes have elements of self help built into them . The Audit Commission makes the following comment :
many community care schemes have elements of self help built into them . the [check] commission makes the following comment :

The achievement of what the Audit Commission calls ‘ locally integrated community care ’ depends upon the successful interweaving of statutory , voluntary and informal services .
the achievement of what the [check] commission calls ‘ locally integrated community care ’ depends upon the successful interweaving of statutory , voluntary and informal services .

In this way , the audit staff can assess whether the initial appraisal was suitable thorough .
in this way , the [check] staff can assess whether the initial appraisal was suitable thorough .

Mr Jenkins is a member of The Law Society and a lay member of the Audit Registration Committee , Institute of Chartered Accountants .
mr jenkins is a member of the law society and a lay member of the [check] registration committee , institute of chartered accountants .

Environmental Audit Completes First Phase
environmental [check] completes first phase

The first phase of the Trust 's Environmental Audit , announced in the summer 1990 issue of the magazine , has now been completed and a programme has been approved which should result in the principles of environmental protection being more firmly entrenched in the Trust 's activities .
the first phase of the trust 's environmental [check] , announced in the summer 1990 issue of the magazine , has now been completed and a programme has been approved which should result in the principles of environmental protection being more firmly entrenched in the trust 's activities .

This publications audit will often turn up other interesting facts that you might have been unaware of like two departments doing exactly the same thing through different outside agencies or short runs being hammered out on page printers when they could have been more effectively produced on a photocopier or by a print shop .
this publications [check] will often turn up other interesting facts that you might have been unaware of like two departments doing exactly the same thing through different outside agencies or short runs being hammered out on page printers when they could have been more effectively produced on a photocopier or by a print shop .

Your next step is to perform a software and hardware audit .
your next step is to perform a software and hardware [check] .

From the earlier document audit you will know what you want to produce , you also know what software you currently use and the skills available to you .
from the earlier document [check] you will know what you want to produce , you also know what software you currently use and the skills available to you .

The level of sophistication that you require from the system will be governed by many factors which the groundwork that you did in terms of the document audit should have revealed .
the level of sophistication that you require from the system will be governed by many factors which the groundwork that you did in terms of the document [check] should have revealed .

These are often documents that were never included in the original audit — perhaps never existed until someone saw the potential of the new system and decided to exploit it .
these are often documents that were never included in the original [check] — perhaps never existed until someone saw the potential of the new system and decided to exploit it .

Thus the way a prison warder , or even a shopfloor supervisor , exercises authority to get subordinates to do what he wants will be different from the way in which the director of a public company or the managing director of an audit firm will exercise theirs .
thus the way a prison warder , or even a shopfloor supervisor , exercises authority to get subordinates to do what he wants will be different from the way in which the director of a public company or the managing director of an [check] firm will exercise theirs .

His position was briefly threatened in 1804 , when the vestry instigated an audit of the parish accounts .
his position was briefly threatened in 1804 , when the vestry instigated an [check] of the parish accounts .

by compulsory disclosure of the financial position in the company 's published accounts and by attempting to ensure their accuracy through a professional audit .
by compulsory disclosure of the financial position in the company 's published accounts and by attempting to ensure their accuracy through a professional [check] .

In preparing this report they must carry out such investigations as will enable them to form an opinion on ( a ) whether proper accounting records have been kept by the company and whether proper returns adequate for their audit have been received from branches which they have not visited and ( b ) whether the company 's individual accounts are in agreement with the accounting records and returns .
in preparing this report they must carry out such investigations as will enable them to form an opinion on ( a ) whether proper accounting records have been kept by the company and whether proper returns adequate for their [check] have been received from branches which they have not visited and ( b ) whether the company 's individual accounts are in agreement with the accounting records and returns .

If they have failed to obtain all the information and explanations which , to the best of their knowledge and belief , are necessary for the purpose of their audit their report must so state .
if they have failed to obtain all the information and explanations which , to the best of their knowledge and belief , are necessary for the purpose of their [check] their report must so state .

It hardly needs saying that if there is no audit there will not be any auditors ' report to be sent to members , laid before a general meeting , or delivered to the Registrar .
it hardly needs saying that if there is no [check] there will not be any auditors ' report to be sent to members , laid before a general meeting , or delivered to the registrar .

Stewardship accounting is , therefore , typically limited to the balance sheet showing the money collected by the stewards , the form in which that money is held , and an audit certificate vouching for the truth and fairness of the statement .
stewardship accounting is , therefore , typically limited to the balance sheet showing the money collected by the stewards , the form in which that money is held , and an [check] certificate vouching for the truth and fairness of the statement .

This could be demonstrated explicitly or via an audit report which was exception-based , i.e .
this could be demonstrated explicitly or via an [check] report which was exception-based , i.e .

Standard-setting for central government is almost entirely the responsibility of the Treasury , taking the Exchequer and Audit Department Act 1866 as the statutory basis .
standard-setting for central government is almost entirely the responsibility of the treasury , taking the exchequer and [check] department act 1866 as the statutory basis .

Although this subjectivity is not boundless , because of the audit function and accounting standards , nevertheless it can be used to distort accounting information rather than provide a ‘ truer ’ picture .
although this subjectivity is not boundless , because of the [check] function and accounting standards , nevertheless it can be used to distort accounting information rather than provide a ‘ truer ’ picture .

‘ publication of information relating to and the form , preparation keeping and certification of accounts ' . This power was exercised in the Accounts and Audit Regulations 1983 , which require that :
‘ publication of information relating to and the form , preparation keeping and certification of accounts ' . this power was exercised in the accounts and [check] regulations 1983 , which require that :

This will only be as good as the standards employed and the quality of the audit in detecting whether wasteful expenditure was incurred simply in order to meet budgets .
this will only be as good as the standards employed and the quality of the [check] in detecting whether wasteful expenditure was incurred simply in order to meet budgets .

Probably because of this , there are no professional guidelines and there is no requirement for audit .
probably because of this , there are no professional guidelines and there is no requirement for [check] .

Setting aside the important caveat about the reliability of these numbers in the absence of an audit , what conclusions can we draw about performance indicators such as these ?
setting aside the important caveat about the reliability of these numbers in the absence of an [check] , what conclusions can we draw about performance indicators such as these ?

Returning to the question of reliability of numbers such as these in the absence of audit , the Post Office has addressed this question and in its 1990/91 Report and Accounts , alongside its performance measures ( ‘ quality of service' of the Royal Mail letter service ) is the following :
returning to the question of reliability of numbers such as these in the absence of [check] , the post office has addressed this question and in its 1990/91 report and accounts , alongside its performance measures ( ‘ quality of service' of the royal mail letter service ) is the following :

Consequently , this is not an ‘ audit report ’ as Auditing Standards and Guidelines define one , but is instead an ‘ accountant 's report ’ .
consequently , this is not an ‘ [check] report ’ as auditing standards and guidelines define one , but is instead an ‘ accountant 's report ’ .

The nature of the external audit
the nature of the external [check]

‘ an audit is the independent examination of , and expression of an opinion on , the financial statements of an enterprise . ’
‘ an [check] is the independent examination of , and expression of an opinion on , the financial statements of an enterprise . ’

In this definition , ‘ enterprise ’ means any entity , whether profit-oriented or not , and ‘ audit ’ is not limited to circumstances requiring a ‘ true and fair view ’ opinion .
in this definition , ‘ enterprise ’ means any entity , whether profit-oriented or not , and ‘ [check] ’ is not limited to circumstances requiring a ‘ true and fair view ’ opinion .

This view of the statutory audit has other important consequences .
this view of the statutory [check] has other important consequences .

First , the most important characteristic of any audit , namely its independence , is defined according to the specific relationship involved .
first , the most important characteristic of any [check] , namely its independence , is defined according to the specific relationship involved .

Second , there is no recognition of the existence of internal audit .
second , there is no recognition of the existence of internal [check] .

Large PLCs do have internal audit departments .
large plcs do have internal [check] departments .

And , in practice , the external auditor will take account of this in carrying out the statutory audit .
and , in practice , the external auditor will take account of this in carrying out the statutory [check] .

Financial and Regularity Audit
financial and regularity [check]

Economy and Efficiency Audit
economy and efficiency [check]

Effectiveness Audit
effectiveness [check]

Comparing the commercial audit definition with this one , we can see that the Regularity Audit , the Economy and Efficiency Audit , and the Effectiveness Audit are clearly requirements over and above the attestation of financial statements by commercial auditors .
comparing the commercial [check] definition with this one , we can see that the regularity [check] , the economy and efficiency [check] , and the effectiveness [check] are clearly requirements over and above the attestation of financial statements by commercial auditors .

Indeed , the definition of a financial audit explicitly includes examination of systems of internal control whereas the commercial audit does not .
indeed , the definition of a financial [check] explicitly includes examination of systems of internal control whereas the commercial [check] does not .

Nevertheless , quite apart from making the wider role more explicit , the expanded scope audit has different implications .
nevertheless , quite apart from making the wider role more explicit , the expanded scope [check] has different implications .

For example , the effectiveness audit by its nature introduces political issues .
for example , the effectiveness [check] by its nature introduces political issues .

The necessary condition of audit independence has a different flavour in government .
the necessary condition of [check] independence has a different flavour in government .

The expanded scope audit has been recognized relatively recently .
the expanded scope [check] has been recognized relatively recently .

Traditionally , governmental audit has been concerned with the financial and regularity audit .
traditionally , governmental [check] has been concerned with the financial and regularity [check] .

The nature of internal audit
the nature of internal [check]

Internal audit is a large and significant part of the financial control of many organizations .
internal [check] is a large and significant part of the financial control of many organizations .

In central government as well as in the National Health Service there are many internal audit sections ; in local government all authorities are required by the Accounts and Audit Regulations 1983 to have internal audit departments .
in central government as well as in the national health service there are many internal [check] sections ; in local government all authorities are required by the accounts and [check] regulations 1983 to have internal [check] departments .

The Auditing Practices Committee ( Guidance for Internal Auditors , 1990 ) defines internal audit as follows .
the auditing practices committee ( guidance for internal auditors , 1990 ) defines internal [check] as follows .

There are two important aspects of this definition , in contrast to external audit .
there are two important aspects of this definition , in contrast to external [check] .

First , as essential as independence is to both , in the context of internal audit it is bound to have a different emphasis because internal auditors are officials of the audited organization .
first , as essential as independence is to both , in the context of internal [check] it is bound to have a different emphasis because internal auditors are officials of the audited organization .

The Guidance concentrates on the organizational status of internal audit and the objectivity of internal auditors in achieving the requisite independence .
the guidance concentrates on the organizational status of internal [check] and the objectivity of internal auditors in achieving the requisite independence .

On the former , it states that internal audit should be involved in the determination of its own priorities , in consultation with management , and the head of internal audit should accordingly have direct access , and freedom to report to all senior management .
on the former , it states that internal [check] should be involved in the determination of its own priorities , in consultation with management , and the head of internal [check] should accordingly have direct access , and freedom to report to all senior management .

The second important difference between this definition of internal audit and that of external audit is the concentration on reviewing the internal control system .
the second important difference between this definition of internal [check] and that of external [check] is the concentration on reviewing the internal control system .

All of the above gives an impression of being uncontroversial , as official standards tend to do , but the practice of internal audit is fraught with difficulties .
all of the above gives an impression of being uncontroversial , as official standards tend to do , but the practice of internal [check] is fraught with difficulties .

No doubt this is partly why the official definitions of internal audit stress that , while having an independence of mind , internal auditors report to management : ‘ whistle-blowing ’ must be internal ‘ whistle-blowing ’ .
no doubt this is partly why the official definitions of internal [check] stress that , while having an independence of mind , internal auditors report to management : ‘ whistle-blowing ’ must be internal ‘ whistle-blowing ’ .

The requirements for audit of the accounts of nationalized industries are typically found in the Act of nationalization or , if there has been significant reorganization of the industry since then , in the reorganizing Act .
the requirements for [check] of the accounts of nationalized industries are typically found in the act of nationalization or , if there has been significant reorganization of the industry since then , in the reorganizing act .

We can see , therefore , that auditing British Coal is stated in terms of the definition of audit given in the Explanatory Foreword to Auditing Standards and Guidelines .
we can see , therefore , that auditing british coal is stated in terms of the definition of [check] given in the explanatory foreword to auditing standards and guidelines .

We can conclude that the audit has said nothing about economy , efficiency or effectiveness .
we can conclude that the [check] has said nothing about economy , efficiency or effectiveness .

More demonstrably , however , there has in the past been evidence of some feeling in Parliament that the Comptroller and Auditor General should be given the power to audit all public money voted by Parliament , including that voted to nationalized industries .
more demonstrably , however , there has in the past been evidence of some feeling in parliament that the comptroller and auditor general should be given the power to [check] all public money voted by parliament , including that voted to nationalized industries .

Made up of the Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee , the Leader of the House of Commons and seven other members of the House ( who must not be ministers ) , its purpose is to oversee the National Audit Office , in approving the annual budget and appointing the auditor for the Office 's own accounts .
made up of the chairman of the public accounts committee , the leader of the house of commons and seven other members of the house ( who must not be ministers ) , its purpose is to oversee the national [check] office , in approving the annual budget and appointing the auditor for the office 's own accounts .

These subsections have been interpreted by the Public Accounts Committee ( 1980 , vol.1 , pp. x-xi ) to mean that the statutory audit consists of :
these subsections have been interpreted by the public accounts committee ( 1980 , vol.1 , pp. x-xi ) to mean that the statutory [check] consists of :

( a ) Financial audit
( a ) financial [check]

( b ) Regularity audit
( b ) regularity [check]

The audit certificate which is attached to the majority of the Appropriation Accounts says :
the [check] certificate which is attached to the majority of the appropriation accounts says :

In 1987 , the National Audit Office introduced its own auditing standards .
in 1987 , the national [check] office introduced its own auditing standards .

The auditor should obtain relevant and reliable audit evidence sufficient to enable him to draw reasonable conclusions therefrom .
the auditor should obtain relevant and reliable [check] evidence sufficient to enable him to draw reasonable conclusions therefrom .

The auditor should carry out such a review of the financial statements as is sufficient , in conjunction with the conclusions drawn from the other audit evidence obtained , to give him a reasonable basis for his opinion on the financial statements .
the auditor should carry out such a review of the financial statements as is sufficient , in conjunction with the conclusions drawn from the other [check] evidence obtained , to give him a reasonable basis for his opinion on the financial statements .

The Reporting Standard gives details of the audit certificate , including situations requiring qualifications .
the reporting standard gives details of the [check] certificate , including situations requiring qualifications .

the Treasury audited the accounts of the Exchequer and Audit Department ;
the treasury audited the accounts of the exchequer and [check] department ;

‘ To suggest that this Act [ the 1866 Act ] established a legislative type of audit would be a gross over-simplification .
‘ to suggest that this act [ the 1866 act ] established a legislative type of [check] would be a gross over-simplification .

What it actually did set up was an audit on behalf of both the legislative and the executive , under the detailed direction of the latter .
what it actually did set up was an [check] on behalf of both the legislative and the executive , under the detailed direction of the latter .

The Local Government Training Board publication The Leadership Audit ( 1987b ) recognises the importance of leadership for local government officials .
the local government training board publication the leadership [check] ( 1987b ) recognises the importance of leadership for local government officials .

The creation of the Audit Commission in 1982 has increased accountability .
the creation of the [check] commission in 1982 has increased accountability .

The National Audit Office scrutinises the accounts of government departments on behalf of Parliament and periodic audits of the National Health Service ( Perrin , 1988 ) .
the national [check] office scrutinises the accounts of government departments on behalf of parliament and periodic audits of the national health service ( perrin , 1988 ) .

Since October 1990 the Audit Commission 's area of work has extended to cover the National Health Service .
since october 1990 the [check] commission 's area of work has extended to cover the national health service .

In addition , the Audit Commission has , as mentioned above , promoted better financial management .
in addition , the [check] commission has , as mentioned above , promoted better financial management .

For example , a housing neighbourhood office manager may be responsible for budgets covering empty properties , rent arrears , maintenance , staff such as wardens , office expenses and income from garages ( Audit Commission , 1989a ) .
for example , a housing neighbourhood office manager may be responsible for budgets covering empty properties , rent arrears , maintenance , staff such as wardens , office expenses and income from garages ( [check] commission , 1989a ) .

These files are also designed to assist software audit in the event of system failures .
these files are also designed to assist software [check] in the event of system failures .

The effects of this shift in expenditure were analysed in detail by the government 's own auditors in an influential report in 1986 ( Audit Commission , 1986 ) , which identified the perverse incentives that such a system of funding created and criticized the organizational fragmentation and failure to match resources to need in community care .
the effects of this shift in expenditure were analysed in detail by the government 's own auditors in an influential report in 1986 ( [check] commission , 1986 ) , which identified the perverse incentives that such a system of funding created and criticized the organizational fragmentation and failure to match resources to need in community care .

Companies which choose to participate will have to fulfil a number of objectives which include drawing up an environmental policy ; carrying out an environmental review and audit ; issuing environmental statements for their sites ; and having their system accredited by an independent verifier .
companies which choose to participate will have to fulfil a number of objectives which include drawing up an environmental policy ; carrying out an environmental review and [check] ; issuing environmental statements for their sites ; and having their system accredited by an independent verifier .

Chris Law of Internal Audit , Regent 's House and Susan Grieve of Leamington Spa Branch were taken on a tour of the department , given a slap-up lunch and presented with a £250 cheque by Bob McInnes , Branch Banking 's Deputy Managing Director .
chris law of internal [check] , regent 's house and susan grieve of leamington spa branch were taken on a tour of the department , given a slap-up lunch and presented with a £250 cheque by bob mcinnes , branch banking 's deputy managing director .

The title was suggested by two Newsline readers — Chris Law of Internal Audit , Regent 's House , London and Susan Grieve of Coventry Branch — in our ‘ Name the unit ’ competition .
the title was suggested by two newsline readers — chris law of internal [check] , regent 's house , london and susan grieve of coventry branch — in our ‘ name the unit ’ competition .

Audit trio pave the way
[check] trio pave the way

‘ Manuals were given to staff and we then had to encourage them to work to these procedures in preparation for our own internal quality audit .
‘ manuals were given to staff and we then had to encourage them to work to these procedures in preparation for our own internal quality [check] .

It took around six months to get to the quality audit stage and we were then able to invite in the assessor .
it took around six months to get to the quality [check] stage and we were then able to invite in the assessor .

The system 's audit procedure also allows identification and control of problem areas in the design and communication process .
the system 's [check] procedure also allows identification and control of problem areas in the design and communication process .

Safety Audit : the safety audit procedures are under continuous review and improvements have been implemented .
safety [check] : the safety [check] procedures are under continuous review and improvements have been implemented .

Safety audit procedures will continue to be reviewed
safety [check] procedures will continue to be reviewed

Our independent non-executive directors have a particularly valuable role especially in relation to audit and remuneration matters .
our independent non-executive directors have a particularly valuable role especially in relation to [check] and remuneration matters .

every school and college should undertake an environmental audit of the curriculum , its grounds and buildings ;
every school and college should undertake an environmental [check] of the curriculum , its grounds and buildings ;

The new audit process now under development will cover every sector of the company , from top-level management systems to safety on the drill floor .
the new [check] process now under development will cover every sector of the company , from top-level management systems to safety on the drill floor .

We audit our production processes to ensure that we fulfil our environmental responsibilities .
we [check] our production processes to ensure that we fulfil our environmental responsibilities .

Implementation of these proposals would result in tens of thousands of industrial plants being required to carry out an annual audit on the environmental effects of their operations .
implementation of these proposals would result in tens of thousands of industrial plants being required to carry out an annual [check] on the environmental effects of their operations .

The report calls for a nationwide audit of endangered species and places to be followed by a nationwide conservation scheme .
the report calls for a nationwide [check] of endangered species and places to be followed by a nationwide conservation scheme .

Moreover , the audit certificate for the target 's published accounts is not the comfort it first seems .
moreover , the [check] certificate for the target 's published accounts is not the comfort it first seems .

If a file is not in its sling you need to be able to locate it , particularly if it is required for an audit .
if a file is not in its sling you need to be able to locate it , particularly if it is required for an [check] .

For external audits identify someone within your firm who can act as a contact point and be present throughout the audit .
for external audits identify someone within your firm who can act as a contact point and be present throughout the [check] .

( a ) the cost , which in respect of a ‘ full ’ audit in the strict sense was felt to be prohibitive ; and
( a ) the cost , which in respect of a ‘ full ’ [check] in the strict sense was felt to be prohibitive ; and

Records were needed for audit , disciplinary and precedent purposes , and to enable ministers to take responsibility for the work of their departments before parliament .
records were needed for [check] , disciplinary and precedent purposes , and to enable ministers to take responsibility for the work of their departments before parliament .

There are also the ubiquitous activities of the Audit Commission especially their growing requirements to establish performance indicators and publish the statistical results of these exercises .
there are also the ubiquitous activities of the [check] commission especially their growing requirements to establish performance indicators and publish the statistical results of these exercises .

These are issues that include the legal status , audit trails , proof of receipt , version control and provenance .
these are issues that include the legal status , [check] trails , proof of receipt , version control and provenance .

Here , records on all media may be subject to the scrutiny and approval of a regulatory body and have to be produced and retained as part of a validated system where dates and times , source and receipt , version control and audit of changes must be an integral part of the system and that system approved by the regulatory body .
here , records on all media may be subject to the scrutiny and approval of a regulatory body and have to be produced and retained as part of a validated system where dates and times , source and receipt , version control and [check] of changes must be an integral part of the system and that system approved by the regulatory body .

Such confusion could mean the introduction of over-complex audit practices by companies wishing to ensure that the court will accept the admissibility of their records .
such confusion could mean the introduction of over-complex [check] practices by companies wishing to ensure that the court will accept the admissibility of their records .

( 4 ) The board minutes of the company , or the minutes of internal committees ( such as health and safety committees and audit committees ) in larger companies may reveal particular problems that the target has faced in the past and which may recur or continue to have an impact .
( 4 ) the board minutes of the company , or the minutes of internal committees ( such as health and safety committees and [check] committees ) in larger companies may reveal particular problems that the target has faced in the past and which may recur or continue to have an impact .

These are landlord 's consent , survey and environmental audit .
these are landlord 's consent , survey and environmental [check] .

( 3 ) Environmental audit
( 3 ) environmental [check]

If an audit is to be undertaken , the vendor should agree the letter of instruction with the purchaser .
if an [check] is to be undertaken , the vendor should agree the letter of instruction with the purchaser .

There are also conflicting accounts of the terms of the audit .
there are also conflicting accounts of the terms of the [check] .

When you talked to Tom from Internal Audit , was it a successful talk ? When you replied to that memo from Joan , the pensions manager , was it a successful response ? When you reviewed your business plan , did you conclude that to date you had been successful ? If you failed on one or two counts ( and occasionally you will ) , what did you learn ? How can you be successful next time ?
when you talked to tom from internal [check] , was it a successful talk ? when you replied to that memo from joan , the pensions manager , was it a successful response ? when you reviewed your business plan , did you conclude that to date you had been successful ? if you failed on one or two counts ( and occasionally you will ) , what did you learn ? how can you be successful next time ?

Audit yourself
[check] yourself

So he does his own audit before the company audits him .
so he does his own [check] before the company audits him .

He will audit his management team .
he will [check] his management team .

But he 'll want to audit their strengths , their weaknesses .
but he 'll want to [check] their strengths , their weaknesses .

He gets the audit done to help his team and they know it , welcoming it .
he gets the [check] done to help his team and they know it , welcoming it .

And he 'll audit himself .
and he 'll [check] himself .

The Profitboss takes broad and positive view about audit .
the profitboss takes broad and positive view about [check] .

When he 's carried out his own thorough audit , he 'll be ready for the independent audit .
when he 's carried out his own thorough [check] , he 'll be ready for the independent [check] .

For him a good audit is an asset .
for him a good [check] is an asset .

Prepare an " audit " action plan
prepare an " [check] " action plan

Look at all the critical areas under your control and devise an audit procedure for them .
look at all the critical areas under your control and devise an [check] procedure for them .

For example , audit all areas of expense , all areas of material wastage , all stock levels .
for example , [check] all areas of expense , all areas of material wastage , all stock levels .

Audit your systems too , your people and your managers .
[check] your systems too , your people and your managers .

The Lower Exchequer , also called the Exchequer of Receipt — misleadingly so , since it paid money out as well — took in revenue from royal collectors and handed over receipts in the form of tallies , which could then be presented in the Upper Exchequer at the audit .
the lower exchequer , also called the exchequer of receipt — misleadingly so , since it paid money out as well — took in revenue from royal collectors and handed over receipts in the form of tallies , which could then be presented in the upper exchequer at the [check] .

The receipt of money and the audit of accounts were routine operations which the Exchequer conducted all the time without needing any instruction or authorization for doing so .
the receipt of money and the [check] of accounts were routine operations which the exchequer conducted all the time without needing any instruction or authorization for doing so .

Beneath the Treasurer , the Chancellor of the Exchequer came to exercise an effective supervision both of receipt and of audit .
beneath the treasurer , the chancellor of the exchequer came to exercise an effective supervision both of receipt and of [check] .

In the purchaser/provider situation , they may be heavily involved in audit and standard setting .
in the purchaser/provider situation , they may be heavily involved in [check] and standard setting .

Evaluation of current practice , review of equipment ( including an audit of all ward refrigerator temperatures ) and planning of training in conjunction with the personnel department constituted the initial stage of the review process at Forth Valley .
evaluation of current practice , review of equipment ( including an [check] of all ward refrigerator temperatures ) and planning of training in conjunction with the personnel department constituted the initial stage of the review process at forth valley .

Payslips are produced and sent to you together with a payroll report for management information and audit purposes .
payslips are produced and sent to you together with a payroll report for management information and [check] purposes .

Cashiers ' keys which identify the cashier or shift which is printed on the folios ( bills ) vouchers and audit journals .
cashiers ' keys which identify the cashier or shift which is printed on the folios ( bills ) vouchers and [check] journals .

This information is printed on the audit journal but only the total package prints on the guest 's folio .
this information is printed on the [check] journal but only the total package prints on the guest 's folio .

Audit roll control
[check] roll control

The ‘ add description to a report ’ option should be used to track the report and provide an audit trail .
the ‘ add description to a report ’ option should be used to track the report and provide an [check] trail .

The information obtained was being used not only for patient care but also for management purposes such as audit , planning services , resource management , and monitoring contracts .
the information obtained was being used not only for patient care but also for management purposes such as [check] , planning services , resource management , and monitoring contracts .

What audit trail provisions are available for access or changes to the text ?
what [check] trail provisions are available for access or changes to the text ?

Never has so much been expected of general medical practitioners and practice staff ; general practitioners are being pressed to do audit , participate in commissioning , become fundholders , do research , improve consumer responsiveness , and develop new skills in the transfer of services from secondary to primary care and development of community care .
never has so much been expected of general medical practitioners and practice staff ; general practitioners are being pressed to do [check] , participate in commissioning , become fundholders , do research , improve consumer responsiveness , and develop new skills in the transfer of services from secondary to primary care and development of community care .

Pressure on consultants to work faster , participate in audit and management , and accept financial responsibility for their clinical work , coupled with the reduction in junior doctors ' hours , were considered to militate against educational developments .
pressure on consultants to work faster , participate in [check] and management , and accept financial responsibility for their clinical work , coupled with the reduction in junior doctors ' hours , were considered to militate against educational developments .

This paper describes an audit of general practitioner referrals for radiography in one health district in England before and after the introduction of the Royal College of Radiologists ' booklet Making the Best Use of a Department of Radiology .
this paper describes an [check] of general practitioner referrals for radiography in one health district in england before and after the introduction of the royal college of radiologists ' booklet making the best use of a department of radiology .

An audit of the effect of these guidelines on hospital referral practice has been described .
an [check] of the effect of these guidelines on hospital referral practice has been described .

Screening process — communication with parents , blood collection , records ( tests done , results received ) , audit of timing , coverage
screening process — communication with parents , blood collection , records ( tests done , results received ) , [check] of timing , coverage

Few people are full time medical teachers , and service requirements , management responsibilities , audit , and research all compete with teaching for staff time .
few people are full time medical teachers , and service requirements , management responsibilities , [check] , and research all compete with teaching for staff time .

, supply , the appropriation , receipt , custody , issue or audit of accounts of public money , the raising or guarantee of any loan or the repayment thereof , or subordinate matters incidental to any of the above topics .
, supply , the appropriation , receipt , custody , issue or [check] of accounts of public money , the raising or guarantee of any loan or the repayment thereof , or subordinate matters incidental to any of the above topics .

The Comptroller and Auditor General , appointed by the Crown on a resolution of the House of Commons by virtue of section 1 ( 1 ) of the National Audit Act 1983 has two major functions : ( a ) to ensure that all money paid out of the government accounts has been properly authorised and is properly applied ; and ( b ) to examine the accounts of the , various government departments .
the comptroller and auditor general , appointed by the crown on a resolution of the house of commons by virtue of section 1 ( 1 ) of the national [check] act 1983 has two major functions : ( a ) to ensure that all money paid out of the government accounts has been properly authorised and is properly applied ; and ( b ) to examine the accounts of the , various government departments .

Under the Audit Act 1983 this is more than a traditional audit .
under the [check] act 1983 this is more than a traditional [check] .

The National Audit Office , of which he is head , is also responsible for auditing the accounts of a wide range of bodies dependent on funds from central government such as the National Health Service and the Universities .
the national [check] office , of which he is head , is also responsible for auditing the accounts of a wide range of bodies dependent on funds from central government such as the national health service and the universities .

Social audit
social [check]

The communications audit
the communications [check]

For example : — a distribution manager might debrief a distribution simulation , — a planner might participate in a public enquiry on land development , — a trade unionist might participate in a health and safety audit in a science laboratory .
for example : — a distribution manager might debrief a distribution simulation , — a planner might participate in a public enquiry on land development , — a trade unionist might participate in a health and safety [check] in a science laboratory .

In 1985 , the Controller of the Audit Commission estimated that each year ‘ at least £3 billion worth of goods and services is purchased by competitive tendering ’ ( Banham 1985 : 12 ) .
in 1985 , the controller of the [check] commission estimated that each year ‘ at least £3 billion worth of goods and services is purchased by competitive tendering ’ ( banham 1985 : 12 ) .

There is also a short section on the special role of the audit in local government .
there is also a short section on the special role of the [check] in local government .

The accounts of all local authorities are subject to annual external audit .
the accounts of all local authorities are subject to annual external [check] .

Until 1983 the District Audit Service carried out most of this work in England and Wales with the balance being audited by commercial auditors approved by the Secretary of State for the Environment .
until 1983 the district [check] service carried out most of this work in england and wales with the balance being audited by commercial auditors approved by the secretary of state for the environment .

From 1983 an Audit Commission absorbed the District Audit Service .
from 1983 an [check] commission absorbed the district [check] service .

The requirements for local authority audit are wider than those appropriate for commercial accounts .
the requirements for local authority [check] are wider than those appropriate for commercial accounts .

The code of practice for the former District Audit Service referred to four additional responsibilities .
the code of practice for the former district [check] service referred to four additional responsibilities .

The Audit Commission originated in these concerns of the Layfield Committee , but its role has been widened to encompass general questions relating to efficiency in local government .
the [check] commission originated in these concerns of the layfield committee , but its role has been widened to encompass general questions relating to efficiency in local government .

The Audit Commission will have resources to do more worth on value for money ; 2 .
the [check] commission will have resources to do more worth on value for money ; 2 .

In the future they can ask the Audit Commission to investigate the effects ; 4 .
in the future they can ask the [check] commission to investigate the effects ; 4 .

In these respects and in matters concerning central-local government relations , the Audit Commission has found itself even more involved than its predecessors in matters of political controversy ( McSweeney 1988 ; Gyford 1989 ) .
in these respects and in matters concerning central-local government relations , the [check] commission has found itself even more involved than its predecessors in matters of political controversy ( mcsweeney 1988 ; gyford 1989 ) .

Thus it is currently carrying out an environmental audit which will guide its policies in future on such matters as the use of energy , water purification , and fertilisers .
thus it is currently carrying out an environmental [check] which will guide its policies in future on such matters as the use of energy , water purification , and fertilisers .

Her partners agreed to this unorthodox therapy on condition that it was done in her spare time and she produced an audit after a year .
her partners agreed to this unorthodox therapy on condition that it was done in her spare time and she produced an [check] after a year .

So it has been subject to recent rigorous scrutiny by a series of government reports : the Audit Commission ( 1986 ) , the House of Commons Social Services Committee Report ( 1985 ) and the Griffiths Report ( 1986 ) which resulted in the 1989 White paper Caring for People .
so it has been subject to recent rigorous scrutiny by a series of government reports : the [check] commission ( 1986 ) , the house of commons social services committee report ( 1985 ) and the griffiths report ( 1986 ) which resulted in the 1989 white paper caring for people .

The Audit Commission review which was published in 1986 identified five main obstacles which they thought accounted for the slow and fragmented way that community care had developed in England and Wales . These were :
the [check] commission review which was published in 1986 identified five main obstacles which they thought accounted for the slow and fragmented way that community care had developed in england and wales . these were :

This review may be seen as a follow up to the report by the Audit Commission ( 1986 ) and concern about the spiralling cost of social security payments to those in private residential/nursing home care noted above .
this review may be seen as a follow up to the report by the [check] commission ( 1986 ) and concern about the spiralling cost of social security payments to those in private residential/nursing home care noted above .

The expanding role of general practitioners , along with the 1990 contract , the establishment of family health services authorities , and the introduction of medical audit have increased accountability , but general practitioners have been demotivated by the imposition of a contract that increased their administrative burden without clear evidence of clinical benefit .
the expanding role of general practitioners , along with the 1990 contract , the establishment of family health services authorities , and the introduction of medical [check] have increased accountability , but general practitioners have been demotivated by the imposition of a contract that increased their administrative burden without clear evidence of clinical benefit .

Self regulation through medical audit , postgraduate education , and possibly professional reaccreditation are only a partial answer because they give no input to consumer or management .
self regulation through medical [check] , postgraduate education , and possibly professional reaccreditation are only a partial answer because they give no input to consumer or management .

Primary care contracts will be monitored by the purchasing authority and could include medical audit and reaccreditation in the future .
primary care contracts will be monitored by the purchasing authority and could include medical [check] and reaccreditation in the future .

The authority will need to involve local consultants and general practitioners from outside the district in audit and reaccreditation .
the authority will need to involve local consultants and general practitioners from outside the district in [check] and reaccreditation .

Medical audit
medical [check]

Professional audit , established in medical practice and proposed for pharmacists , is invaluable for prescribing analysis and offers the opportunity to set treatment goals , measure success in achieving them , and re-evaluate the process .
professional [check] , established in medical practice and proposed for pharmacists , is invaluable for prescribing analysis and offers the opportunity to set treatment goals , measure success in achieving them , and re-evaluate the process .

Practice indicators from prescribing analysis and cost data can illumine audit and highlight discussion areas ( box ) .
practice indicators from prescribing analysis and cost data can illumine [check] and highlight discussion areas ( box ) .

Some indicators useful for audit of prescribing in general practice
some indicators useful for [check] of prescribing in general practice

The United Kingdom has a unique database of prescribing from which practice indicators and audit of prescribing can be derived
the united kingdom has a unique database of prescribing from which practice indicators and [check] of prescribing can be derived

The process should start with an audit of existing resources and services within each community , together with an analysis of needs .
the process should start with an [check] of existing resources and services within each community , together with an analysis of needs .

service audit
service [check]

The National Audit Office said the taxpayer would have to pay £1.6 billion to decommission our plant . Is this true ?
the national [check] office said the taxpayer would have to pay £1.6 billion to decommission our plant . is this true ?

In particular , a framework for the future devolution of quality assurance to centres is suggested , based on the concept of a ‘ quality audit ’ by which a centre 's readiness for devolution would be assessed .
in particular , a framework for the future devolution of quality assurance to centres is suggested , based on the concept of a ‘ quality [check] ’ by which a centre 's readiness for devolution would be assessed .

The Quality Audit
the quality [check]

The Quality Audit 's main purpose is to look in detail at the centre 's internal quality assurance system .
the quality [check] 's main purpose is to look in detail at the centre 's internal quality assurance system .

The scope of the audit will depend on how much devolved responsibility the centre has and is seeking .
the scope of the [check] will depend on how much devolved responsibility the centre has and is seeking .

However , the company concerned must note our interest on the account before a copy is taken and we must reserve our right to audit the original invoices at any time .
however , the company concerned must note our interest on the account before a copy is taken and we must reserve our right to [check] the original invoices at any time .

Audit of claim files has shown that there is a need for special checking before payments are authorised .
[check] of claim files has shown that there is a need for special checking before payments are authorised .

The five drafts cover : objective and general principles governing an audit of financial statements , overall review of financial statements , considering the work of internal audit , the relationship between principal auditors and other auditors , and using the work of an expert .
the five drafts cover : objective and general principles governing an [check] of financial statements , overall review of financial statements , considering the work of internal [check] , the relationship between principal auditors and other auditors , and using the work of an expert .

Technical Bulletin covers a wide variety of subjects , concentrating mainly on audit , accounting and tax .
technical bulletin covers a wide variety of subjects , concentrating mainly on [check] , accounting and tax .

The Controller of Audit recently became aware that there is some confusion as to whether debt restructuring is ultra vires Scottish local authorities .
the controller of [check] recently became aware that there is some confusion as to whether debt restructuring is ultra vires scottish local authorities .

Several schools mentioned that they were presently involved in carrying out an audit of health education to monitor provision and delivery .
several schools mentioned that they were presently involved in carrying out an [check] of health education to monitor provision and delivery .

The Society appointment new professional auditors , Touche Ross & Co. from 9 July 1992 , to cover all the audit requirements of the Society 's Accounts .
the society appointment new professional auditors , touche ross & co. from 9 july 1992 , to cover all the [check] requirements of the society 's accounts .

The discussion document , which focuses on the audit of listed companies , is the outcome of a major research project by the committee .
the discussion document , which focuses on the [check] of listed companies , is the outcome of a major research project by the committee .

Within that framework the committee believes that it is not clear , firstly , whether external auditors are independent of the directors of the companies they audit , secondly , whether external auditors should be accountable to a wide range of stakeholders or only to primary stakeholders , and , thirdly , for what and to whom external auditors are financially liable if they fail in any of their duties .
within that framework the committee believes that it is not clear , firstly , whether external auditors are independent of the directors of the companies they [check] , secondly , whether external auditors should be accountable to a wide range of stakeholders or only to primary stakeholders , and , thirdly , for what and to whom external auditors are financially liable if they fail in any of their duties .

To provide a board of directors with reassurances that its management information systems and internal control systems are sufficiently reliable and relevant each company should establish and maintain a strong internal audit function under the direction of a chief internal auditor .
to provide a board of directors with reassurances that its management information systems and internal control systems are sufficiently reliable and relevant each company should establish and maintain a strong internal [check] function under the direction of a chief internal auditor .

If each listed company has a strong team of internal auditors much of the detailed work in today 's external audit will have been done by them .
if each listed company has a strong team of internal auditors much of the detailed work in today 's external [check] will have been done by them .

To ensure that the external assessors are independent of , and are clearly seen as being independent of , the directors of the companies they assess , an audit review panel should take responsibility for the appointment , and the termination of the appointment , of the external assessors .
to ensure that the external assessors are independent of , and are clearly seen as being independent of , the directors of the companies they assess , an [check] review panel should take responsibility for the appointment , and the termination of the appointment , of the external assessors .

The audit review panel would be completely independent of the directors and would have responsibility for the supervision of the assessment process on behalf of the shareholders and be responsive to the needs of other stakeholders .
the [check] review panel would be completely independent of the directors and would have responsibility for the supervision of the assessment process on behalf of the shareholders and be responsive to the needs of other stakeholders .

The essential point was that , in those major companies with a active internal audit function , it already had enough on its plate .
the essential point was that , in those major companies with a active internal [check] function , it already had enough on its plate .

‘ The scope of their work is approved by the audit committee and covers value for money , audit and many other functions .
‘ the scope of their work is approved by the [check] committee and covers value for money , [check] and many other functions .

Nevertheless , some baulked at the idea of having to take on what was perceived as a statutory audit role .
nevertheless , some baulked at the idea of having to take on what was perceived as a statutory [check] role .

‘ From a practical point of view , they are still dependent on their company for career progression and can not have the independence an external auditor would have nor would they necessarily have the technical expertise if they conducted a statutory audit only once a year .
‘ from a practical point of view , they are still dependent on their company for career progression and can not have the independence an external auditor would have nor would they necessarily have the technical expertise if they conducted a statutory [check] only once a year .

Nevertheless , in the view of , finance director of Caledonian Bank , ‘ the cost of an internal audit function to a smaller company would be horrific ’ .
nevertheless , in the view of , finance director of caledonian bank , ‘ the cost of an internal [check] function to a smaller company would be horrific ’ .

‘ If you consider that out of the 1,800 listed companies the top 200 account for 85 per cent of the equity market by market capital , and that once you get to the next 100 companies like ourselves they already have comparatively few qualified people in the finance function , the addition of equally qualified internal audit people looks like overkill .
‘ if you consider that out of the 1,800 listed companies the top 200 account for 85 per cent of the equity market by market capital , and that once you get to the next 100 companies like ourselves they already have comparatively few qualified people in the finance function , the addition of equally qualified internal [check] people looks like overkill .

conceded 's point that whatever savings in audit fees might be made by bringing the detailed work in-house would probably be exceeded by increased overall cost .
conceded 's point that whatever savings in [check] fees might be made by bringing the detailed work in-house would probably be exceeded by increased overall cost .

The reservations were , however , as nothing compare with those about the proposal for an audit review panel .
the reservations were , however , as nothing compare with those about the proposal for an [check] review panel .

All questioned how its role could add to that newly reaffirmed by Cadbury of non-executive directors on audit committees , and who would be found to sit on it .
all questioned how its role could add to that newly reaffirmed by cadbury of non-executive directors on [check] committees , and who would be found to sit on it .

Consequently the committee believes that non-executive directors will not be perceived by the public as being independent of the executive directors , hence the need for the audit review panel .
consequently the committee believes that non-executive directors will not be perceived by the public as being independent of the executive directors , hence the need for the [check] review panel .

Meanwhile , however , its independence would be instrumental in addressing another aspect of independence which some felt the study quickly passed over — that of audit from other services provided by the same accounting firm .
meanwhile , however , its independence would be instrumental in addressing another aspect of independence which some felt the study quickly passed over — that of [check] from other services provided by the same accounting firm .

‘ But before that happened , it would have to get the permission of the panel which would have to consider very carefully if that affected the independence of the audit .
‘ but before that happened , it would have to get the permission of the panel which would have to consider very carefully if that affected the independence of the [check] .

In his book , Operational Review , Ken Impey , former head of internal audit at Reed International , sets out the typical broad headings under which an organisation could classify its different risks : ‘ disastrous ’ ( threatening damage which it could not expect to survive ) , ‘ seriously damaging ’ ( materially weakening it but from which it could expect to recover ) and ‘ unlikely to be material ’ .
in his book , operational review , ken impey , former head of internal [check] at reed international , sets out the typical broad headings under which an organisation could classify its different risks : ‘ disastrous ’ ( threatening damage which it could not expect to survive ) , ‘ seriously damaging ’ ( materially weakening it but from which it could expect to recover ) and ‘ unlikely to be material ’ .

The initial plan for development of the client care programme was in three stages : firstly 19 in-depth interviews were conducted with representatives drawn from a broad spectrum of Ernst & Young 's audit , tax and consulting client base spread through PLCs , owner-managed businesses and the public sector .
the initial plan for development of the client care programme was in three stages : firstly 19 in-depth interviews were conducted with representatives drawn from a broad spectrum of ernst & young 's [check] , tax and consulting client base spread through plcs , owner-managed businesses and the public sector .

Following this initial research , a questionnaire was designed for each of the core services of audit and tax which was sent to either the chief executive or finance director of 100 client companies .
following this initial research , a questionnaire was designed for each of the core services of [check] and tax which was sent to either the chief executive or finance director of 100 client companies .

Principal auditors will have to consider the professional competence of other auditors used during an audit , under one of the second tranche of audit standard revisions issued for public comment by the Auditing Practices Board .
principal auditors will have to consider the professional competence of other auditors used during an [check] , under one of the second tranche of [check] standard revisions issued for public comment by the auditing practices board .

Views were being sought by 30 July on a proposed change in the 1985 Companies Act to exempt from disclosure in client company accounts payments for non-audit services made to companies which have become associates of an audit firm solely because it has gained voting rights in them in an insolvency appointment .
views were being sought by 30 july on a proposed change in the 1985 companies act to exempt from disclosure in client company accounts payments for non-audit services made to companies which have become associates of an [check] firm solely because it has gained voting rights in them in an insolvency appointment .

The Government feels that the disclosure regulations , which came into force in October 1991 , place too onerous a task on auditing firms and clients in monitoring payments to associates which at the same time are unlikely to impair the independence and integrity of the audit .
the government feels that the disclosure regulations , which came into force in october 1991 , place too onerous a task on auditing firms and clients in monitoring payments to associates which at the same time are unlikely to impair the independence and integrity of the [check] .

Audit forms with insolvency practices can acquire numerous associates as currently defined because in an insolvency appointment they are entitled to control 20 per cent or more of a company 's voting rights .
[check] forms with insolvency practices can acquire numerous associates as currently defined because in an insolvency appointment they are entitled to control 20 per cent or more of a company 's voting rights .

‘ Everything is charged to the card , providing an audit trail for the businesses ’ financial and cost controllers and supplying management information , which shows whether or not the company is using its resources efficiently and staying within its budget .
‘ everything is charged to the card , providing an [check] trail for the businesses ’ financial and cost controllers and supplying management information , which shows whether or not the company is using its resources efficiently and staying within its budget .

a greater degree of uniformity in the topics covered by audit handbooks would appear to be desirable .
a greater degree of uniformity in the topics covered by [check] handbooks would appear to be desirable .

there may be scope for closer integration of departmental reviews and audit programmes , in respect of objectives and results , and for more formal follow-up procedures .
there may be scope for closer integration of departmental reviews and [check] programmes , in respect of objectives and results , and for more formal follow-up procedures .

For all this many professions and other service providers still cast their eyes enviously at accountants and the apparent ease with which they can offer additional services to clients , thanks to the automatic access granted by audit .
for all this many professions and other service providers still cast their eyes enviously at accountants and the apparent ease with which they can offer additional services to clients , thanks to the automatic access granted by [check] .

Meanwhile , however , another career strand had become woven in back at McKinseys where , he said , he had done a number of health service assignments with John Banham ( the future first head of the English Audit Commission before he became director of the Confederation of British Industry ) .
meanwhile , however , another career strand had become woven in back at mckinseys where , he said , he had done a number of health service assignments with john banham ( the future first head of the english [check] commission before he became director of the confederation of british industry ) .

One method for a company to identify the sources of stress is by having a ‘ stress audit ’ , which is a yearly check on ten to 20 per cent of the workforce , using questionnaires together with group and on-to-one interviews , on how they are doing and what problems they have had .
one method for a company to identify the sources of stress is by having a ‘ stress [check] ’ , which is a yearly check on ten to 20 per cent of the workforce , using questionnaires together with group and on-to-one interviews , on how they are doing and what problems they have had .

The solution would be a corollary to what lawyers see as the accountants ' distinct advantage of a more continuous and broader based role through the company audit .
the solution would be a corollary to what lawyers see as the accountants ' distinct advantage of a more continuous and broader based role through the company [check] .

deals with the due diligence work on contingent contracts and claims in corporate fund-raising and audit .
deals with the due diligence work on contingent contracts and claims in corporate fund-raising and [check] .

‘ The cynics are bound to say that the solicitor would have to recover the time spent on an apparently free comprehensive audit by undertaking some recommendations , ’ said .
‘ the cynics are bound to say that the solicitor would have to recover the time spent on an apparently free comprehensive [check] by undertaking some recommendations , ’ said .

‘ What we 're not doing is offering the client an audit on a regular basis , ’ said , ‘ although whether it will form the catalyst for more regular contact is another matter .
‘ what we 're not doing is offering the client an [check] on a regular basis , ’ said , ‘ although whether it will form the catalyst for more regular contact is another matter .

Ken Houston reports on the rise of the property audit .
ken houston reports on the rise of the property [check] .

The ‘ property audit ’ is not a new term but with the slowdown on both lettings and investment changes it is becoming a more prominent feature of the industry .
the ‘ property [check] ’ is not a new term but with the slowdown on both lettings and investment changes it is becoming a more prominent feature of the industry .

Yet it is not a case of chartered surveyors and suchlike touting for audit and similar instructions to fill a gap while the market is slow .
yet it is not a case of chartered surveyors and suchlike touting for [check] and similar instructions to fill a gap while the market is slow .

The main forms of property audit
the main forms of property [check]

Space audit — the assessment of a client 's existing premises to define their long-term space requirements .
space [check] — the assessment of a client 's existing premises to define their long-term space requirements .

Building and services audit — a detailed building structure/fabric layout and services appraisal which can be undertaken for purchasers , owner occupiers and tenants .
building and services [check] — a detailed building structure/fabric layout and services appraisal which can be undertaken for purchasers , owner occupiers and tenants .

This type of audit is more commonly referred to as a ‘ structural survey report ’ or ‘ building inspection report ’ .
this type of [check] is more commonly referred to as a ‘ structural survey report ’ or ‘ building inspection report ’ .

Environmental audit
environmental [check]

General property audit — collates information on a building or property portfolio in order to establish a long-term strategic plan .
general property [check] — collates information on a building or property portfolio in order to establish a long-term strategic plan .

So how does a company in this position go about obtaining a property audit ?
so how does a company in this position go about obtaining a property [check] ?

Chief executive has , at various times , made what he sees is the case for the property audit to be carried out by a development company rather than a surveying or accountancy practice , claiming that the former can provide the ‘ multidisciplinary package ’ .
chief executive has , at various times , made what he sees is the case for the property [check] to be carried out by a development company rather than a surveying or accountancy practice , claiming that the former can provide the ‘ multidisciplinary package ’ .

And obviously not one to hide the light of his firm — or the cause of the chartered surveyor — under a bushel with regard to the property audit , he said : ‘ We see this as further endorsement of the quality and range of services which we are equipped to offer both the private and public sectors . ’
and obviously not one to hide the light of his firm — or the cause of the chartered surveyor — under a bushel with regard to the property [check] , he said : ‘ we see this as further endorsement of the quality and range of services which we are equipped to offer both the private and public sectors . ’

said there had probably never been a better time than now for a private company or public body to carry out a property audit .
said there had probably never been a better time than now for a private company or public body to carry out a property [check] .

In addition to the audit of a single building or a whole portfolio of buildings there has also been an increase in demand for the ‘ space audit ’ , usually from office tenants .
in addition to the [check] of a single building or a whole portfolio of buildings there has also been an increase in demand for the ‘ space [check] ’ , usually from office tenants .

The latter will include the fact that the report complies with auditing standards and , where it departs from these , the reasons ; the steps taken in the audit process ; and that it was planned and performed ‘ so as to obtain reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error ’ .
the latter will include the fact that the report complies with auditing standards and , where it departs from these , the reasons ; the steps taken in the [check] process ; and that it was planned and performed ‘ so as to obtain reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error ’ .

Low level set for audit abolition
low level set for [check] abolition

• Botley Park Hotel and Country Club , near Southampton , Hampshire : undertook environmental audit in conjunction with local authority and , in 1991 , issued policy statement recognising environmental responsibility and pledging long-term commitment .
• botley park hotel and country club , near southampton , hampshire : undertook environmental [check] in conjunction with local authority and , in 1991 , issued policy statement recognising environmental responsibility and pledging long-term commitment .

Setting customer service objectives and measuring performance through ‘ mystery shoppers ’ or other audit means and feeding back the results .
setting customer service objectives and measuring performance through ‘ mystery shoppers ’ or other [check] means and feeding back the results .

Internal Audit ( timing subject to review )
internal [check] ( timing subject to review )

As you may be aware , the Lothian Community Care Plan ( pp 53–56 ) includes a proposal to set criteria to form the basis of a quality audit of transport services provided by statutory voluntary and commercial organisations , which it is hoped will lead to the establishment of quality standards in the future .
as you may be aware , the lothian community care plan ( pp 53–56 ) includes a proposal to set criteria to form the basis of a quality [check] of transport services provided by statutory voluntary and commercial organisations , which it is hoped will lead to the establishment of quality standards in the future .

The enclosed paper is an initial attempt to list those aspects of transport services which might be included in such an audit , in order to begin progress in this area .
the enclosed paper is an initial attempt to list those aspects of transport services which might be included in such an [check] , in order to begin progress in this area .

The effective land supply at Audit 10 ( 18,963 ) exceeds the Structure Plan requirement in the period 1990 to 1995 of 3000 + 4 × 2500 = 13000 .
the effective land supply at [check] 10 ( 18,963 ) exceeds the structure plan requirement in the period 1990 to 1995 of 3000 + 4 × 2500 = 13000 .

It should be noted that the effective land supply at Audit 10 excluded the potential from further development in the longer term in accordance with Livingston Development Corporation 's private sector programme .
it should be noted that the effective land supply at [check] 10 excluded the potential from further development in the longer term in accordance with livingston development corporation 's private sector programme .

The Regional Council 's position is as described in paras 85–88 of its Written Submission . The impact of the likely ( Audit 12 ) adjusted programming of the Audit 10 sites in the catchment of Liberton High School and Liberton Primary School , together with :
the regional council 's position is as described in paras 85–88 of its written submission . the impact of the likely ( [check] 12 ) adjusted programming of the [check] 10 sites in the catchment of liberton high school and liberton primary school , together with :

However it should be noted that for audit purposes staff will be moved on a regular basis both within each section and between the 2 sections .
however it should be noted that for [check] purposes staff will be moved on a regular basis both within each section and between the 2 sections .

The audit charge in the Memorial Fund Accounts would be corrected in future .
the [check] charge in the memorial fund accounts would be corrected in future .

Physiological scoring systems and audit
physiological scoring systems and [check]

Many articles have appeared which describe potentially useful clinical applications of gastric emptying tests but to discover the clinical value of these tests a comprehensive audit of the service is required .
many articles have appeared which describe potentially useful clinical applications of gastric emptying tests but to discover the clinical value of these tests a comprehensive [check] of the service is required .

Answer guide : Legal status , membership of company , dividends v. drawings , limited liability , audit , filing of accounts , etc .
answer guide : legal status , membership of company , dividends v. drawings , limited liability , [check] , filing of accounts , etc .

Answer guide : one or more owners ’ accounts for proprietorship , partnership , current and capital accounts , company reports governed by statute and subject to accounting standards and audit .
answer guide : one or more owners ’ accounts for proprietorship , partnership , current and capital accounts , company reports governed by statute and subject to accounting standards and [check] .

Nor is there audit of police surgeon activities , apart from the occasional case that comes to public scrutiny at Coroner 's inquests or the Crown Courts .
nor is there [check] of police surgeon activities , apart from the occasional case that comes to public scrutiny at coroner 's inquests or the crown courts .

3 Audit
3 [check]

This chapter explains the nature and purpose of an audit , outlines the main features of an audit report , compares and contrasts internal and external auditing and describes a particular type of audit called a contract audit .
this chapter explains the nature and purpose of an [check] , outlines the main features of an [check] report , compares and contrasts internal and external auditing and describes a particular type of [check] called a contract [check] .

It should be noted that this definition covers the audit of any enterprise , not just that of a limited company .
it should be noted that this definition covers the [check] of any enterprise , not just that of a limited company .

There are three main types of audit .
there are three main types of [check] .

This is known as an external audit .
this is known as an external [check] .

An audit may also take the form of an investigation of the internal systems of control ( carried out by internal auditors , who are employed by an organization ) .
an [check] may also take the form of an investigation of the internal systems of control ( carried out by internal auditors , who are employed by an organization ) .

This is known as an internal audit .
this is known as an internal [check] .

The third type of audit is a particular kind of investigation , such as a contract audit , which is performed by specialist auditors and consultants .
the third type of [check] is a particular kind of investigation , such as a contract [check] , which is performed by specialist auditors and consultants .

The first objective of a company audit is to express an expert and independent opinion on the truth and fairness of information contained in the balance sheet and the profit and loss account : see section 236 of the Companies Act 1985 .
the first objective of a company [check] is to express an expert and independent opinion on the truth and fairness of information contained in the balance sheet and the profit and loss account : see section 236 of the companies act 1985 .

The bases and policies used by the audit should be generally acceptable both to the accountancy profession and to the business community .
the bases and policies used by the [check] should be generally acceptable both to the accountancy profession and to the business community .

Audit objectives
[check] objectives

The second main objective of an audit is to ascertain and evaluate the reliability of the accounting systems used as the basis for preparation of the financial statements .
the second main objective of an [check] is to ascertain and evaluate the reliability of the accounting systems used as the basis for preparation of the financial statements .

It should be noted that an audit report is an opinion based on an independent examination of available evidence .
it should be noted that an [check] report is an opinion based on an independent examination of available evidence .

Audit report
[check] report

In addition to the statutory requirements , the form and content of an audit report is governed by requirements laid down in auditing standards .
in addition to the statutory requirements , the form and content of an [check] report is governed by requirements laid down in auditing standards .

The different categories of audit report are seed in Table 3.1 .
the different categories of [check] report are seed in table 3.1 .

In this connection an external auditor will wish to consider what reliance should be placed on an internal audit .
in this connection an external auditor will wish to consider what reliance should be placed on an internal [check] .

In large organizations it has become common practice for audit committees , consisting of representatives of senior management , the internal audit department and external auditors , to meet .
in large organizations it has become common practice for [check] committees , consisting of representatives of senior management , the internal [check] department and external auditors , to meet .

Audit committee meetings enable internal and external auditors to discuss their findings with senior management and provide the latter with an opportunity to express their concerns to the auditors .
[check] committee meetings enable internal and external auditors to discuss their findings with senior management and provide the latter with an opportunity to express their concerns to the auditors .

Contract audit
contract [check]

The objectives of a contract audit are determined by the nature and circumstances of a particular contract . In general terms , the objectives will be to evaluate the adequacy of systems to control time , cost and quality
the objectives of a contract [check] are determined by the nature and circumstances of a particular contract . in general terms , the objectives will be to evaluate the adequacy of systems to control time , cost and quality

Objectives of contract audit
objectives of contract [check]

An approach to a contract audit is represented in the flow-chart in Fig .
an approach to a contract [check] is represented in the flow-chart in fig .

Although tests of details are not always necessary , they are needed for an external audit , when evidence of financial values is required and when weaknesses have been exposed during systems evaluation and compliance testing .
although tests of details are not always necessary , they are needed for an external [check] , when evidence of financial values is required and when weaknesses have been exposed during systems evaluation and compliance testing .

The latter purpose would not feature in an audit of a public sector project .
the latter purpose would not feature in an [check] of a public sector project .

It should be apparent from the brief description given that a contract audit is capable of providing a means for improving the management and control of a contract .
it should be apparent from the brief description given that a contract [check] is capable of providing a means for improving the management and control of a contract .

In this respect it could feature as an aspect of the internal audit of a company .
in this respect it could feature as an aspect of the internal [check] of a company .

Alternatively , if used as part of the external audit process , a contract audit may demonstrate to one party that the contract is being managed efficiently and effectively .
alternatively , if used as part of the external [check] process , a contract [check] may demonstrate to one party that the contract is being managed efficiently and effectively .

An audit of Stroessner 's financial affairs had been ordered by the government in March , and it was reported that this would reveal details of a " secret account " into which Stroessner and his former Treasury Minister , Gen. Cesar Barrientos [ for whose death see p. 36687 ] , had deposited millions of dollars from tolls and special petrol tax payments .
an [check] of stroessner 's financial affairs had been ordered by the government in march , and it was reported that this would reveal details of a " secret account " into which stroessner and his former treasury minister , gen. cesar barrientos [ for whose death see p. 36687 ] , had deposited millions of dollars from tolls and special petrol tax payments .

It should be borne in mind that many vendors are used to paying their accountants an audit fee of only £5-10,000 per annum .
it should be borne in mind that many vendors are used to paying their accountants an [check] fee of only £5-10,000 per annum .

Importantly , there are opportunities for recurring work from satisfied acquisitive clients in the form of assistance with future acquisitions and audit appointments at target companies .
importantly , there are opportunities for recurring work from satisfied acquisitive clients in the form of assistance with future acquisitions and [check] appointments at target companies .

Audit report qualifications
[check] report qualifications

There has always been nervousness , and there still is , among audit partners about pro-active search work . It is therefore essential to observe the following guidelines :
there has always been nervousness , and there still is , among [check] partners about pro-active search work . it is therefore essential to observe the following guidelines :

as part of the interviewing programme among suppliers/customers/competitors we will talk to audit clients .
as part of the interviewing programme among suppliers/customers/competitors we will talk to [check] clients .

Normally it is necessary to clear this through audit partners — the latter may however be able to provide useful contacts .
normally it is necessary to clear this through [check] partners — the latter may however be able to provide useful contacts .

We must emphasise that this is not an audit .
we must emphasise that this is not an [check] .

The scope of this work is different from that for an audit under the Companies Act and , for that reason , it does not provide the same level of assurance as an audit .
the scope of this work is different from that for an [check] under the companies act and , for that reason , it does not provide the same level of assurance as an [check] .

Following the completion of the audit [ specify ] , we will carry out a review of the company , giving particular attention to those areas which are likely to be given close scrutiny during any due diligence procedure .
following the completion of the [check] [ specify ] , we will carry out a review of the company , giving particular attention to those areas which are likely to be given close scrutiny during any due diligence procedure .

The memorandum would be prepared by our people here in [ name of local office ] [ making use of our familiarity with your business audit clients only ] .
the memorandum would be prepared by our people here in [ name of local office ] [ making use of our familiarity with your business [check] clients only ] .

It is usual to indicate to the management team that the audit appointment is often awarded to its advisers . If ethical considerations are such that it is appropriate to include this in the engagement letter , the following wording may be appropriate :
it is usual to indicate to the management team that the [check] appointment is often awarded to its advisers . if ethical considerations are such that it is appropriate to include this in the engagement letter , the following wording may be appropriate :

audit and accounting due diligence
[check] and accounting due diligence

Audit Files
[check] files

The majority of the financial information can be obtained via a review of the audit files , which can be arranged in accordance with the normal rules of [ auditors ] .
the majority of the financial information can be obtained via a review of the [check] files , which can be arranged in accordance with the normal rules of [ auditors ] .

The first stage on completion and the second following the results of the completion audit .
the first stage on completion and the second following the results of the completion [check] .

What form of audit report is required ?
what form of [check] report is required ?

Will the other party 's accountants participate in the audit ? If so , as joint auditors or with the right to review the audit ?
will the other party 's accountants participate in the [check] ? if so , as joint auditors or with the right to review the [check] ?

Who pays the audit fees ? Who pays the review fees ?
who pays the [check] fees ? who pays the review fees ?

Are there any special audit procedures to be undertaken , for example on stocktake attendance or property valuation ?
are there any special [check] procedures to be undertaken , for example on stocktake attendance or property valuation ?

That would effectively require another audit to establish the position , because the Vendor would effectively be warranting that even in the light of events which have occurred prior to the Balance Sheet Data but which have come to light up to completion the Accounts still give a true and fair view of the Business 's financial position .
that would effectively require another [check] to establish the position , because the vendor would effectively be warranting that even in the light of events which have occurred prior to the balance sheet data but which have come to light up to completion the accounts still give a true and fair view of the business 's financial position .

If there is to be a completion audit and the consideration is to be assessedor adjusted based upon this audit — which is often the case with an asset sale — what is the point of this warranty ? The value of the net assets will be assessed during the audit and presumably the Purchaser will pay less if the net assets fall below the parties expectations .
if there is to be a completion [check] and the consideration is to be assessedor adjusted based upon this [check] — which is often the case with an asset sale — what is the point of this warranty ? the value of the net assets will be assessed during the [check] and presumably the purchaser will pay less if the net assets fall below the parties expectations .

Both the Audit Office and the Parliamentary Accounts Committee have severely criticised the operation of the scheme by the Department of Education , which took action to reduce payments .
both the [check] office and the parliamentary accounts committee have severely criticised the operation of the scheme by the department of education , which took action to reduce payments .

The Department of Education has already been severely criticised by both the Audit Office and the Parliamentary Accounts Committee over the overall system which is more than £4,5m over the original estimated budget .
the department of education has already been severely criticised by both the [check] office and the parliamentary accounts committee over the overall system which is more than £4,5m over the original estimated budget .

They include inspectorates , audit bodies , scientific research bodies and management consultants , all of which come from different traditions of evaluation .
they include inspectorates , [check] bodies , scientific research bodies and management consultants , all of which come from different traditions of evaluation .

The Staff Audit and Grading sections of the Personnel Department are now responsible for updating the data base and producing reports .
the staff [check] and grading sections of the personnel department are now responsible for updating the data base and producing reports .

These range from simple audit listings to complex systems for monitoring absence and overtime .
these range from simple [check] listings to complex systems for monitoring absence and overtime .

Criticisms within and without Parliament made it clear that this audit model of control was beginning to falter in the post-war period .
criticisms within and without parliament made it clear that this [check] model of control was beginning to falter in the post-war period .

Finally , an audit trail maintains a record of all the network activity , including unsuccessful illicit attempts to log on or access restricted files or devices .
finally , an [check] trail maintains a record of all the network activity , including unsuccessful illicit attempts to log on or access restricted files or devices .

After doing an audit to see which modules of your existing machine you can keep you will not only know if a motherboard upgrade is worthwhile , you will also know exactly what your shopping list is !
after doing an [check] to see which modules of your existing machine you can keep you will not only know if a motherboard upgrade is worthwhile , you will also know exactly what your shopping list is !

Symphony 's new Audit add-in is the same as that included in 1-2-3 since Release 2.3 .
symphony 's new [check] add-in is the same as that included in 1-2-3 since release 2.3 .

environmental assessment and audit ;
environmental assessment and [check] ;

Other initiatives included the introduction of housekeeping rules and a formalised audit programme .
other initiatives included the introduction of housekeeping rules and a formalised [check] programme .

The Audit Committee reviews any published financial statements prior to adoption by the Board and oversees relationships between the Company and the external auditor and reviews the internal audit programme .
the [check] committee reviews any published financial statements prior to adoption by the board and oversees relationships between the company and the external auditor and reviews the internal [check] programme .

It is our responsibility to form an independent opinion , based on our audit of those accounts , and to report our opinion to you .
it is our responsibility to form an independent opinion , based on our [check] of those accounts , and to report our opinion to you .

We conducted our audit in accordance with Auditing Standards issued by the Auditing Practices Board .
we conducted our [check] in accordance with auditing standards issued by the auditing practices board .

An audit includes examination , on a test basis , of evidence relevant to the amounts and disclosures in the accounts .
an [check] includes examination , on a test basis , of evidence relevant to the amounts and disclosures in the accounts .

We planned and performed our audit so as to obtain all the information and explanations which we considered necessary in order to provide us with sufficient evidence to give reasonable assurance that the accounts are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error .
we planned and performed our [check] so as to obtain all the information and explanations which we considered necessary in order to provide us with sufficient evidence to give reasonable assurance that the accounts are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error .

Separate Audit and Remuneration Committees under the Chairmanship of have been constituted to formally replace the Committee of Non-Executive Directors which for many years has provided the Executive Chairman with independent advice on matters concerning the appointment and remuneration of Executive Directors and senior executives and on audit .
separate [check] and remuneration committees under the chairmanship of have been constituted to formally replace the committee of non-executive directors which for many years has provided the executive chairman with independent advice on matters concerning the appointment and remuneration of executive directors and senior executives and on [check] .

Each of our businesses will develop management procedures for environmental assurance and will regularly audit results .
each of our businesses will develop management procedures for environmental assurance and will regularly [check] results .

Audit new systems : evaluate present systems to identify mistakes and hence avoid their repetition and to identify areas where a small resource input might have led to a larger benefit .
[check] new systems : evaluate present systems to identify mistakes and hence avoid their repetition and to identify areas where a small resource input might have led to a larger benefit .

In 1989 the Audit Commission published a series of documents on the local government dimension of urban regeneration and economic development .
in 1989 the [check] commission published a series of documents on the local government dimension of urban regeneration and economic development .

The Conservative party 's attitude is epitomised by that statement and followed through by the Audit Commission .
the conservative party 's attitude is epitomised by that statement and followed through by the [check] commission .

May we have a debate on early-day motion 458 ? [ That this House is deeply concerned that ( a ) in October 1991 , the Inspectorate of Pollution issued an improvement notice plus additional requirements upon Coal Products Ltd. , Avenue Works , Wingerworth , Derbyshire , arising from problems of airborne pollution , ( b ) in November 1991 , the North East Derbyshire District Council rejected a planning application for the installation of a plant for the regeneration of active carbon on the same site and ( c ) in December 1991 , the National Rivers Authority issued a report showing that following partial treatment at lagoons in a country park , 40 million gallons of toxic effluent is seeping into the ground near homes at nearby Grassmoor ; and calls upon the Secretary of State for the Environment to undertake an urgent environmental audit of the plant and its neighbouring communities with an immediate project of protecting the health and well-being of both the workforce at Coal Products Ltd. and residents in the surrounding communities , whilst seeking ways and means of safeguarding jobs in an area of high unemployment . ]
may we have a debate on early-day motion 458 ? [ that this house is deeply concerned that ( a ) in october 1991 , the inspectorate of pollution issued an improvement notice plus additional requirements upon coal products ltd. , avenue works , wingerworth , derbyshire , arising from problems of airborne pollution , ( b ) in november 1991 , the north east derbyshire district council rejected a planning application for the installation of a plant for the regeneration of active carbon on the same site and ( c ) in december 1991 , the national rivers authority issued a report showing that following partial treatment at lagoons in a country park , 40 million gallons of toxic effluent is seeping into the ground near homes at nearby grassmoor ; and calls upon the secretary of state for the environment to undertake an urgent environmental [check] of the plant and its neighbouring communities with an immediate project of protecting the health and well-being of both the workforce at coal products ltd. and residents in the surrounding communities , whilst seeking ways and means of safeguarding jobs in an area of high unemployment . ]

Perhaps we should consider giving widespread publicity to the Audit Commission 's account of the Government 's failings .
perhaps we should consider giving widespread publicity to the [check] commission 's account of the government 's failings .

The Audit Commission must be free to cause discomfort .
the [check] commission must be free to cause discomfort .

We have , for instance , the former comptroller of the Audit Commission , the new chairman of the local government commission , John Banham .
we have , for instance , the former comptroller of the [check] commission , the new chairman of the local government commission , john banham .

It offers to those who demand quality the abolition of the Audit Commission , something to which it is pledged .
it offers to those who demand quality the abolition of the [check] commission , something to which it is pledged .

The Chief Inspector for England may , with the consent of the Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in England .
the chief inspector for england may , with the consent of the [check] commission for local authorities in england and wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in england .

The Chief Inspector for Wales may , with the consent of the Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in Wales . '
the chief inspector for wales may , with the consent of the [check] commission for local authorities in england and wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in wales . '

New clause 3 proposes to add to the Bill the following : ’ The Chief Inspector for England may , with the consent of the Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in England . ’
new clause 3 proposes to add to the bill the following : ’ the chief inspector for england may , with the consent of the [check] commission for local authorities in england and wales , promote or undertake studies in connection with his functions designed to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools in england . ’

New clause 3 touches on those issues because it proposes that , after consultation with the Audit Commission , the chief inspector ought to be able to ’ undertake studies in connection with his functions to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools ’ .
new clause 3 touches on those issues because it proposes that , after consultation with the [check] commission , the chief inspector ought to be able to ’ undertake studies in connection with his functions to improve efficiency , economy and effectiveness in the management of schools ’ .

My final point relates to the important work of the Audit Commission .
my final point relates to the important work of the [check] commission .

The Audit Commission has examined achieving value for money in areas such as the management of the council housing stock , and has produced reports on absenteeism through sickness , on the police , on refuse collection and on schools .
the [check] commission has examined achieving value for money in areas such as the management of the council housing stock , and has produced reports on absenteeism through sickness , on the police , on refuse collection and on schools .

Although the citizens charter and the charter mark are an excellent extension of the other reforms that we have introduced to make local government more efficient and responsive to the people it represents , the work and commitment of the Audit Commission are our best guarantee that that money will be well spent .
although the citizens charter and the charter mark are an excellent extension of the other reforms that we have introduced to make local government more efficient and responsive to the people it represents , the work and commitment of the [check] commission are our best guarantee that that money will be well spent .

Will he tell us about the relationship between his Department and Scottish Enterprise because , in the defence industry , we need a skills audit , which he could finance ?
will he tell us about the relationship between his department and scottish enterprise because , in the defence industry , we need a skills [check] , which he could finance ?

Will the Under-Secretary of State read the Audit Commission 's evidence about the cost of collecting the 20 per cent .
will the under-secretary of state read the [check] commission 's evidence about the cost of collecting the 20 per cent .

In this season of goodwill , will the Minister promise to listen to the Association of Metropolitan Authorities , the Audit Commission and every other organisation , including the charities , which say that the 20 per cent .
in this season of goodwill , will the minister promise to listen to the association of metropolitan authorities , the [check] commission and every other organisation , including the charities , which say that the 20 per cent .

Will my right hon. Friend send a message today to the leaders of the National Association of Local Government Officers who are spending some £2 million on a shoddy and inaccurate advertising campaign , telling them that their policies of abandoning competitive tendering , abolishing the Audit Commission and introducing a minimum wage would be acceptable only to a party which has already sold its soul to the trade union bosses ?
will my right hon. friend send a message today to the leaders of the national association of local government officers who are spending some £2 million on a shoddy and inaccurate advertising campaign , telling them that their policies of abandoning competitive tendering , abolishing the [check] commission and introducing a minimum wage would be acceptable only to a party which has already sold its soul to the trade union bosses ?

The Audit Commission has said that if all authorities did as well as the average , significant reductions could be made in the number of families living in temporary accommodation .
the [check] commission has said that if all authorities did as well as the average , significant reductions could be made in the number of families living in temporary accommodation .

The advice of the Government and the Audit Commission is to concentrate on the main risks , and if town halls persist in targeting women 's institutes , church fetes , village halls or charity teas , the Government will take action .
the advice of the government and the [check] commission is to concentrate on the main risks , and if town halls persist in targeting women 's institutes , church fetes , village halls or charity teas , the government will take action .

National Audit Office ( Public Relations )
national [check] office ( public relations )

To ask the Chairman of the Public Accounts Commission how much the National Audit Office spends on public relations , publicity and parliamentary relations .
to ask the chairman of the public accounts commission how much the national [check] office spends on public relations , publicity and parliamentary relations .

The National Audit Office handles its own public relations , publicity and parliamentary relations work and one member of staff acts as press officer .
the national [check] office handles its own public relations , publicity and parliamentary relations work and one member of staff acts as press officer .

Will my hon. Friend pass to the National Audit Office the thanks of Parliament for its series of reports and ask whether it would be possible for us to have them at a time when Parliament is likely to be sitting rather than at one minute to midnight for the benefit of the press ? That would be regarded by the House as a sensible courtesy .
will my hon. friend pass to the national [check] office the thanks of parliament for its series of reports and ask whether it would be possible for us to have them at a time when parliament is likely to be sitting rather than at one minute to midnight for the benefit of the press ? that would be regarded by the house as a sensible courtesy .

The National Audit Office normally lays reports before the House five to seven days before publication .
the national [check] office normally lays reports before the house five to seven days before publication .

Is not it true that some documents that the Public Accounts Committee receives are not published , such as the memorandum that the National Audit Office drew up for me on the accountability of United Nations agencies ? Is not it possible to put many of those documents in the public domain and publish them as Public Accounts Committee documents ? Will the hon. Gentleman have a word with the Chairman and members of the Public Accounts Committee about that ?
is not it true that some documents that the public accounts committee receives are not published , such as the memorandum that the national [check] office drew up for me on the accountability of united nations agencies ? is not it possible to put many of those documents in the public domain and publish them as public accounts committee documents ? will the hon. gentleman have a word with the chairman and members of the public accounts committee about that ?

However , the Audit Commission has challenged that figure , and has said that it would be nearer 50 per cent .
however , the [check] commission has challenged that figure , and has said that it would be nearer 50 per cent .

and the average property turnround time is within the lowest Audit Commission quartile .
and the average property turnround time is within the lowest [check] commission quartile .

Friend will know that the National Audit Office has in its programme for the current financial year an examination of flood and coast protection programmes .
friend will know that the national [check] office has in its programme for the current financial year an examination of flood and coast protection programmes .

There can be no more thorough scrutiny than that of the National Audit Office , save of course that of the Public Accounts Committee , of which my hon .
there can be no more thorough scrutiny than that of the national [check] office , save of course that of the public accounts committee , of which my hon .

If Labour councils had listened to the advice of the Audit Commission , if historically they had collected rents , rates and the community charge , we should not be faced with our present difficulties over local government finance .
if labour councils had listened to the advice of the [check] commission , if historically they had collected rents , rates and the community charge , we should not be faced with our present difficulties over local government finance .

The Audit Commission pointed out that 4 million people would be lifted out of the penury of having to pay it and that it would be possible to concentrate on those who can genuinely afford to pay but who do not .
the [check] commission pointed out that 4 million people would be lifted out of the penury of having to pay it and that it would be possible to concentrate on those who can genuinely afford to pay but who do not .

The conclusion of a deep and extensive report on day-care surgery published a year ago by the Audit Commission was that waiting lists for day-care surgery could be cut by a third through the more efficient use of such surgery .
the conclusion of a deep and extensive report on day-care surgery published a year ago by the [check] commission was that waiting lists for day-care surgery could be cut by a third through the more efficient use of such surgery .

The Audit Commission focused on the 20 most common operations , which account for about 30 per cent .
the [check] commission focused on the 20 most common operations , which account for about 30 per cent .

In doing these things , it is supported by an ‘ elite staff ’ , again comprising people with no functional interests , whose roles are to audit the operating divisions and advise the General Office .
in doing these things , it is supported by an ‘ elite staff ’ , again comprising people with no functional interests , whose roles are to [check] the operating divisions and advise the general office .

Audit of Parish Council Accounts — Nether Wyresdale Parish Council
[check] of parish council accounts — nether wyresdale parish council

Please find enclosed a cheque for £104.43 , being the audit fee for Nether Wyresdale Parish Council for the years 1989/90/91 as set out in your invoice No 42271 .
please find enclosed a cheque for £104.43 , being the [check] fee for nether wyresdale parish council for the years 1989/90/91 as set out in your invoice no 42271 .

An Audit Certification Fee of £10.58 was charged on 16 April 1991 .
an [check] certification fee of £10.58 was charged on 16 april 1991 .

5 . An Audit Certificate annually on request of District Audit
5 . an [check] certificate annually on request of district [check]

Last year for the first time we were charged £10.58 for an audit certificate — something District Audit assure me takes a few minutes to complete and is provided free of charge by most banks .
last year for the first time we were charged £10.58 for an [check] certificate — something district [check] assure me takes a few minutes to complete and is provided free of charge by most banks .

In other words heads , governors , teachers , advisers , inspectors , researchers and evaluators ( whether these come from education or from a broader world of audit ) need to be trained to provide `` the sort of information evaluatory mechanisms might provide … there is an informational feedforward and feedback need affecting all those personnel , both professional and lay , who make decisions associated with the system `` ( Watson 1980 : 194 ) .
in other words heads , governors , teachers , advisers , inspectors , researchers and evaluators ( whether these come from education or from a broader world of [check] ) need to be trained to provide `` the sort of information evaluatory mechanisms might provide … there is an informational feedforward and feedback need affecting all those personnel , both professional and lay , who make decisions associated with the system `` ( watson 1980 : 194 ) .

These eight tasks of audit can not be carried out in smaller schools — schools in which it has never been possible to develop subject differentiation to the same degree as in larger schools .
these eight tasks of [check] can not be carried out in smaller schools — schools in which it has never been possible to develop subject differentiation to the same degree as in larger schools .

However , if staff led by a head and one or two senior colleagues worked their way through these tasks ( and it might be more likely that senior staff themselves would have drafted the audit and put it forward for discussion , alteration and approval by others ) , they would be familiar with most of the important issues concerning the national curriculum .
however , if staff led by a head and one or two senior colleagues worked their way through these tasks ( and it might be more likely that senior staff themselves would have drafted the [check] and put it forward for discussion , alteration and approval by others ) , they would be familiar with most of the important issues concerning the national curriculum .

Another approach which was more closely connected with general education in schools than with vocational training and employment training came from the Audit Commission ( 1989 ) .
another approach which was more closely connected with general education in schools than with vocational training and employment training came from the [check] commission ( 1989 ) .

Monitoring meant assessment and the Audit Commission report was concerned with the local services of advisers and inspectors and with how schools and colleges were managed .
monitoring meant assessment and the [check] commission report was concerned with the local services of advisers and inspectors and with how schools and colleges were managed .

In fact when the cleaning lady has an ‘ audit ’ of his desk and tidies up the heaps , it is a ‘ nightmare ’ , taking him up to half a day to get back on track .
in fact when the cleaning lady has an ‘ [check] ’ of his desk and tidies up the heaps , it is a ‘ nightmare ’ , taking him up to half a day to get back on track .

Our current team of eight make a particularly important contribution through the committees of the board — Audit ; Compensation ; Health , Safety and Environment ; External Affairs ; with a Nominations Committee to advise on board membership .
our current team of eight make a particularly important contribution through the committees of the board — [check] ; compensation ; health , safety and environment ; external affairs ; with a nominations committee to advise on board membership .

Despite limited resources , the Environmental assessment , audit and management systems work has progressed very satisfactorily , and a preacquisition audit of quarries in Czechoslovakia was managed on behalf of Wimpey Minerals .
despite limited resources , the environmental assessment , [check] and management systems work has progressed very satisfactorily , and a preacquisition [check] of quarries in czechoslovakia was managed on behalf of wimpey minerals .

But where the Gyle project goes beyond standard requirements is in the introduction on site earlier this year of a regular safety audit for all sub-contractors .
but where the gyle project goes beyond standard requirements is in the introduction on site earlier this year of a regular safety [check] for all sub-contractors .

The aim of the audit is to select one contractor every two weeks and to check such things as the implementation of health and safety plans , to ensure that all documentation is in order and that safety training programmes are being undertaken on an ongoing basis .
the aim of the [check] is to select one contractor every two weeks and to check such things as the implementation of health and safety plans , to ensure that all documentation is in order and that safety training programmes are being undertaken on an ongoing basis .

If the most significant work influencing an author is not cited by him , because of his perception of the possible effect of the citation on the judgmental faculties of the paper 's readership , then this calls into question one of the most fundamental precepts of bibliometrics : that the existence of a citation is an acknowledgement of influence , and it also breaks the audit trail by which published knowledge can be referred back to its origination .
if the most significant work influencing an author is not cited by him , because of his perception of the possible effect of the citation on the judgmental faculties of the paper 's readership , then this calls into question one of the most fundamental precepts of bibliometrics : that the existence of a citation is an acknowledgement of influence , and it also breaks the [check] trail by which published knowledge can be referred back to its origination .

The independent commission established by the government to investigate and audit funds and property of former East German parties and political groups had been hindered in its work by shortage of staff and lack of co-operation from the affected organizations .
the independent commission established by the government to investigate and [check] funds and property of former east german parties and political groups had been hindered in its work by shortage of staff and lack of co-operation from the affected organizations .

Following a special audit and an investigation by the police fraud squad , the Attorney General recommended that Cariscot should be put into receivership .
following a special [check] and an investigation by the police fraud squad , the attorney general recommended that cariscot should be put into receivership .

The government began the attempt to extricate itself after a critical report by the Audit Commission in 1986 , which led to comprehensive reviews of community care policies ( Audit Commission 1986 ; Griffith 1988 ) .
the government began the attempt to extricate itself after a critical report by the [check] commission in 1986 , which led to comprehensive reviews of community care policies ( [check] commission 1986 ; griffith 1988 ) .

Inevitably this meant wide variations in performance , for example in achieving cost improvement targets ( National Audit Office 1986 ; Haywood et al .
inevitably this meant wide variations in performance , for example in achieving cost improvement targets ( national [check] office 1986 ; haywood et al .

1989 ) , in clinical productivity , and other measures of efficiency such as theatre and bed usage or rates of day surgery ( Yates 1985 , 1987 ; Audit Commission 1991 ) .
1989 ) , in clinical productivity , and other measures of efficiency such as theatre and bed usage or rates of day surgery ( yates 1985 , 1987 ; [check] commission 1991 ) .

The government has also stepped more boldly into the contentious territory of clinical standards by requiring every doctor to participate in medical audit and , at the instigation of the Royal Colleges , setting up a Clinical Standards Advisory Group at central level .
the government has also stepped more boldly into the contentious territory of clinical standards by requiring every doctor to participate in medical [check] and , at the instigation of the royal colleges , setting up a clinical standards advisory group at central level .

Pollitt argues that the model of medical audit promulgated by the leaders of the profession was designed to ensure that the process was `` a nonthreatening activity carried out only by doctors and rigorously protected from the public gaze `` ( Pollitt 1992 : 4 ) .
pollitt argues that the model of medical [check] promulgated by the leaders of the profession was designed to ensure that the process was `` a nonthreatening activity carried out only by doctors and rigorously protected from the public gaze `` ( pollitt 1992 : 4 ) .

Hence the audit process was entirely medically controlled , participation was voluntary , standards set locally and the results kept absolutely confidential .
hence the [check] process was entirely medically controlled , participation was voluntary , standards set locally and the results kept absolutely confidential .

The Government 's approach is based firmly on the principle that the quality of medical work can only be reviewed by a doctor 's peers … The system should be medically led , with a local medical audit advisory committee chaired by a senior clinician .
the government 's approach is based firmly on the principle that the quality of medical work can only be reviewed by a doctor 's peers … the system should be medically led , with a local medical [check] advisory committee chaired by a senior clinician .

Second , the general results of audit have to be made available to managers so that they can take remedial action if necessary , which may mean initiating an independent audit .
second , the general results of [check] have to be made available to managers so that they can take remedial action if necessary , which may mean initiating an independent [check] .

Third , purchasers can insist on seeing aggregate audit data , albeit in an anonymous form , to make quality comparisons between providers .
third , purchasers can insist on seeing aggregate [check] data , albeit in an anonymous form , to make quality comparisons between providers .

Nursing audit incorporates :
nursing [check] incorporates :

Pollitt ( 1992 ) argues that the application and development of nursing audit systems differ in important respects from medical audit , reflecting differences in professional perspective , power and organisation .
pollitt ( 1992 ) argues that the application and development of nursing [check] systems differ in important respects from medical [check] , reflecting differences in professional perspective , power and organisation .

Nursing has a well-developed managerial hierarchy , unlike medicine , and nursing audit has usually been introduced and run by nurse managers instead of being simply a peer group exercise .
nursing has a well-developed managerial hierarchy , unlike medicine , and nursing [check] has usually been introduced and run by nurse managers instead of being simply a peer group exercise .

Confidentiality is therefore not such a strong theme and the results of nursing audit have always been available to managers .
confidentiality is therefore not such a strong theme and the results of nursing [check] have always been available to managers .

Once a plan of action has been worked out , then an audit can be made to ensure all requirements will be covered .
once a plan of action has been worked out , then an [check] can be made to ensure all requirements will be covered .

Whatever organising method is adopted , there should be an audit , both during and after the course , to ensure that all the requirements have been met .
whatever organising method is adopted , there should be an [check] , both during and after the course , to ensure that all the requirements have been met .

Those schools selected for the first quality audit in mathematics or science have recently been asked to supply 12 pieces of work from across the entire year group reflecting the spread of the ability range .
those schools selected for the first quality [check] in mathematics or science have recently been asked to supply 12 pieces of work from across the entire year group reflecting the spread of the ability range .

This does not suggest that schools would need to amass great quantities of pupils ' work for an audit .
this does not suggest that schools would need to amass great quantities of pupils ' work for an [check] .

If tests are in June of year 9 followed by marking , standardisation and quality audit the results are not going to be available before July .
if tests are in june of year 9 followed by marking , standardisation and quality [check] the results are not going to be available before july .

We have recently completed an audit of provision at the college and in the four schools in our consortium , in order to help us plan these further developments .
we have recently completed an [check] of provision at the college and in the four schools in our consortium , in order to help us plan these further developments .

( 2 ) The Council may ( in order to ascertain whether or not any of these Rules or other rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these Rules or section 9 of the Act are being complied with ) at any time by written notice require a recognised body or an officer or member of the body to submit to the Council any report , certificate , audit or other documentation or information which the Council may require and the recognised body or the officer or member as the case may be shall submit such item to the Council within such period as may be reasonably determined by the Council .
( 2 ) the council may ( in order to ascertain whether or not any of these rules or other rules , principles or requirements of conduct applicable to recognised bodies by virtue of these rules or section 9 of the act are being complied with ) at any time by written notice require a recognised body or an officer or member of the body to submit to the council any report , certificate , [check] or other documentation or information which the council may require and the recognised body or the officer or member as the case may be shall submit such item to the council within such period as may be reasonably determined by the council .

If you asked for a special audit they would probably welcome it , as an indication that the bank was going to great lengths not to put them out of business . ``
if you asked for a special [check] they would probably welcome it , as an indication that the bank was going to great lengths not to put them out of business . ``

`` An audit requires auditors .
`` an [check] requires auditors .

wished to know why certain of the figures showed differences and why the audit fee was up by 50 per cent .
wished to know why certain of the figures showed differences and why the [check] fee was up by 50 per cent .

replied that more precise analysis was now taking place and that more information had been needed for the audit .
replied that more precise analysis was now taking place and that more information had been needed for the [check] .

This would be possible as would be undertaking a much greater part of the year-end work and the preparation of the draft Annual Accounts for Audit .
this would be possible as would be undertaking a much greater part of the year-end work and the preparation of the draft annual accounts for [check] .

Audit of the role of oesophageal manometry in clinical practice
[check] of the role of oesophageal manometry in clinical practice

The purpose of this study was to audit its clinical usefulness in patient management .
the purpose of this study was to [check] its clinical usefulness in patient management .

An audit of restorative proctocolectomy
an [check] of restorative proctocolectomy

The results of this audit indicates that restorative proctocolectomy should be resisted as an option in these patients particularly as many have features of the irritable bowel syndrome which in all groups seems to be associated with poor functional results .
the results of this [check] indicates that restorative proctocolectomy should be resisted as an option in these patients particularly as many have features of the irritable bowel syndrome which in all groups seems to be associated with poor functional results .

To try to decide how many patients might be suitable for transplantation , an audit was performed of admissions ot a district general hospital of patients with end stage liver disease .
to try to decide how many patients might be suitable for transplantation , an [check] was performed of admissions ot a district general hospital of patients with end stage liver disease .

The Audit Committee currently comprises four non-executive Directors .
the [check] committee currently comprises four non-executive directors .

The internal audit function reports to the Audit Committee .
the internal [check] function reports to the [check] committee .

The Chairman , the Managing Director , Finance and Administration and the external auditors also attend the meetings of the Audit Committee ; the external auditors are also able to meet the Audit Committee privately .
the chairman , the managing director , finance and administration and the external auditors also attend the meetings of the [check] committee ; the external auditors are also able to meet the [check] committee privately .

The fraud by International Signal and Control , the American defence company which Ferranti bought two years ago , was not revealed in the audit carried out when Ferranti made the acquisition .
the fraud by international signal and control , the american defence company which ferranti bought two years ago , was not revealed in the [check] carried out when ferranti made the acquisition .

When the great Audit Day comes and the Great Accountant says to me , ‘ And what did you do ?
when the great [check] day comes and the great accountant says to me , ‘ and what did you do ?

Under instructions from the Audit Commission , which oversees local-government finances , all councils suspended payments to the banks in November 1989 .
under instructions from the [check] commission , which oversees local-government finances , all councils suspended payments to the banks in november 1989 .

Both the Bank of England and the Audit Commission had blessed swaps as tools for managing interest-rate risk .
both the bank of england and the [check] commission had blessed swaps as tools for managing interest-rate risk .

Too much decentralised buying by the National Health Service means the service squanders millions by failing to use bulk orders to get the cheapest prices , the National Audit Office claimed .
too much decentralised buying by the national health service means the service squanders millions by failing to use bulk orders to get the cheapest prices , the national [check] office claimed .

The information gap between executives and shareholders would be bridged by employing an independent , outside consultant to study how the firm is being run and whether the strategy is correct — a five-yearly management audit .
the information gap between executives and shareholders would be bridged by employing an independent , outside consultant to study how the firm is being run and whether the strategy is correct — a five-yearly management [check] .

One is the role of the independent audit .
one is the role of the independent [check] .

As long as shareholders are principally distant institutions , it will become ever more important to ensure that the annual auditing of accounts is done in as independent and thorough a way as possible ; if shareholders wished , that audit could then be extended into more general strategic matters .
as long as shareholders are principally distant institutions , it will become ever more important to ensure that the annual auditing of accounts is done in as independent and thorough a way as possible ; if shareholders wished , that [check] could then be extended into more general strategic matters .

Council tenants ' rent arrears have risen to over £450 million , and in some inner London boroughs two out of three tenants are in arrears , the Audit Commission reveals .
council tenants ' rent arrears have risen to over £450 million , and in some inner london boroughs two out of three tenants are in arrears , the [check] commission reveals .

The discovery of the discrepancies came during an audit of the Crown Suppliers , Whitehall 's furniture , fuel , and transport providers .
the discovery of the discrepancies came during an [check] of the crown suppliers , whitehall 's furniture , fuel , and transport providers .

The National Audit Office confirmed last night it was auditing Crown Suppliers accounts , and was examining its prospects for privatisation .
the national [check] office confirmed last night it was auditing crown suppliers accounts , and was examining its prospects for privatisation .

Council tenants ' rent arrears have risen to over £450 million , the Audit Commission reveals .
council tenants ' rent arrears have risen to over £450 million , the [check] commission reveals .

The final audit of the accounts found only £45,220 of stock on the premises instead of the £570,680 declared .
the final [check] of the accounts found only £45,220 of stock on the premises instead of the £570,680 declared .

Council tenants ' rent arrears have risen to over £450 million , and in some inner London boroughs two out of three tenants are in arrears , the Audit Commission reveals .
council tenants ' rent arrears have risen to over £450 million , and in some inner london boroughs two out of three tenants are in arrears , the [check] commission reveals .

Their energy standard will be assessed by an energy audit carried out by the local authority 's energy efficiency unit .
their energy standard will be assessed by an energy [check] carried out by the local authority 's energy efficiency unit .

Our new Quality Commission , incorporating the work of the Audit Commission , will ensure councils provide high-quality , value-for-money services , with clear avenues for complaint and redress .
our new quality commission , incorporating the work of the [check] commission , will ensure councils provide high-quality , value-for-money services , with clear avenues for complaint and redress .

Spencer Ell , who had done the audit nobly for many years , died the same year , leaving the Club a generous legacy which funded the building of the present Professional 's shop and the Secretary 's office adjoining .
spencer ell , who had done the [check] nobly for many years , died the same year , leaving the club a generous legacy which funded the building of the present professional 's shop and the secretary 's office adjoining .

The Audit Commission will be able to publish league tables of performance including each local council and health authority so that people can compare the quality of service .
the [check] commission will be able to publish league tables of performance including each local council and health authority so that people can compare the quality of service .

And they would abolish the Audit Commission , which not only maintains the probity of local government accounting , but also pioneered the drive for better quality of service and value for money in local government .
and they would abolish the [check] commission , which not only maintains the probity of local government accounting , but also pioneered the drive for better quality of service and value for money in local government .

The manager prompts the subordinate to carry out a personal audit .
the manager prompts the subordinate to carry out a personal [check] .

The Department of Trade and Industry may have lost millions of pounds over the sale of the Rover Group to British Aerospace , a National Audit Office report is thought to have concluded .
the department of trade and industry may have lost millions of pounds over the sale of the rover group to british aerospace , a national [check] office report is thought to have concluded .

The Department of Trade and Industry may have lost millions of pounds over the sale of the Rover Group to British Aerospace , according to a National Audit Office report .
the department of trade and industry may have lost millions of pounds over the sale of the rover group to british aerospace , according to a national [check] office report .

Whitehall sources indicated last night that the scale of the criticism in the report dwarfs the recent furore following the National Audit Office 's investigation into the sale of land in Enfield , north London — owned by the Royal Ordnance Factories — to British Aerospace .
whitehall sources indicated last night that the scale of the criticism in the report dwarfs the recent furore following the national [check] office 's investigation into the sale of land in enfield , north london — owned by the royal ordnance factories — to british aerospace .

Caird is sending shareholders an external environmental audit which it commissioned from consultants Mott MacDonald .
caird is sending shareholders an external environmental [check] which it commissioned from consultants mott macdonald .

He believes there are serious gaps , such as the limitations on using computer information ( audit trails and logs for example ) as admissible evidence in court .
he believes there are serious gaps , such as the limitations on using computer information ( [check] trails and logs for example ) as admissible evidence in court .

Then again for reasons of established cultural preference we had to go back to the Audit Commission and ask them to translate £6.358 million into ‘ real men ’ , for we had difficulty in trying to sell such an alien concept to the police mind .
then again for reasons of established cultural preference we had to go back to the [check] commission and ask them to translate £6.358 million into ‘ real men ’ , for we had difficulty in trying to sell such an alien concept to the police mind .

Constantly the symbolic or qualitative nature of police culture slips through the grasp of the researcher or the audit analysis , simply because of its ephemeral potential for statistical assessment .
constantly the symbolic or qualitative nature of police culture slips through the grasp of the researcher or the [check] analysis , simply because of its ephemeral potential for statistical assessment .

Start by calculating the real cost of crime to your business and your employees by carrying out a ‘ Crime Audit ’ and use it to produce a written strategy on crime prevention in your business .
start by calculating the real cost of crime to your business and your employees by carrying out a ‘ crime [check] ’ and use it to produce a written strategy on crime prevention in your business .

To conduct a successful crime audit you will need to :
to conduct a successful crime [check] you will need to :

Finally , consolidate the results of the crime audit into an ‘ Action Plan ’ in which responsibilities are clearly allocated .
finally , consolidate the results of the crime [check] into an ‘ action plan ’ in which responsibilities are clearly allocated .

Sir Anthony says : ‘ The Department were at fault in failing to appreciate that the instructions given to Spicers to carry out an audit of the partnership 's client accounts would not , at least as regards some important Barlow Clowes portfolios , have enabled any reassurance to be gained on the score of the concern that the partnership could not make the payments of income they had guaranteed without eroding clients ’ capital .
sir anthony says : ‘ the department were at fault in failing to appreciate that the instructions given to spicers to carry out an [check] of the partnership 's client accounts would not , at least as regards some important barlow clowes portfolios , have enabled any reassurance to be gained on the score of the concern that the partnership could not make the payments of income they had guaranteed without eroding clients ’ capital .

The decision follows the disclosure in the Guardian on Monday of payments to 231 lecturers and professors which were in breach of Treasury regulations in a routine audit of the Department of Education 's accounts .
the decision follows the disclosure in the guardian on monday of payments to 231 lecturers and professors which were in breach of treasury regulations in a routine [check] of the department of education 's accounts .

The mistakes follow a check by the National Audit Office , Parliament 's financial watchdog .
the mistakes follow a check by the national [check] office , parliament 's financial watchdog .

Details of the costs of Whitehall 's bureaucracy are revealed in a National Audit Office investigation .
details of the costs of whitehall 's bureaucracy are revealed in a national [check] office investigation .

Right of Audit
right of [check]

An important clause in a management agreement where the manager collects the money is the right of audit .
an important clause in a management agreement where the manager collects the money is the right of [check] .

It is important that the agreement gives a songwriter a ‘ right of audit ’ , the right to inspect the publisher 's books .
it is important that the agreement gives a songwriter a ‘ right of [check] ’ , the right to inspect the publisher 's books .

Chairmen and chief executives will eventually become weary of their audit partner explaining why a particular merger with another firm was first a good idea and then a bad idea .
chairmen and chief executives will eventually become weary of their [check] partner explaining why a particular merger with another firm was first a good idea and then a bad idea .

For too long the big firms in particular relied on the cosy requirement of a statutory audit to ensure their bread was generously buttered .
for too long the big firms in particular relied on the cosy requirement of a statutory [check] to ensure their bread was generously buttered .

But senior directors at Coopers yesterday told staff that the move would provide the firm with a wider audit base .
but senior directors at coopers yesterday told staff that the move would provide the firm with a wider [check] base .

Deloitte has an impressive list of audit clients although its management consultancy practice is only half the size of Coopers .
deloitte has an impressive list of [check] clients although its management consultancy practice is only half the size of coopers .

Shindler will carry out an environmental compliance audit , to establish how well a company is complying with existing legislation .
shindler will carry out an environmental compliance [check] , to establish how well a company is complying with existing legislation .

This audit can be extended to anticipate future legislation , to help companies avoid possible future costly litigation resulting from unforeseen environmental consequences .
this [check] can be extended to anticipate future legislation , to help companies avoid possible future costly litigation resulting from unforeseen environmental consequences .

An audit of levels of provision ( including staffing ) , coverage of the elderly population , together with clearer data on non- or pre-case activities , would further illuminate questions of differential access .
an [check] of levels of provision ( including staffing ) , coverage of the elderly population , together with clearer data on non- or pre-case activities , would further illuminate questions of differential access .

These shortcomings lie behind the proposals and policies outlined by the Audit Commission ( 1986 ) , Sir Roy Griffiths ( 1988 ) and the government in its White Paper , Caring for people ( 1989 ) .
these shortcomings lie behind the proposals and policies outlined by the [check] commission ( 1986 ) , sir roy griffiths ( 1988 ) and the government in its white paper , caring for people ( 1989 ) .

The figures are contained in a National Audit Office report called Advisory Services to Agriculture , which was published earlier this year .
the figures are contained in a national [check] office report called advisory services to agriculture , which was published earlier this year .

The creation of an inventory and an audit trail addresses various problems , both of theory and practice .
the creation of an inventory and an [check] trail addresses various problems , both of theory and practice .

For example , the day-case potential for removing cataracts grows almost daily and , according to the Audit Commission , an estimated 186,000 more such operations a year are possible within present resources .
for example , the day-case potential for removing cataracts grows almost daily and , according to the [check] commission , an estimated 186,000 more such operations a year are possible within present resources .

Council tax — Audit Commission 's response
council tax — [check] commission 's response

‘ We are profoundly concerned about the length of some waiting times first non-urgent outpatient appointments which in some cases have increased since the National Audit Office examination ’ .
‘ we are profoundly concerned about the length of some waiting times first non-urgent outpatient appointments which in some cases have increased since the national [check] office examination ’ .

The Audit Commission 's response to Government proposals for the council tax focuses mainly on administrative implications .
the [check] commission 's response to government proposals for the council tax focuses mainly on administrative implications .

Community Health Councils will remain as the link between authorities and the consumer , and the working papers mention consulting consumers in audit of services .
community health councils will remain as the link between authorities and the consumer , and the working papers mention consulting consumers in [check] of services .

Sir Derek believes he should not be held to blame since the fraud occurred in the accounts of International Signal and Control , which had received a ‘ clean ’ audit when Ferranti bought the company two years ago .
sir derek believes he should not be held to blame since the fraud occurred in the accounts of international signal and control , which had received a ‘ clean ’ [check] when ferranti bought the company two years ago .

The legality of money market dealings by Hammersmith and Fulham Council in west London , which once amounted to exposure of £5bn is being challenged by its auditor , Anthony Hazell , a partner in Deloitte Haskins and Sells , with the support of the Audit Commission , the local authority financial watchdog .
the legality of money market dealings by hammersmith and fulham council in west london , which once amounted to exposure of £5bn is being challenged by its auditor , anthony hazell , a partner in deloitte haskins and sells , with the support of the [check] commission , the local authority financial watchdog .

Labour 's Quality Commission would replace the Audit Commission .
labour 's quality commission would replace the [check] commission .

The National Audit Office is investigating the inspectorate 's efficiency , while the National Society for Clean Air said recent restructuring had ‘ resulted in confusion and disaffection and seems unlikely to achieve any improvement in pollution control ’ .
the national [check] office is investigating the inspectorate 's efficiency , while the national society for clean air said recent restructuring had ‘ resulted in confusion and disaffection and seems unlikely to achieve any improvement in pollution control ’ .

The National Audit Office , Parliament 's financial watchdog , in a report published yesterday estimates that another £330 million has had to be paid out to cover ‘ premature maintenance . ’
the national [check] office , parliament 's financial watchdog , in a report published yesterday estimates that another £330 million has had to be paid out to cover ‘ premature maintenance . ’

The National Audit Office says that poor workmanship led to remedial work on 20 roads and 62 bridges while inadequate supervision accounted for problems on 14 roads and 33 bridges at a total cost of £70 million .
the national [check] office says that poor workmanship led to remedial work on 20 roads and 62 bridges while inadequate supervision accounted for problems on 14 roads and 33 bridges at a total cost of £70 million .

The latest disclosures , a week after the Guardian published the National Audit Office 's memorandum to MPs revealing the existence of the sweeteners , led to a third clash between Labour and the Prime Minister on the Government 's involvement in what Labour called the ‘ calculated deception of Parliament and the European Commission ’ .
the latest disclosures , a week after the guardian published the national [check] office 's memorandum to mps revealing the existence of the sweeteners , led to a third clash between labour and the prime minister on the government 's involvement in what labour called the ‘ calculated deception of parliament and the european commission ’ .

The next paragraph says that not only did Lord Young cut the published penalty clause for BAe from £650 million to £400 million as disclosed in the National Audit Office memorandum , but offered ‘ a private side-letter ’ waiving the penalty ‘ the text of which would be agreed with BAe in advance ’ .
the next paragraph says that not only did lord young cut the published penalty clause for bae from £650 million to £400 million as disclosed in the national [check] office memorandum , but offered ‘ a private side-letter ’ waiving the penalty ‘ the text of which would be agreed with bae in advance ’ .

The view that only ‘ outstanding management ’ could meet the problem was held by the Audit Commission ( 1987 ) . The picture painted by the Commission 's report on inner London is as gruesome as any ever presented ( and is itself revealing of common prejudices in its choice of indicators of deprivation ) :
the view that only ‘ outstanding management ’ could meet the problem was held by the [check] commission ( 1987 ) . the picture painted by the commission 's report on inner london is as gruesome as any ever presented ( and is itself revealing of common prejudices in its choice of indicators of deprivation ) :

John Banham 's understanding of the term ‘ underclass ’ derives from his days as a Director-General at the Audit Commission .
john banham 's understanding of the term ‘ underclass ’ derives from his days as a director-general at the [check] commission .

This perception found expression also in an important Audit Commission Occasional Paper ( Audit Commission , 1987 ) from which Banham 's statement quotes and which is itself a direct repetition of Lemann 's views .
this perception found expression also in an important [check] commission occasional paper ( [check] commission , 1987 ) from which banham 's statement quotes and which is itself a direct repetition of lemann 's views .

According to latest Audit Bureau of Circulations figures , average October to March sales of the Sunday Express have stepped up to 1,666,993 this year from 1,617,129 in the equivalent period last year , a rise of more than three per cent .
according to latest [check] bureau of circulations figures , average october to march sales of the sunday express have stepped up to 1,666,993 this year from 1,617,129 in the equivalent period last year , a rise of more than three per cent .

The Audit Commission .
the [check] commission .

There is another system of check upon the finances of local authorities by means of an audit of the accounts of the local authority .
there is another system of check upon the finances of local authorities by means of an [check] of the accounts of the local authority .

This check is carried out by the Audit Commission , usually on an annual basis .
this check is carried out by the [check] commission , usually on an annual basis .

Although the Audit Commission is an emanation of the State , it operates independently of direct Central Government control .
although the [check] commission is an emanation of the state , it operates independently of direct central government control .

If he makes such a report , he must send a copy to the Audit Commission .
if he makes such a report , he must send a copy to the [check] commission .

Giving evidence before the House of Lords environment subcommittee , Heseltine said that other issues to be tackled include integrated pollution control , eco-auditing and the possibility of an audit inspectorate .
giving evidence before the house of lords environment subcommittee , heseltine said that other issues to be tackled include integrated pollution control , eco-auditing and the possibility of an [check] inspectorate .

Each sub-system of the model was given a decimal code so that an audit trail could be established for the subsequent detailed analysis .
each sub-system of the model was given a decimal code so that an [check] trail could be established for the subsequent detailed analysis .

Procedure Audit
procedure [check]

Procedure Audit can be used to examine and review any of these , not as a financial tool or a means of apportioning blame for failure , but as a device for assessing the effectiveness of a procedure and the efficient use of associated resources .
procedure [check] can be used to examine and review any of these , not as a financial tool or a means of apportioning blame for failure , but as a device for assessing the effectiveness of a procedure and the efficient use of associated resources .

The Rationale of Procedure Audit
the rationale of procedure [check]

These concepts are utilised in the Procedure Audit process to determine measures of success from a specified point of view , as agreed by the person responsible for the procedure and its continued existence , which in practical terms is generally the person who can authorise changes to be made .
these concepts are utilised in the procedure [check] process to determine measures of success from a specified point of view , as agreed by the person responsible for the procedure and its continued existence , which in practical terms is generally the person who can authorise changes to be made .

Procedure Audit and Conceptual Modelling
procedure [check] and conceptual modelling

It is important , therefore , that all the circumstances are considered during a Procedure Audit , including peoples ' views of problems and potential solutions .
it is important , therefore , that all the circumstances are considered during a procedure [check] , including peoples ' views of problems and potential solutions .

The Practice of Procedure Audit
the practice of procedure [check]

The first step toward putting these ideas into practice is to gain a commitment from the client organisation to establish and support the audit mechanism , and where changes are warranted , to make these changes effective .
the first step toward putting these ideas into practice is to gain a commitment from the client organisation to establish and support the [check] mechanism , and where changes are warranted , to make these changes effective .

The extent to which this is required , and the difficulty in achieving it , will depend on the level of procedure that the audit is directed at .
the extent to which this is required , and the difficulty in achieving it , will depend on the level of procedure that the [check] is directed at .

The audit is essentially aimed at identifying and rectifying procedural flaws , and not at the individual 's performance , although realistically this may feature when considering efficiency aspects at a later stage .
the [check] is essentially aimed at identifying and rectifying procedural flaws , and not at the individual 's performance , although realistically this may feature when considering efficiency aspects at a later stage .

Different viewpoints lead to different models which , in turn require different measures of performance , and it is necessary to ensure that the model used as the basis for the audit is one that reflects the organisation 's needs in relation to the procedure .
different viewpoints lead to different models which , in turn require different measures of performance , and it is necessary to ensure that the model used as the basis for the [check] is one that reflects the organisation 's needs in relation to the procedure .

Any deviation from this in practice would be taken as a constraint , the analysis having revealed where such constraints are necessary so they can be taken into account when carrying out the audit .
any deviation from this in practice would be taken as a constraint , the analysis having revealed where such constraints are necessary so they can be taken into account when carrying out the [check] .

If the changes revealed by this comparison have not been made prior to the audit commencing , this could be the reason for the failure to meet the target levels of attainment .
if the changes revealed by this comparison have not been made prior to the [check] commencing , this could be the reason for the failure to meet the target levels of attainment .

The final stage is to communicate the findings of the audit to the procedure owner , to allow decisions to be made about the action to be taken .
the final stage is to communicate the findings of the [check] to the procedure owner , to allow decisions to be made about the action to be taken .

To improve the presentation of results a Procedure Audit Report may be devised , listing the purpose and objectives of the procedure , the nested activities and required resources , the performance indicators and desirable target levels , and the results of the analysis .
to improve the presentation of results a procedure [check] report may be devised , listing the purpose and objectives of the procedure , the nested activities and required resources , the performance indicators and desirable target levels , and the results of the analysis .

The distinction , nonetheless , needs to be made , so that the aim of Procedure Audit is properly understood , ie to identify levels of disorder within procedures .
the distinction , nonetheless , needs to be made , so that the aim of procedure [check] is properly understood , ie to identify levels of disorder within procedures .

Procedure Audit — An Example Application
procedure [check] — an example application

To provide a summary of these stages , and give an example of how Procedure Audit might work in practice , consider typical procedures for claiming travel and other expenses in a small section of a large organisation . This process frequently comprises the following steps :
to provide a summary of these stages , and give an example of how procedure [check] might work in practice , consider typical procedures for claiming travel and other expenses in a small section of a large organisation . this process frequently comprises the following steps :

Establishing the Audit Criteria
establishing the [check] criteria

For this simplistic example , it can be assumed that these are readily available , and no adjustment of the resources is needed before the audit process can start .
for this simplistic example , it can be assumed that these are readily available , and no adjustment of the resources is needed before the [check] process can start .

To test this particular application of Procedure Audit , a monitoring process was established in a section of thirty persons , and the administrative assistant briefed to record the number of queries referred back over a period of two months .
to test this particular application of procedure [check] , a monitoring process was established in a section of thirty persons , and the administrative assistant briefed to record the number of queries referred back over a period of two months .

However , the exercise highlighted the value of the Procedure Audit approach for not only identifying procedural flaws , but also for encouraging the commitment of staff to making improvements effective .
however , the exercise highlighted the value of the procedure [check] approach for not only identifying procedural flaws , but also for encouraging the commitment of staff to making improvements effective .

To maintain links between the main model and the outputs of the expansion , an ‘ audit trail ’ should be established by numbering each component of the model in thumb , then extending the numbers on a decimal basis as the expansion progresses .
to maintain links between the main model and the outputs of the expansion , an ‘ [check] trail ’ should be established by numbering each component of the model in thumb , then extending the numbers on a decimal basis as the expansion progresses .

The main means provided to DHAs to effect these changes are contracts for services between DHAs and suppliers ; reimbursement formulas based on resident populations ; resource management systems which align responsibility for incurring expenditure for its management more closely and provide information on costs of different activities ; and medical audit .
the main means provided to dhas to effect these changes are contracts for services between dhas and suppliers ; reimbursement formulas based on resident populations ; resource management systems which align responsibility for incurring expenditure for its management more closely and provide information on costs of different activities ; and medical [check] .

In addition , it provides the logical level at which to undertake quality assessment , audit and utilisation review activities .
in addition , it provides the logical level at which to undertake quality assessment , [check] and utilisation review activities .

We accept figures for newspaper circulations because they come from the independent Audit Bureau of Circulation .
we accept figures for newspaper circulations because they come from the independent [check] bureau of circulation .

As serious partnership activities are put into practice , there is a growing need for an annual programme and audit of activity , so that the quality of experience offered to students each year is maintained as planning and organisations are renewed .
as serious partnership activities are put into practice , there is a growing need for an annual programme and [check] of activity , so that the quality of experience offered to students each year is maintained as planning and organisations are renewed .

It seems essential that a curriculum and resources audit is carried out annually .
it seems essential that a curriculum and resources [check] is carried out annually .

It will consider school , local and national developments so that when discussion of future plans takes place it is done with full knowledge of the school audit and national and local priorities beyond .
it will consider school , local and national developments so that when discussion of future plans takes place it is done with full knowledge of the school [check] and national and local priorities beyond .

This can be a good opportunity to take an audit of staff skills and qualifications .
this can be a good opportunity to take an [check] of staff skills and qualifications .

Many teachers are not teaching the subjects for which they originally qualified and the audit can reveal other hidden skills and talents .
many teachers are not teaching the subjects for which they originally qualified and the [check] can reveal other hidden skills and talents .

The Audit Commission has become increasingly influential over education policy .
the [check] commission has become increasingly influential over education policy .

The starting point , or ‘ Audit ’ , may seem like a dispassionate fact-gathering exercise to decide ‘ where are we now ? ’ but deciding what to include and how to describe it will inevitably lead to debate over what constitutes the main priorities and what areas are succeeding or failing : these are evaluation issues .
the starting point , or ‘ [check] ’ , may seem like a dispassionate fact-gathering exercise to decide ‘ where are we now ? ’ but deciding what to include and how to describe it will inevitably lead to debate over what constitutes the main priorities and what areas are succeeding or failing : these are evaluation issues .

During the audit stage of the School Development Plan , they may suggest areas that are in danger of being overlooked ; if expectations are too low they may find tactful ways to remedy this .
during the [check] stage of the school development plan , they may suggest areas that are in danger of being overlooked ; if expectations are too low they may find tactful ways to remedy this .

Cambridgeshire and Solihull , however , were cited as examples of good practice by the Audit Commission in 1986 .
cambridgeshire and solihull , however , were cited as examples of good practice by the [check] commission in 1986 .

If the one-tier board structure were used , then the executive directors would ‘ manage ’ and the non-executive directors would ‘ supervise ’ ; to some extent , the boards of UK-listed companies are already moving towards this division , albeit not on a prescribed legal basis , with the establishment of audit committees of non-executive directors to whom the auditors report any matter of concern in the company 's draft accounts , and with the determination of the remuneration of executive directors by a committee of non-executive directors , who also deal with ethical matters and conflicts of interest .
if the one-tier board structure were used , then the executive directors would ‘ manage ’ and the non-executive directors would ‘ supervise ’ ; to some extent , the boards of uk-listed companies are already moving towards this division , albeit not on a prescribed legal basis , with the establishment of [check] committees of non-executive directors to whom the auditors report any matter of concern in the company 's draft accounts , and with the determination of the remuneration of executive directors by a committee of non-executive directors , who also deal with ethical matters and conflicts of interest .

For the longer term , it is worth noting that a number of the member states have a more independent system of audit , under which a company 's accounts are audited , not by its own accountants , but by auditors who primarily owe a public interest duty .
for the longer term , it is worth noting that a number of the member states have a more independent system of [check] , under which a company 's accounts are audited , not by its own accountants , but by auditors who primarily owe a public interest duty .

The biggest single change you can make in your lifestyle is to do a personal food and drink audit — an awareness audit of what you eat and drink .
the biggest single change you can make in your lifestyle is to do a personal food and drink [check] — an awareness [check] of what you eat and drink .

Using the personal food and drink audit we should be seeking a new balance in our diet that will provide us with all the essential nutrients that our bodies need .
using the personal food and drink [check] we should be seeking a new balance in our diet that will provide us with all the essential nutrients that our bodies need .

Using the personal food and drink audit , Walking Dieters will be provided with all the essential nutrients that they need .
using the personal food and drink [check] , walking dieters will be provided with all the essential nutrients that they need .

Water has already been covered in the audit ; fats , proteins and carbohydrates are covered below in the section ‘ Where to Begin ' .
water has already been covered in the [check] ; fats , proteins and carbohydrates are covered below in the section ‘ where to begin ' .

Other refined carbohydrates , such as white flour and white rice , like sugar , have been stripped of most of their vitamins , minerals and fibre content and should be replaced with unrefined staple foods such as listed in the Personal Food Audit .
other refined carbohydrates , such as white flour and white rice , like sugar , have been stripped of most of their vitamins , minerals and fibre content and should be replaced with unrefined staple foods such as listed in the personal food [check] .

Test audit
test [check]

This allows for the recording of test and repair information combined with a printed audit of all repair actions on satisfactory test completion .
this allows for the recording of test and repair information combined with a printed [check] of all repair actions on satisfactory test completion .

The British Association for the Advancement of Science and the Technical Change Centre are trying to produce a national ‘ science audit ’ .
the british association for the advancement of science and the technical change centre are trying to produce a national ‘ science [check] ’ .

The company structure introduces the statutory requirement for an audit and the concept of directors ' liability even though they may not be shareholders .
the company structure introduces the statutory requirement for an [check] and the concept of directors ' liability even though they may not be shareholders .

is an annual audit needed ?
is an annual [check] needed ?

The Commission is proposing a ‘ welcome audit ’ that will assess the friendliness of country venues , and a new database of countryside activities for libraries and tourist information centres .
the commission is proposing a ‘ welcome [check] ’ that will assess the friendliness of country venues , and a new database of countryside activities for libraries and tourist information centres .

When an audit showed money was missing from the hotel , 45-year-old Sandra Walker told police she knew but ‘ covered the loss ’ in the books ‘ in the hope of catching the thief when he stole again ’ , Guildford Brown Court heard on Friday .
when an [check] showed money was missing from the hotel , 45-year-old sandra walker told police she knew but ‘ covered the loss ’ in the books ‘ in the hope of catching the thief when he stole again ’ , guildford brown court heard on friday .

The International Chamber of Commerce provides an independent definition of what an environmental audit is :
the international chamber of commerce provides an independent definition of what an environmental [check] is :

Many different types of audit have evolved to meet industry 's varying needs .
many different types of [check] have evolved to meet industry 's varying needs .

Failure to carry out an audit and provide a verified environmental statement as specified in the company 's environmental audit programme will lead to deregistration .
failure to carry out an [check] and provide a verified environmental statement as specified in the company 's environmental [check] programme will lead to deregistration .

The indication so far is that companies will follow a comprehensive site audit with regular spot checks , but leave between two and four years before carrying out a further full audit .
the indication so far is that companies will follow a comprehensive site [check] with regular spot checks , but leave between two and four years before carrying out a further full [check] .

There are those who remain unconvinced of the benefits of a good environmental audit , arguing that the process is nothing more than a shallow , expensive public relations exercise .
there are those who remain unconvinced of the benefits of a good environmental [check] , arguing that the process is nothing more than a shallow , expensive public relations exercise .

If the recommendations of a good audit are adopted this can bring real benefits to your company in terms of reduced discharges , lower energy bills , improved market share due to product differentiation , and increased ability to attract and retain staff .
if the recommendations of a good [check] are adopted this can bring real benefits to your company in terms of reduced discharges , lower energy bills , improved market share due to product differentiation , and increased ability to attract and retain staff .

a public practitioner , providing audit , accountancy and taxation services to a variety of business enterprises and individuals ;
a public practitioner , providing [check] , accountancy and taxation services to a variety of business enterprises and individuals ;

The full operations and defects of this approach have been explored elsewhere , both in relation to current expenditure ( Audit Commission , 1984 ; Travers , 1985 , 1987 ) and capital expenditure ( Jackson , 1984 ; Davies , 1987 ) .
the full operations and defects of this approach have been explored elsewhere , both in relation to current expenditure ( [check] commission , 1984 ; travers , 1985 , 1987 ) and capital expenditure ( jackson , 1984 ; davies , 1987 ) .

One problem that had consistently undermined the Urban Programme was its lack of objective definition ( National Audit Office , 1986 ) .
one problem that had consistently undermined the urban programme was its lack of objective definition ( national [check] office , 1986 ) .

The National Audit Office ( 1986 ) and the House of Commons Committee of Public Accounts ( 1986a ) have produced their own evaluations .
the national [check] office ( 1986 ) and the house of commons committee of public accounts ( 1986a ) have produced their own evaluations .

This point was emphasized in late 1988 , when a National Audit Office review of Derelict Land Grant concluded that growth in derelictions was outstripping efforts to bring such land back into use with or without grant ( National Audit Office , 1988a ) .
this point was emphasized in late 1988 , when a national [check] office review of derelict land grant concluded that growth in derelictions was outstripping efforts to bring such land back into use with or without grant ( national [check] office , 1988a ) .

On the other hand , there have been problems , such that in 1988 the National Audit Office could argue ( pp .
on the other hand , there have been problems , such that in 1988 the national [check] office could argue ( pp .

We broke new ground by using information technology to manage our business together , instead of just to audit it . ”
we broke new ground by using information technology to manage our business together , instead of just to [check] it . ”

Of course , the one tax concept that we all understand is an audit .
of course , the one tax concept that we all understand is an [check] .

A Legal Services Corp. audit in 1999 found 45 duplicate case files in a random sample of 400 cases .
a legal services corp. [check] in 1999 found 45 duplicate case files in a random sample of 400 cases .

Detecting hazardous drinking in the absence of dependence can be accomplished by asking several questions about quantity and frequency of use ( e.g. , using the first three questions of the AUDIT ) , which are easily memorized.23,24 Lack of knowledge , rather than lack of time , is a more likely explanation for failure to screen .
detecting hazardous drinking in the absence of dependence can be accomplished by asking several questions about quantity and frequency of use ( e.g. , using the first three questions of the [check] ) , which are easily memorized.23,24 lack of knowledge , rather than lack of time , is a more likely explanation for failure to screen .

Development of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test ( AUDIT ) .
development of the alcohol use disorders identification test ( [check] ) .

He suggested that National Alcohol Screening Day , an NIAAA-sponsored event , is an opportunity for EDs in many institutions to collaborate in evaluating the AUDIT screening instrument in the ED .
he suggested that national alcohol screening day , an niaaa-sponsored event , is an opportunity for eds in many institutions to collaborate in evaluating the [check] screening instrument in the ed .

He noted that he prefers the AUDIT .
he noted that he prefers the [check] .

WHO developed the AUDIT ( Alcohol Use Disorder Identification Test ) in 1992 as a brief screening tool to detect at-risk drinking in addition to alcohol abuse and dependence .
who developed the [check] ( alcohol use disorder identification test ) in 1992 as a brief screening tool to detect at-risk drinking in addition to alcohol abuse and dependence .

AUDIT has 10 questions .
[check] has 10 questions .

AUDIT takes 4 to 8 minutes to administer.31,32 Several screens have been developed for pregnant women .
[check] takes 4 to 8 minutes to administer.31,32 several screens have been developed for pregnant women .

Cherpitel screened an ED population with questions from CAGE , BMAST , AUDIT , and TWEAK .
cherpitel screened an ed population with questions from cage , bmast , [check] , and tweak .

In the first study , TWEAK and AUDIT were most sensitive , identifying 84 % and 81 % of patients , respectively , with an ICD-10 diagnosis of alcohol dependence.7 In the second study , RAPS and AUDIT were more sensitive than TWEAK and CAGE , identifying 79 % and 78 % compared with 72 % and 71 % , respectively , of patients with an ICD-10 or DSM-IV diagnosis of alcohol dependence , harmful drinking , or abuse.5,36 Soderstrom has compared multiple screening tests in a trauma center .
in the first study , tweak and [check] were most sensitive , identifying 84 % and 81 % of patients , respectively , with an icd-10 diagnosis of alcohol dependence.7 in the second study , raps and [check] were more sensitive than tweak and cage , identifying 79 % and 78 % compared with 72 % and 71 % , respectively , of patients with an icd-10 or dsm-iv diagnosis of alcohol dependence , harmful drinking , or abuse.5,36 soderstrom has compared multiple screening tests in a trauma center .

For at-risk , hazardous , or harmful drinking , AUDIT was found most effective with sensitivities of 51 % to 97 % .
for at-risk , hazardous , or harmful drinking , [check] was found most effective with sensitivities of 51 % to 97 % .

As expected , CAGE and AUDIT performed best within the spectrum of alcohol use they were developed to explore.38 Screening biases Cherpitel analyzed variability of test performance in subgroups of ED patients.39 In her first ED study , CAGE , BMAST , AUDIT , and TWEAK were less sensitive among females , whites , and non-injured patients .
as expected , cage and [check] performed best within the spectrum of alcohol use they were developed to explore.38 screening biases cherpitel analyzed variability of test performance in subgroups of ed patients.39 in her first ed study , cage , bmast , [check] , and tweak were less sensitive among females , whites , and non-injured patients .

In her second ED study with Hispanic patients , CAGE , BMAST , AUDIT , TWEAK , and RAPS were less sensitive in females , patients with less acculturation , and non-dependent drinkers.36 Lowering the cut point on these screening instruments improved sensitivity without loss of specificity among females .
in her second ed study with hispanic patients , cage , bmast , [check] , tweak , and raps were less sensitive in females , patients with less acculturation , and non-dependent drinkers.36 lowering the cut point on these screening instruments improved sensitivity without loss of specificity among females .

CAGE , AUDIT , and TWEAK were the best tests for alcohol dependence among women .
cage , [check] , and tweak were the best tests for alcohol dependence among women .

TWEAK per-formed better than CAGE or AUDIT among white women .
tweak per-formed better than cage or [check] among white women .

CAGE and AUDIT had low sensitivities ( 59 % and 48 % respectively ) for alcohol dependence among white women .
cage and [check] had low sensitivities ( 59 % and 48 % respectively ) for alcohol dependence among white women .

One study found that only one-third of intoxicated drivers had an alcohol use disorder.43 In an ED study , BAC was a poor screen for alcohol abuse or dependence with a sensitivity of 20 % , less sensitive than self-reported drinking.7 In another ED study , a saliva alcohol level equivalent to a BAC greater than 0.10 g/dl in an injured patient identified harmful drinkers ( AUDIT > 8 ) with a sensitivity of 65 % .44 In one trauma center , BAC had a sensitivity of 63 % for an alcohol disorder.5 Other biochemical markers such as mean corpuscular volume , platelet count , liver enzymes , gamma-glutamyltransferase ( GGT ) , aspartate aminotransferase ( AST ) , alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) , and carbohydrate deficient transferrin ( CDT ) perform poorly with sensitivities of 13 % to 67 % for alcohol use disorders or problematic con-sumption.45-50 Biochemical tests other than BAC may have use in settings other than an ED , but they offer little as screening tests for ED patients .
one study found that only one-third of intoxicated drivers had an alcohol use disorder.43 in an ed study , bac was a poor screen for alcohol abuse or dependence with a sensitivity of 20 % , less sensitive than self-reported drinking.7 in another ed study , a saliva alcohol level equivalent to a bac greater than 0.10 g/dl in an injured patient identified harmful drinkers ( [check] > 8 ) with a sensitivity of 65 % .44 in one trauma center , bac had a sensitivity of 63 % for an alcohol disorder.5 other biochemical markers such as mean corpuscular volume , platelet count , liver enzymes , gamma-glutamyltransferase ( ggt ) , aspartate aminotransferase ( ast ) , alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) , and carbohydrate deficient transferrin ( cdt ) perform poorly with sensitivities of 13 % to 67 % for alcohol use disorders or problematic con-sumption.45-50 biochemical tests other than bac may have use in settings other than an ed , but they offer little as screening tests for ed patients .

Further evaluation should be performed of lower cut points for TWEAK , CAGE , and AUDIT .
further evaluation should be performed of lower cut points for tweak , cage , and [check] .

Trials should be conducted starting with other or no opening questions , using other consumption questions such as those in AUDIT , using other screens such as TWEAK rather than CAGE , changing the sequence to CAGE or TWEAK followed by consumption questions , and checking BAC at the beginning or end of the protocol .
trials should be conducted starting with other or no opening questions , using other consumption questions such as those in [check] , using other screens such as tweak rather than cage , changing the sequence to cage or tweak followed by consumption questions , and checking bac at the beginning or end of the protocol .

A screening with the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test ( AUDIT ) in an inner-city population .
a screening with the alcohol use disorders identification test ( [check] ) in an inner-city population .

Saunders J , Aasland O , Babor T , De La Fuente J , Grant M. Development of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test ( AUDIT ) .
saunders j , aasland o , babor t , de la fuente j , grant m. development of the alcohol use disorders identification test ( [check] ) .

He found that screening with a low cut point on the AUDIT identified more people with severe alcohol problems and alcohol dependence than did not using a uniform screening method .
he found that screening with a low cut point on the [check] identified more people with severe alcohol problems and alcohol dependence than did not using a uniform screening method .

In particular , these taxpayers-including individuals and businesses- were not to be audited for prior tax years before the end of March 2002 , if such an audit was necessary .
in particular , these taxpayers-including individuals and businesses- were not to be audited for prior tax years before the end of march 2002 , if such an [check] was necessary .

In fact , U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) data disclosed that until 2001 , Andersen generally had a lower rate of earnings restatements for its public company audit clients than did other major accounting firms .
in fact , u.s. securities and exchange commission ( sec ) data disclosed that until 2001 , andersen generally had a lower rate of earnings restatements for its public company [check] clients than did other major accounting firms .

In addition , while Andersen had certain unusual audit related policies and practices that were not widely known by its partners and may not be shared by many other firms , it was hardly a rogue firm in the profession and any assertions to the contrary are not only inaccurate but also inappropriate .
in addition , while andersen had certain unusual [check] related policies and practices that were not widely known by its partners and may not be shared by many other firms , it was hardly a rogue firm in the profession and any assertions to the contrary are not only inaccurate but also inappropriate .

Yes , audit committees of the board interact with and recommend which audit firm to retain for approval by the shareholders .
yes , [check] committees of the board interact with and recommend which [check] firm to retain for approval by the shareholders .

More also needs to be done to address the continuing `` expectations gap '' regarding what auditors are doing in connection with the detection of fraud and internal controls , and to audit through electronic information systems rather than around them .
more also needs to be done to address the continuing `` expectations gap '' regarding what auditors are doing in connection with the detection of fraud and internal controls , and to [check] through electronic information systems rather than around them .

It 's important to enhance the scope and timing of any related audit reports , but it 's also important to ensure that firms are both qualified and independent to perform such audits .
it 's important to enhance the scope and timing of any related [check] reports , but it 's also important to ensure that firms are both qualified and independent to perform such audits .

In my view , current AICPA independence standards do not adequately ensure the independence of auditors who provide certain non-audit or consulting services to their audit clients .
in my view , current aicpa independence standards do not adequately ensure the independence of auditors who provide certain non-audit or consulting services to their [check] clients .

As a result , the GAO issued new independence standards applicable to audits of federal departments and agencies and entities that receive federal funds , and the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation limited the ability of auditors of public companies to perform certain non-audit services for their audit clients .
as a result , the gao issued new independence standards applicable to audits of federal departments and agencies and entities that receive federal funds , and the sarbanes-oxley legislation limited the ability of auditors of public companies to perform certain non-audit services for their [check] clients .

In my view , auditors should able to provide some consulting services to their audit clients , but there are certain services that would clearly be inappropriate for them to provide .
in my view , auditors should able to provide some consulting services to their [check] clients , but there are certain services that would clearly be inappropriate for them to provide .

Second , auditors should not audit their own work when the work involved is material to the subject matter of the audit .
second , auditors should not [check] their own work when the work involved is material to the subject matter of the [check] .

We also need to take this type of approach in connection with key accounting/reporting and audit issues .
we also need to take this type of approach in connection with key accounting/reporting and [check] issues .

One example of this is in connection with what type of non-audit or consulting services that outside audit firms can provide to their audit clients and still maintain their independence .
one example of this is in connection with what type of non-audit or consulting services that outside [check] firms can provide to their [check] clients and still maintain their independence .

The New York Stock Exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters ; boards and audit committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously ; the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for SPEs and stock options ; the AICPA has issued a new fraud detection audit standard and is beginning to assess the need for other enhanced attest and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace ; the U.S. Congress has passed the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation which included establishment of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) , tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies , and independent funding sources for the PCAOB and the FASB ; the SEC has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the PCAOB ; various U.S .
the new york stock exchange is moving to adopt certain changes in its listing requirements relating to governance matters ; boards and [check] committees are taking their related responsibilities much more seriously ; the financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) is exploring a principles-based approach to accounting standards and is reconsidering the current accounting and reporting treatment for spes and stock options ; the aicpa has issued a new fraud detection [check] standard and is beginning to assess the need for other enhanced attest and assurance standards but it clearly needs to pick up the pace ; the u.s. congress has passed the sarbanes-oxley legislation which included establishment of the public company accounting oversight board ( pcaob ) , tougher independence standards for auditors of public companies , and independent funding sources for the pcaob and the fasb ; the sec has taken a number of regulatory and enforcement actions and made initial appointments to the pcaob ; various u.s .

In addition to these actions , GAO has voluntarily decided to express an opinion on internal controls and key compliance issues in connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the U.S. Government and various other federal entities .
in addition to these actions , gao has voluntarily decided to express an opinion on internal controls and key compliance issues in connection with our [check] of the consolidated financial statements of the u.s. government and various other federal entities .

While many agencies have made great strides toward generating more accurate and reliable annual financial statements , the process of preparing financial statements and subjecting them to independent audit is only the first step toward satisfying the requirements of the legislation .
while many agencies have made great strides toward generating more accurate and reliable annual financial statements , the process of preparing financial statements and subjecting them to independent [check] is only the first step toward satisfying the requirements of the legislation .

To reap the full benefits of financial reform , federal finance organizations must go beyond the audit opinion toward ( 1 ) establishing seamless systems and processes , ( 2 ) routinely generating reliable cost and performance information and analysis , ( 3 ) undertaking other valueadded activities that support strategic decisionmaking and mission performance , and ( 4 ) building a finance team that supports the agency 's mission and goals .
to reap the full benefits of financial reform , federal finance organizations must go beyond the [check] opinion toward ( 1 ) establishing seamless systems and processes , ( 2 ) routinely generating reliable cost and performance information and analysis , ( 3 ) undertaking other valueadded activities that support strategic decisionmaking and mission performance , and ( 4 ) building a finance team that supports the agency 's mission and goals .

The private sector and state organizations we visited built and maintained this foundation largely through the discipline of preparing routine periodic financial statements and annually subjecting them to an independent audit .
the private sector and state organizations we visited built and maintained this foundation largely through the discipline of preparing routine periodic financial statements and annually subjecting them to an independent [check] .

To ensure that decisionmakers have useful , relevant , timely , and reliable information , leading finance organizations establish accountability goals that extend well beyond receiving an unqualified audit opinion .
to ensure that decisionmakers have useful , relevant , timely , and reliable information , leading finance organizations establish accountability goals that extend well beyond receiving an unqualified [check] opinion .

Commonwealth of Virginia To build a foundation of control and accountability , senior government leaders in the Commonwealth of Virginia had clear goals and objectives that went beyond receiving an unqualified audit opinion .
commonwealth of virginia to build a foundation of control and accountability , senior government leaders in the commonwealth of virginia had clear goals and objectives that went beyond receiving an unqualified [check] opinion .

With the passage of the Single Audit Act in 1984 , the Commonwealth of Virginia had to produce and have audited Comprehensive Annual Financial Reports ( CAFR ) for the first time .
with the passage of the single [check] act in 1984 , the commonwealth of virginia had to produce and have audited comprehensive annual financial reports ( cafr ) for the first time .

By subjecting all state agencies to the rigorous discipline of preparing financial reports and having them audited , the Comptroller increased accountability for data accuracy beyond that required to receive an unqualified audit opinion .
by subjecting all state agencies to the rigorous discipline of preparing financial reports and having them audited , the comptroller increased accountability for data accuracy beyond that required to receive an unqualified [check] opinion .

However , an unqualified audit opinion by itself does not ensure that the information needed to measure and manage performance is useful , relevant , timely , or reliable .
however , an unqualified [check] opinion by itself does not ensure that the information needed to measure and manage performance is useful , relevant , timely , or reliable .

To achieve this goal , he directed the head of each agency without an unqualified audit opinion to submit to the OMB ( 1 ) an initial plan for resolving financial reporting deficiencies and ( 2 ) quarterly progress reports for achieving the goal .
to achieve this goal , he directed the head of each agency without an unqualified [check] opinion to submit to the omb ( 1 ) an initial plan for resolving financial reporting deficiencies and ( 2 ) quarterly progress reports for achieving the goal .

GE 's finance organization has used these tools and strategies to facilitate improvement initiatives , ranging from organizational restructuring to changing the role of the internal audit function .
ge 's finance organization has used these tools and strategies to facilitate improvement initiatives , ranging from organizational restructuring to changing the role of the internal [check] function .

AuditNet- www.auditnet.org This site provides information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the audit profession , including audit programs , best practices , and research services .
auditnet- www.auditnet.org this site provides information links , tools , and resources developed for the benefit of the [check] profession , including [check] programs , best practices , and research services .

The Institute of Internal Auditors-www.theiia.org For IIA members who are internal auditing practitioners , executive management , boards of directors , or audit committees , this site provides standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices .
the institute of internal auditors-www.theiia.org for iia members who are internal auditing practitioners , executive management , boards of directors , or [check] committees , this site provides standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices .

Top-level interest in the amount of improper payments at the organizations that participated in our study often resulted from program , audit , and/or media reports of misspent funds or fraudulent activities .
top-level interest in the amount of improper payments at the organizations that participated in our study often resulted from program , [check] , and/or media reports of misspent funds or fraudulent activities .

However , in recent years , internal and external audit reports showed that Centrelink had , to some extent , traded quality for timeliness .
however , in recent years , internal and external [check] reports showed that centrelink had , to some extent , traded quality for timeliness .

In an early effort using data mining software , IDPA OIG , as part of a partnership audit with HHS OIG , identified 232 hospital transfers that are believed to have been miscoded as discharges , creating a potential overpayment of $ 1.7 million .
in an early effort using data mining software , idpa oig , as part of a partnership [check] with hhs oig , identified 232 hospital transfers that are believed to have been miscoded as discharges , creating a potential overpayment of $ 1.7 million .

Some entities use their employees to analyze their payment records while others contract with recovery audit firms for the work .
some entities use their employees to analyze their payment records while others contract with recovery [check] firms for the work .

For example , during our visit , it identified and avoided a duplicate payment of $ 136,000 from the reports generated by the recovery audit A private sector companyrecovered $ 8 million in improper payments as a result of a recovery audit .
for example , during our visit , it identified and avoided a duplicate payment of $ 136,000 from the reports generated by the recovery [check] a private sector companyrecovered $ 8 million in improper payments as a result of a recovery [check] .

Another advantage of the recovery audit services used by the company is that the software identifies the employees who are making processing errors so that the company can take appropriate counseling and training action .
another advantage of the recovery [check] services used by the company is that the software identifies the employees who are making processing errors so that the company can take appropriate counseling and training action .

The recovery audit review of these invoices identified about $ 5 million in potential overpayments and resulted in actions to recover these funds , where appropriate .
the recovery [check] review of these invoices identified about $ 5 million in potential overpayments and resulted in actions to recover these funds , where appropriate .

In addition , the company is now preparing to enter an agreement with the recovery audit contractor under which the recovery auditing software will be installed in the company 's system , allowing its staff to perform the recovery audit function-even as part of the prepayment process .
in addition , the company is now preparing to enter an agreement with the recovery [check] contractor under which the recovery auditing software will be installed in the company 's system , allowing its staff to perform the recovery [check] function-even as part of the prepayment process .

For example , the Department of Veterans Affairs ' ( VA ) Financial Services Center ( FSC ) in Austin , Texas , had contracted with recovery audit firms in the past , but now performs recovery auditing in-house using about three full-time employees to administer the program and one employee for software development .
for example , the department of veterans affairs ' ( va ) financial services center ( fsc ) in austin , texas , had contracted with recovery [check] firms in the past , but now performs recovery auditing in-house using about three full-time employees to administer the program and one employee for software development .

As a result , a Contract Review and Evaluation Division was established to provide audit and advisory services related to contracts awarded by contracting officers in VA 's Office of Acquisition and Materiel Management .
as a result , a contract review and evaluation division was established to provide [check] and advisory services related to contracts awarded by contracting officers in va 's office of acquisition and materiel management .

In addition , the National Audit Office ( NAO ) in the United Kingdom uses the review results in its annual audits of DWP 's financial statements .
in addition , the national [check] office ( nao ) in the united kingdom uses the review results in its annual audits of dwp 's financial statements .

The auditing standards issued by the United Kingdom 's Audit Practices Board require NAO to plan and perform its audits to provide for reasonable assurance that the financial statements are `` free from material misstatement , whether caused by error , or by fraud or other irregularity . ''
the auditing standards issued by the united kingdom 's [check] practices board require nao to plan and perform its audits to provide for reasonable assurance that the financial statements are `` free from material misstatement , whether caused by error , or by fraud or other irregularity . ''

Once we identified potential participants , we conducted extensive Internet searches of their Web sites and reviewed entity and GAO audit reports and other documents to obtain background and other information for potential best practice efforts .
once we identified potential participants , we conducted extensive internet searches of their web sites and reviewed entity and gao [check] reports and other documents to obtain background and other information for potential best practice efforts .

The government services provided by the agencies range from providing audit oversight and tax collection activities to benefit administration and benefit payments .
the government services provided by the agencies range from providing [check] oversight and tax collection activities to benefit administration and benefit payments .

National Audit Office The National Audit Office ( NAO ) scrutinizes public spending on behalf of Parliament .
national [check] office the national [check] office ( nao ) scrutinizes public spending on behalf of parliament .

The Australian National Audit Office ( ANAO ) is a specialist public sector entity providing a full range of audit services to Parliament and Commonwealth public sector agencies and statutory bodies .
the australian national [check] office ( anao ) is a specialist public sector entity providing a full range of [check] services to parliament and commonwealth public sector agencies and statutory bodies .

ANAO 's site includes links to its various publications , including its audit reports and better practice guides .
anao 's site includes links to its various publications , including its [check] reports and better practice guides .

Since then , audit reports have continued to identify widespread information security weaknesses that place critical federal operations and assets at risk .
since then , [check] reports have continued to identify widespread information security weaknesses that place critical federal operations and assets at risk .

In September 1996 , we reported that audit reports and agency selfassessments issued during the previous 2 years showed that weak information security was a widespread problem.1 Specifically , weaknesses such as poor controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses , inappropriate disclosures , and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs .
in september 1996 , we reported that [check] reports and agency selfassessments issued during the previous 2 years showed that weak information security was a widespread problem.1 specifically , weaknesses such as poor controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses , inappropriate disclosures , and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs .

Exploring Practices of Leading Organizations To supplement our ongoing audit work at federal agencies and gain a broader understanding of how information security programs can be successfully implemented , we studied the management practices of eight nonfederal Appendix II lists the principles identified in NIST 's Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems , September 1996 .
exploring practices of leading organizations to supplement our ongoing [check] work at federal agencies and gain a broader understanding of how information security programs can be successfully implemented , we studied the management practices of eight nonfederal appendix ii lists the principles identified in nist 's generally accepted principles and practices for securing information technology systems , september 1996 .

We focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .
we focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous [check] work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .

For example , in addition to their own organization 's experience , they noted that information on threats , specific software vulnerabilities , and potential damage was widely available in technical literature , security bulletins from organizations such as the Carnegie-Mellon Computer Emergency Response Team ( CERT ) , surveys done by professional associations and audit firms , and discussion groups .
for example , in addition to their own organization 's experience , they noted that information on threats , specific software vulnerabilities , and potential damage was widely available in technical literature , security bulletins from organizations such as the carnegie-mellon computer emergency response team ( cert ) , surveys done by professional associations and [check] firms , and discussion groups .

This document is then signed by the senior business manager and technical expert participating and copies are made available to all participant groups and to the internal auditors , who may later audit the effectiveness of the agreed upon controls .
this document is then signed by the senior business manager and technical expert participating and copies are made available to all participant groups and to the internal auditors , who may later [check] the effectiveness of the agreed upon controls .

However , the university had established an information security policy committee that included top university officials , legal counsel , and representatives from student affairs , faculty affairs , and internal audit to assist in the development and review of policies .
however , the university had established an information security policy committee that included top university officials , legal counsel , and representatives from student affairs , faculty affairs , and internal [check] to assist in the development and review of policies .

In these cases , the central security management groups kept track of audit findings related to information security and the organization 's progress in implementing corrective actions .
in these cases , the central security management groups kept track of [check] findings related to information security and the organization 's progress in implementing corrective actions .

Ratings based on audit findings serve as an independent measure of control effectiveness and management awareness .
ratings based on [check] findings serve as an independent measure of control effectiveness and management awareness .

At the start of every audit , the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have deemed necessary and have planned .
at the start of every [check] , the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have deemed necessary and have planned .

After audit work is complete , the auditors compare their findings with management 's original assertions to see if management was generally aware of all of the weaknesses prior to the audit .
after [check] work is complete , the auditors compare their findings with management 's original assertions to see if management was generally aware of all of the weaknesses prior to the [check] .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 [check] ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial [check] : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial [check] : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial [check] : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial [check] : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

Audit requirements for RSSI will be established in a collaborative effort by the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) and the General Accounting Office ( GAO ) .
[check] requirements for rssi will be established in a collaborative effort by the office of management and budget ( omb ) and the general accounting office ( gao ) .

The Board has chosen to call this RSSI to distinguish it from `` required supplementary information '' ( RSI ) , for which audit responsibilities are prescribed in existing professional literature .
the board has chosen to call this rssi to distinguish it from `` required supplementary information '' ( rsi ) , for which [check] responsibilities are prescribed in existing professional literature .

The Board believes that OMB and GAO should establish and cause the implementation of the audit responsibilities for RSSI .
the board believes that omb and gao should establish and cause the implementation of the [check] responsibilities for rssi .

If stewardship information were required to be reported in a note to the basic financial statements , it would be subject to the same level of audit scrutiny as that of the basic financial statements .
if stewardship information were required to be reported in a note to the basic financial statements , it would be subject to the same level of [check] scrutiny as that of the basic financial statements .

Since some of the stewardship information is non-financial , for example , physical units , and other data is based on projections or assumptions , the same degree of audit coverage as that of the basic financial statements for these items may not be appropriate .
since some of the stewardship information is non-financial , for example , physical units , and other data is based on projections or assumptions , the same degree of [check] coverage as that of the basic financial statements for these items may not be appropriate .

Thus reliance on financial records for audit backup would not be feasible .
thus reliance on financial records for [check] backup would not be feasible .

On the other hand , the Board believes that certain stewardship information should receive more audit scrutiny than it would if it were RSI .
on the other hand , the board believes that certain stewardship information should receive more [check] scrutiny than it would if it were rsi .

By developing this new category , it is anticipated that audit standards will be developed to address the specific items in that category .
by developing this new category , it is anticipated that [check] standards will be developed to address the specific items in that category .

Although the Board does not have authority to set audit standards , it established RSSI with the expectation that OMB and GAO will , in collaboration , determine appropriate audit procedures for this information .
although the board does not have authority to set [check] standards , it established rssi with the expectation that omb and gao will , in collaboration , determine appropriate [check] procedures for this information .

The Vice President and his representatives have asserted that GAO lacks the statutory authority to examine the activities of the NEPDG , recognizing only GAO « s authority to audit its financial transactions .
the vice president and his representatives have asserted that gao lacks the statutory authority to examine the activities of the nepdg , recognizing only gao « s authority to [check] its financial transactions .

GAO « s Basic Audit Authority GAO « s basic authority stems from the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921 , which , as discussed below , provides GAO with broad and comprehensive authority to investigate all matters relating to the use of public money .
gao « s basic [check] authority gao « s basic authority stems from the budget and accounting act of 1921 , which , as discussed below , provides gao with broad and comprehensive authority to investigate all matters relating to the use of public money .

The Counsel has asserted that section 712 ( 1 ) limits GAO 's audit authority to financial transactions .
the counsel has asserted that section 712 ( 1 ) limits gao 's [check] authority to financial transactions .

The statute extends GAO « s audit authority to ƒall matters≈ related to the use of public money , not just costs of activities .
the statute extends gao « s [check] authority to ƒall matters≈ related to the use of public money , not just costs of activities .

In fact , GAO has long interpreted its audit authority as encompassing reviews of agency processes .
in fact , gao has long interpreted its [check] authority as encompassing reviews of agency processes .

The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the White House.≈ These included an audit that required GAO to obtain unemployment estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers.17 The Senate report accompanying the 1980 Act explicitly recognized that ƒthe President and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of GAO « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 In order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which GAO could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , Congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .
the principal legislative history accompanying the act16 chronicled the different access problems gao had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the white house.≈ these included an [check] that required gao to obtain unemployment estimates from the council of economic advisers.17 the senate report accompanying the 1980 act explicitly recognized that ƒthe president and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of gao « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 in order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which gao could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .

Preface Computer-processed data , often from external sources , increasingly underpin audit reports , including evaluations ( performance audits ) and financial audits .
preface computer-processed data , often from external sources , increasingly underpin [check] reports , including evaluations ( performance audits ) and financial audits .

In the audit plan for the engagement , you should include a brief discussion of how you plan to assess data reliability , as well as any limitations that may exist due to shortcomings in the data .
in the [check] plan for the engagement , you should include a brief discussion of how you plan to assess data reliability , as well as any limitations that may exist due to shortcomings in the data .

For financial audits , which include financial statement and financial-related audits , you should follow the GAO/PCIE Financial Audit Manual ( FAM ) and the Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual ( FISCAM ) .
for financial audits , which include financial statement and financial-related audits , you should follow the gao/pcie financial [check] manual ( fam ) and the federal information system controls [check] manual ( fiscam ) .

Guidance for carrying out reviews of general and application controls is provided in the U.S. General Accounting Office , Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual , GAO/AIMD-12.19.6 ( Washington , D.C. : Jan. 1999 ) .
guidance for carrying out reviews of general and application controls is provided in the u.s. general accounting office , federal information system controls [check] manual , gao/aimd-12.19.6 ( washington , d.c. : jan. 1999 ) .

The audit plan should reflect data reliability issues and any additional steps that still need to be performed to assess the reliability of critical data .
the [check] plan should reflect data reliability issues and any additional steps that still need to be performed to assess the reliability of critical data .

The engagement team generally should not finalize the audit plan or issue a commitment letter until it has done initial testing and reviewed existing information about the data and the system that produces the data .
the engagement team generally should not finalize the [check] plan or issue a commitment letter until it has done initial testing and reviewed existing information about the data and the system that produces the data .

This site also provides other useful information : for example , as part of the annual governmentwide consolidated financial audit , GAO 's Information Technology Team is involved with reporting on the effectiveness of controls for financial information systems at 24 major federal agencies .
this site also provides other useful information : for example , as part of the annual governmentwide consolidated financial [check] , gao 's information technology team is involved with reporting on the effectiveness of controls for financial information systems at 24 major federal agencies .

Participants also focused on the roles of the nominating , compensation , and audit committees noting that ( 1 ) nominating committees need to independently identify candidates for board membership rather than `` rubber stamp '' management 's candidates , ( 2 ) compensation committees need to focus more on achievements related to the company 's long-term strategic objectives and less on short-term accomplishments , such as meeting earnings projections , and ( 3 ) audit committees need to work more effectively with the independent auditor as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , and not get `` tied up '' in procedural matters concerned with their legal liabilities as committee members .
participants also focused on the roles of the nominating , compensation , and [check] committees noting that ( 1 ) nominating committees need to independently identify candidates for board membership rather than `` rubber stamp '' management 's candidates , ( 2 ) compensation committees need to focus more on achievements related to the company 's long-term strategic objectives and less on short-term accomplishments , such as meeting earnings projections , and ( 3 ) [check] committees need to work more effectively with the independent auditor as defined by the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 , and not get `` tied up '' in procedural matters concerned with their legal liabilities as committee members .

An expectation gap between what an audit is and is not continues to exist , especially with regard to the auditor 's responsibility for detecting fraud .
an expectation gap between what an [check] is and is not continues to exist , especially with regard to the auditor 's responsibility for detecting fraud .

Some participants believed a periodic forensic audit may be needed to supplement the traditional financial statement audit to assist in detecting fraud .
some participants believed a periodic forensic [check] may be needed to supplement the traditional financial statement [check] to assist in detecting fraud .

However , it was recognized that an audit can not create precision or certainty where such factors do not exist , as financial statements are not as precise as users may believe .
however , it was recognized that an [check] can not create precision or certainty where such factors do not exist , as financial statements are not as precise as users may believe .

In addition , management and audit committees have important roles and responsibilities for internal control to prevent and detect fraud .
in addition , management and [check] committees have important roles and responsibilities for internal control to prevent and detect fraud .

Nonetheless , an expectation gap may still exist as users may be expecting that an audit addresses internal control over the company 's overall operations and performance .
nonetheless , an expectation gap may still exist as users may be expecting that an [check] addresses internal control over the company 's overall operations and performance .

Regulation and Enforcement Participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the audit committee .
regulation and enforcement participants suggested the need for a new reporting model for auditing , a renewed focus on the quality of auditing , and building more effective working relationships with the [check] committee .

Caution was also urged that rotation of audit partners required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 does not have the unintended consequence of adversely affecting the quality of audits through loss of experience with a particular company 's operations and financial reporting .
caution was also urged that rotation of [check] partners required by the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 does not have the unintended consequence of adversely affecting the quality of audits through loss of experience with a particular company 's operations and financial reporting .

It was also suggested that boards should effectively use the `` gatekeepers '' ( auditors and audit committees ) for help in the board 's oversight of financial management and reporting activities of the company .
it was also suggested that boards should effectively use the `` gatekeepers '' ( auditors and [check] committees ) for help in the board 's oversight of financial management and reporting activities of the company .

Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
[check] committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .

In that respect , the role of the audit committee , which in some cases has not been very active or effective in its oversight of management or auditors as related to financial reporting , is evolving into not just financial management oversight , but the overall aspects of the company 's financial reporting , such as releases on earnings expectations and quarterly financial reports .
in that respect , the role of the [check] committee , which in some cases has not been very active or effective in its oversight of management or auditors as related to financial reporting , is evolving into not just financial management oversight , but the overall aspects of the company 's financial reporting , such as releases on earnings expectations and quarterly financial reports .

In addition , the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 defines a number of audit committee responsibilities for the hiring , compensation , and oversight of auditors .
in addition , the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 defines a number of [check] committee responsibilities for the hiring , compensation , and oversight of auditors .

Nominating committees need to identify competent individuals who possess an `` independent spirit '' which allows board members to raise difficult questions and probe issues related 2One source of information on best practices of leading companies is the 1999 Report and Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Committee on Improving the Effectiveness of Corporate Audit Committees .
nominating committees need to identify competent individuals who possess an `` independent spirit '' which allows board members to raise difficult questions and probe issues related 2one source of information on best practices of leading companies is the 1999 report and recommendations of the blue ribbon committee on improving the effectiveness of corporate [check] committees .

These issues have continued to plague the accounting profession since the 1970s despite actions taken by the profession to narrow the so-called `` expectation gap '' between what the public expects or needs and what auditors can and should reasonably be expected to accomplish.5 Users often equate a clean audit opinion with a seal of approval that fraud does not exist and annual reports are both complete and accurate .
these issues have continued to plague the accounting profession since the 1970s despite actions taken by the profession to narrow the so-called `` expectation gap '' between what the public expects or needs and what auditors can and should reasonably be expected to accomplish.5 users often equate a clean [check] opinion with a seal of approval that fraud does not exist and annual reports are both complete and accurate .

One participant explained that there are a lot of things an audit can not do .
one participant explained that there are a lot of things an [check] can not do .

For example , an audit can not create certainty in an environment where there is no certainty .
for example , an [check] can not create certainty in an environment where there is no certainty .

An audit can not guarantee precision in an environment where estimates are made .
an [check] can not guarantee precision in an environment where estimates are made .

An audit can not ensure that stock prices will be achieved .
an [check] can not ensure that stock prices will be achieved .

However , participants generally agreed that while the accounting profession needs to take additional steps to address any misunderstanding as to the limits of an audit , there is room to improve the audit process and auditor reporting .
however , participants generally agreed that while the accounting profession needs to take additional steps to address any misunderstanding as to the limits of an [check] , there is room to improve the [check] process and auditor reporting .

Some participants liked the idea of auditors periodically performing more of a `` forensic-type '' audit6 in which auditors would be more skeptical of management , but cautioned that this approach could have a negative effect on audit quality because management and the auditor might not work as actively together on an ongoing basis .
some participants liked the idea of auditors periodically performing more of a `` forensic-type '' audit6 in which auditors would be more skeptical of management , but cautioned that this approach could have a negative effect on [check] quality because management and the auditor might not work as actively together on an ongoing basis .

Participants agreed that an adversarial relationship between the auditor and management would not be constructive in that the cooperation of management is critical to both an effective and efficient audit .
participants agreed that an adversarial relationship between the auditor and management would not be constructive in that the cooperation of management is critical to both an effective and efficient [check] .

The concept of forensic auditing was recently suggested by the Panel on Audit Effectiveness to improve the likelihood that auditors will detect fraudulent financial reporting ( see The Panel on Audit Effectiveness Report and Recommendations , Aug. 31 , 2000 ) .
the concept of forensic auditing was recently suggested by the panel on [check] effectiveness to improve the likelihood that auditors will detect fraudulent financial reporting ( see the panel on [check] effectiveness report and recommendations , aug. 31 , 2000 ) .

A participant added that earlier mandatory internal control reporting probably would have surfaced problems with ineffective boards of directors and audit committees.7 However , participants cautioned that reporting only on internal controls over financial reporting could lead to more of a gap in what investors perceive as the scope of the auditor 's work .
a participant added that earlier mandatory internal control reporting probably would have surfaced problems with ineffective boards of directors and [check] committees.7 however , participants cautioned that reporting only on internal controls over financial reporting could lead to more of a gap in what investors perceive as the scope of the auditor 's work .

Participants also suggested that the one-page audit opinion should be replaced with `` tiered '' reporting of audit results , where firms can obtain the level of assurance they desired .
participants also suggested that the one-page [check] opinion should be replaced with `` tiered '' reporting of [check] results , where firms can obtain the level of assurance they desired .

For example , in today 's environment , audit committees would most likely ask for the deepest `` tier '' of audit reporting to better carry out their responsibilities .
for example , in today 's environment , [check] committees would most likely ask for the deepest `` tier '' of [check] reporting to better carry out their responsibilities .

Participants generally agreed that the profession needs a new reporting model for audits to eliminate the misunderstanding as to what an audit of financial statements is and what its limits are .
participants generally agreed that the profession needs a new reporting model for audits to eliminate the misunderstanding as to what an [check] of financial statements is and what its limits are .

The participants acknowledged that the financial audit process is largely driven by the accounting profession and suggested that the profession needs to spend more time understanding what the demand side ( investors and other users of financial information ) needs and wants from auditors .
the participants acknowledged that the financial [check] process is largely driven by the accounting profession and suggested that the profession needs to spend more time understanding what the demand side ( investors and other users of financial information ) needs and wants from auditors .

However , the participants recognized that one of the big obstacles for innovation in 7This comment was based on the standards and guidance contained in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ( COSO ) of the Treadway Commission , for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control , which addresses a company 's control environment including boards of directors and audit committees .
however , the participants recognized that one of the big obstacles for innovation in 7this comment was based on the standards and guidance contained in internal control-integrated framework , published by the committee of sponsoring organizations ( coso ) of the treadway commission , for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control , which addresses a company 's control environment including boards of directors and [check] committees .

More Attention Is Needed on the Quality of Audits reforming the audit process and auditor reporting is the auditor 's fear of legal liability .
more attention is needed on the quality of audits reforming the [check] process and auditor reporting is the auditor 's fear of legal liability .

In that respect , the financial audit is considered the `` loss leader '' in many audit organizations with a focus on cutting hours and costs and as a means to obtain consulting engagements .
in that respect , the financial [check] is considered the `` loss leader '' in many [check] organizations with a focus on cutting hours and costs and as a means to obtain consulting engagements .

Further , several participants cautioned that the auditor rotation rules currently being developed by the regulators could further reduce audit quality by resulting in a loss of continuity , experience , and technical knowledge on an audit .
further , several participants cautioned that the auditor rotation rules currently being developed by the regulators could further reduce [check] quality by resulting in a loss of continuity , experience , and technical knowledge on an [check] .

Participants felt that the profession needs to elevate and restore the importance and the quality of the financial statement audit .
participants felt that the profession needs to elevate and restore the importance and the quality of the financial statement [check] .

Participants stated that the accounting profession needs to candidly discuss what it is doing to improve the audit process to restore public trust .
participants stated that the accounting profession needs to candidly discuss what it is doing to improve the [check] process to restore public trust .

It was viewed that one of the more positive outcomes of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is the relationship the act establishes between the auditor and audit committee by making the audit committee in essence the client , versus company management .
it was viewed that one of the more positive outcomes of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 is the relationship the act establishes between the auditor and [check] committee by making the [check] committee in essence the client , versus company management .

Historically , participants felt that auditor communication with audit committees has been variable .
historically , participants felt that auditor communication with [check] committees has been variable .

Participants generally agreed that auditors should be able to speak more freely , openly , and honestly with audit committees on risks facing the company and on the appropriateness of the company 's accounting policies .
participants generally agreed that auditors should be able to speak more freely , openly , and honestly with [check] committees on risks facing the company and on the appropriateness of the company 's accounting policies .

Audit committees should be demanding more information from auditors and asking auditors if they have sufficient resources , both in number and expertise , to adequately perform the audit .
[check] committees should be demanding more information from auditors and asking auditors if they have sufficient resources , both in number and expertise , to adequately perform the [check] .

Audit committees and auditors together can become good safeguards for investors .
[check] committees and auditors together can become good safeguards for investors .

A point was also made that the role of the internal auditors , specifically their cooperation and coordination with the external auditors and the board of directors , should be improved , which ultimately could improve the quality of financial reporting and the external audit .
a point was also made that the role of the internal auditors , specifically their cooperation and coordination with the external auditors and the board of directors , should be improved , which ultimately could improve the quality of financial reporting and the external [check] .

Other immediate priorities should be setting up an inspection function of auditors that audit SEC registrants and determining how standards that govern the work of the accounting profession , such as auditor independence rules and standards for conducting audits , should be set .
other immediate priorities should be setting up an inspection function of auditors that [check] sec registrants and determining how standards that govern the work of the accounting profession , such as auditor independence rules and standards for conducting audits , should be set .

Some participants believed that the existing inspection process could be improved by looking less at the accounting firms ' internal systems for quality control and more at the quality of the judgments that were made by the auditors in conducting the audit .
some participants believed that the existing inspection process could be improved by looking less at the accounting firms ' internal systems for quality control and more at the quality of the judgments that were made by the auditors in conducting the [check] .

For example , states are often hampered in their ability to take appropriate regulatory actions because 11Our report , The Accounting Profession : Status of Panel on Audit Effectiveness Recommendations to Enhance the Self-Regulatory System ( GAO-02-411 , Washington , D.C. : May 15 , 2002 ) discusses the various bodies that regulate the accounting profession .
for example , states are often hampered in their ability to take appropriate regulatory actions because 11our report , the accounting profession : status of panel on [check] effectiveness recommendations to enhance the self-regulatory system ( gao-02-411 , washington , d.c. : may 15 , 2002 ) discusses the various bodies that regulate the accounting profession .

Lastly , the hard copy documents ( i.e. , obligation document , receiving report , and the invoice ) supporting a disbursement were normally filed centrally at the certifying or disbursing officer 's location for easy access in the event of a management review or outside audit of the payment process .
lastly , the hard copy documents ( i.e. , obligation document , receiving report , and the invoice ) supporting a disbursement were normally filed centrally at the certifying or disbursing officer 's location for easy access in the event of a management review or outside [check] of the payment process .

However , implementation of available technologies does not change the requirement that audit trails of transactions and authorizations be maintained or the rigors of examination of invoices not be compromised .
however , implementation of available technologies does not change the requirement that [check] trails of transactions and authorizations be maintained or the rigors of examination of invoices not be compromised .

Although authorized changes to an image may need to be made , the unaltered copy of the original image should be maintained to facilitate adequate audit trails .
although authorized changes to an image may need to be made , the unaltered copy of the original image should be maintained to facilitate adequate [check] trails .

Almost 800 Actions Taken To Improve Government Operations or Services GAO 's recommendations and audit findings also resulted in or contributed to many improvements in the effectiveness and efficiency of government operations and services during fiscal year 2000 .
almost 800 actions taken to improve government operations or services gao 's recommendations and [check] findings also resulted in or contributed to many improvements in the effectiveness and efficiency of government operations and services during fiscal year 2000 .

In September 2000 , GAO issued a governmentwide perspective on federal information security that covered Inspector General and GAO audit findings reported since July 1999 .
in september 2000 , gao issued a governmentwide perspective on federal information security that covered inspector general and gao [check] findings reported since july 1999 .

Other efforts include : Enhancing security and removing asbestos within the GAO Building to protect the health and safety of our most important asset-our staff -- $ 2,839,000 ; Upgrading GAO 's computer security facility to ensure our continued ability to conduct effective , comprehensive computer security controls testing of complex , diverse , and interconnected executive branch systems and to attract and retain skilled , technical staff -- $ 750,000 ; Enhancing the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institution 's efforts to combat government related corruption around the world , multi-lateral training efforts with eastern-bloc and selected South and Latin American countries , and bilateral assistance to Russia -- $ 250,000 ; and Contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system -- $ 250,000 .
other efforts include : enhancing security and removing asbestos within the gao building to protect the health and safety of our most important asset-our staff -- $ 2,839,000 ; upgrading gao 's computer security facility to ensure our continued ability to conduct effective , comprehensive computer security controls testing of complex , diverse , and interconnected executive branch systems and to attract and retain skilled , technical staff -- $ 750,000 ; enhancing the international organization of supreme [check] institution 's efforts to combat government related corruption around the world , multi-lateral training efforts with eastern-bloc and selected south and latin american countries , and bilateral assistance to russia -- $ 250,000 ; and contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system -- $ 250,000 .

United States General Accounting Office Washington , DC 20548 January 2002 TO AUDIT OFFICIALS AND OTHERS INTERESTED IN GOVERNMENT AUDITING STANDARDS GAO invites your comments on the accompanying proposed changes to Government Auditing Standards ( GAGAS ) , commonly known as the `` yellow book . ''
united states general accounting office washington , dc 20548 january 2002 to [check] officials and others interested in government auditing standards gao invites your comments on the accompanying proposed changes to government auditing standards ( gagas ) , commonly known as the `` yellow book . ''

To help ensure that the standards continue to meet the needs of the audit community and the public it serves , the Comptroller General of the United States appointed the Advisory Council on Government Auditing Standards to review the standards and recommend necessary changes .
to help ensure that the standards continue to meet the needs of the [check] community and the public it serves , the comptroller general of the united states appointed the advisory council on government auditing standards to review the standards and recommend necessary changes .

For example , the financial audit and attestation chapters are directed at auditors with a financial audit background and the required knowledge of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ' ( AICPA ) Generally Accepted Auditing Standards ( GAAS ) and Attestation Standards .
for example , the financial [check] and attestation chapters are directed at auditors with a financial [check] background and the required knowledge of the american institute of certified public accountants ' ( aicpa ) generally accepted auditing standards ( gaas ) and attestation standards .

The performance audit chapters are written to avoid use of terminology drawn from financial audits .
the performance [check] chapters are written to avoid use of terminology drawn from financial audits .

The financial audit presentation proposes retaining the current format of separate chapters for field and reporting standards .
the financial [check] presentation proposes retaining the current format of separate chapters for field and reporting standards .

The term financial audit is defined to include financial statement audits GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft and other services covered by GAAS and the AICPA 's Statements on Auditing Standards ( SASs ) , which interpret the standards .
the term financial [check] is defined to include financial statement audits gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft and other services covered by gaas and the aicpa 's statements on auditing standards ( sass ) , which interpret the standards .

GAGAS proposes recognizing the overlap between attestation engagement objectives and performance audit objectives and allowing the services that overlap to be performed under either set of standards .
gagas proposes recognizing the overlap between attestation engagement objectives and performance [check] objectives and allowing the services that overlap to be performed under either set of standards .

Namely , performance auditors provide these services using performance audit standards , and financial auditors are likely to provide these services using the attestation standards .
namely , performance auditors provide these services using performance [check] standards , and financial auditors are likely to provide these services using the attestation standards .

The presentation of the financial audit chapters proposes eliminating the term `` financial related audits '' by specifically recognizing the services in addition to financial statement audits that are covered by the AICPA 's Statements on Auditing Standards in chapters 4 and 5 or by the Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements in chapter 6 .
the presentation of the financial [check] chapters proposes eliminating the term `` financial related audits '' by specifically recognizing the services in addition to financial statement audits that are covered by the aicpa 's statements on auditing standards in chapters 4 and 5 or by the statement on standards for attestation engagements in chapter 6 .

The Advisory Council has recognized that GAGAS applicable to the performance audit objectives of effectiveness , economy and efficiency , internal control , and compliance are also applicable to prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .
the advisory council has recognized that gagas applicable to the performance [check] objectives of effectiveness , economy and efficiency , internal control , and compliance are also applicable to prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .

We believe this is a more logical and user friendly presentation than having a separate chapter discussing the field work and reporting standards for these objectives that would only tell the auditor to follow the same standards applicable to other types of performance audit objectives .
we believe this is a more logical and user friendly presentation than having a separate chapter discussing the field work and reporting standards for these objectives that would only tell the auditor to follow the same standards applicable to other types of performance [check] objectives .

Chapter 2 of this exposure draft discusses nonaudit services provided by audit organizations that are not covered by GAGAS .
chapter 2 of this exposure draft discusses nonaudit services provided by [check] organizations that are not covered by gagas .

Audit organizations are encouraged to establish policies for maintaining the GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 2 quality of this type of work .
[check] organizations are encouraged to establish policies for maintaining the gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 2 quality of this type of work .

The enclosure does not include the proposed reorganization of the order of presentation to provide a more logical grouping of the standards by function , such as planning , audit documentation , report content , and the audit process .
the enclosure does not include the proposed reorganization of the order of presentation to provide a more logical grouping of the standards by function , such as planning , [check] documentation , report content , and the [check] process .

This proposed type of change was primarily made to the presentation of the performance audit chapters .
this proposed type of change was primarily made to the presentation of the performance [check] chapters .

This draft is being sent to financial management and audit officials at all levels of government , the public accounting profession , academia , professional organizations , and public interest groups .
this draft is being sent to financial management and [check] officials at all levels of government , the public accounting profession , academia , professional organizations , and public interest groups .

Require that an audit organization prepare documentation to demonstrate compliance with its policies and procedures for its system of quality control ( par .
require that an [check] organization prepare documentation to demonstrate compliance with its policies and procedures for its system of quality control ( par .

Require that audit organizations establish policies and procedures for custody and retention of audit documentation ( par .
require that [check] organizations establish policies and procedures for custody and retention of [check] documentation ( par .

GAGAS pertain to auditors ' professional qualifications and the quality of their work , the performance of field work , and the characteristics of meaningful audit reporting .
gagas pertain to auditors ' professional qualifications and the quality of their work , the performance of field work , and the characteristics of meaningful [check] reporting .

This chapter also describes the concept of accountability for public resources and discusses the responsibilities of managers of government programs , auditors , and audit organizations in the audit process .
this chapter also describes the concept of accountability for public resources and discusses the responsibilities of managers of government programs , auditors , and [check] organizations in the [check] process .

OMB Circular A-133 , `` Audits of States , Local Governments , and Non-profit Organizations , '' which provides the governmentwide guidelines and policies on performing audits to comply with the Single Audit Act , also requires the use of GAGAS .
omb circular a-133 , `` audits of states , local governments , and non-profit organizations , '' which provides the governmentwide guidelines and policies on performing audits to comply with the single [check] act , also requires the use of gagas .

Federal audit guidelines pertaining to program requirements , such as those issued for Housing and Urban Development and Student Financial Aid programs , may require that GAGAS be followed .
federal [check] guidelines pertaining to program requirements , such as those issued for housing and urban development and student financial aid programs , may require that gagas be followed .

Many audit organizations not formally required to do so , both in the United States and in other countries , voluntarily follow GAGAS .
many [check] organizations not formally required to do so , both in the united states and in other countries , voluntarily follow gagas .

The term performance audit is used to include a variety of objectives to meet users ' needs .
the term performance [check] is used to include a variety of objectives to meet users ' needs .

Audit organizations also have the important responsibility for ensuring that auditors can meet their responsibilities .
[check] organizations also have the important responsibility for ensuring that auditors can meet their responsibilities .

Auditors are also responsible to be independent in fact and appearance when providing audit and attestation services .
auditors are also responsible to be independent in fact and appearance when providing [check] and attestation services .

Independence precludes relationships that may in fact or appearance impair an auditor 's objectivity in performing the audit .
independence precludes relationships that may in fact or appearance impair an auditor 's objectivity in performing the [check] .

To help managers and other report users understand an audit 's objectives , time frames , and data needs , auditors need to communicate information concerning the planning , conduct , and reporting of the assignment to the parties involved .
to help managers and other report users understand an [check] 's objectives , time frames , and data needs , auditors need to communicate information concerning the planning , conduct , and reporting of the assignment to the parties involved .

This chapter also describes other professional services that audit organizations provide , although these services are not covered by GAGAS .
this chapter also describes other professional services that [check] organizations provide , although these services are not covered by gagas .

Auditors should follow the standards that are applicable to the individual objectives of the audit or attestation engagement .
auditors should follow the standards that are applicable to the individual objectives of the [check] or attestation engagement .

Attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial objectives and can be part of a financial audit or other type of audit .
attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial objectives and can be part of a financial [check] or other type of [check] .

PERFORMANCE AUDITS 2.8 A performance audit is an objective and systematic examination of evidence to provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of a program against objective criteria or an assessment of best practices and other information .
performance audits 2.8 a performance [check] is an objective and systematic examination of evidence to provide an independent assessment of the performance and management of a program against objective criteria or an assessment of best practices and other information .

Performance audits encompass a wide variety of 5Some of these examples of attestation engagement objectives are similar to some of the performance audit objectives listed in paragraphs 2.9 through 2.11 .
performance audits encompass a wide variety of 5some of these examples of attestation engagement objectives are similar to some of the performance [check] objectives listed in paragraphs 2.9 through 2.11 .

Depending on user needs and the auditor 's qualifications , the auditor may choose to apply performance audit standards in chapters 7 and 8 to the objectives in paragraph 2.6 instead of following the attestation standards in chapter 6 .
depending on user needs and the auditor 's qualifications , the auditor may choose to apply performance [check] standards in chapters 7 and 8 to the objectives in paragraph 2.6 instead of following the attestation standards in chapter 6 .

Economy and efficiency audit objectives concern whether an entity is acquiring , protecting , and using its resources in the most productive manner to achieve program objectives .
economy and efficiency [check] objectives concern whether an entity is acquiring , protecting , and using its resources in the most productive manner to achieve program objectives .

These audit objectives are often interrelated and may be concurrently addressed in a performance audit .
these [check] objectives are often interrelated and may be concurrently addressed in a performance [check] .

While this work generally does not involve assessing specific ongoing programs , it may use data from relevant audit work for comparative or baseline purposes .
while this work generally does not involve assessing specific ongoing programs , it may use data from relevant [check] work for comparative or baseline purposes .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft NONAUDIT SERVICES OF AUDIT ORGANIZATIONS 2.13 Audit organizations may also provide nonaudit services that are not covered by GAGAS .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft nonaudit services of [check] organizations 2.13 [check] organizations may also provide nonaudit services that are not covered by gagas .

However , audit organizations are encouraged to establish policies for maintaining the quality of this type of work , and may wish to disclose in any product resulting from this work , any other professional standards followed and the quality control steps taken .
however , [check] organizations are encouraged to establish policies for maintaining the quality of this type of work , and may wish to disclose in any product resulting from this work , any other professional standards followed and the quality control steps taken .

Credibility is essential to all audit organizations performing work that government leaders and other users rely on for making decisions , and is what the public expects of information provided by auditors .
credibility is essential to all [check] organizations performing work that government leaders and other users rely on for making decisions , and is what the public expects of information provided by auditors .

These general standards encompass the independence of the audit organization and its individual auditors ; the exercise of professional judgment in the performance of work and the preparation of related reports ; the competence of audit staff , including their continuing professional education ; and the existence of quality control systems and external peer reviews .
these general standards encompass the independence of the [check] organization and its individual auditors ; the exercise of professional judgment in the performance of work and the preparation of related reports ; the competence of [check] staff , including their continuing professional education ; and the existence of quality control systems and external peer reviews .

Therefore , these general standards are required to be followed by all auditors and audit organizations , both government and nongovernment , performing work under generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS ) .
therefore , these general standards are required to be followed by all auditors and [check] organizations , both government and nongovernment , performing work under generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas ) .

This standard also imposes a responsibility upon each auditor within the audit organization to observe GAGAS .
this standard also imposes a responsibility upon each auditor within the [check] organization to observe gagas .

Therefore , an audit or attestation engagement conducted in accordance with GAGAS may not detect a material misstatement or significant inaccuracy , whether from error or fraud .
therefore , an [check] or attestation engagement conducted in accordance with gagas may not detect a material misstatement or significant inaccuracy , whether from error or fraud .

Accordingly , while this standard places responsibility on each auditor and audit organization to exercise professional judgment in planning and performing an assignment , it does not imply unlimited responsibility , nor does it imply infallibility on the part of either the individual auditor or the audit organization .
accordingly , while this standard places responsibility on each auditor and [check] organization to exercise professional judgment in planning and performing an assignment , it does not imply unlimited responsibility , nor does it imply infallibility on the part of either the individual auditor or the [check] organization .

Audit organizations should have a process , such as a human capital system , for recruitment , hiring , continuous development , and evaluation of staff to assist the organization in maintaining a workforce that has adequate competence .
[check] organizations should have a process , such as a human capital system , for recruitment , hiring , continuous development , and evaluation of staff to assist the organization in maintaining a workforce that has adequate competence .

An organization may need to employ individuals or hire subject matter experts who are knowledgeable , skilled , or experienced in such areas as accounting , statistics , law , engineering , audit design and methodology , information technology , public administration , economics , social sciences , or actuarial science .
an organization may need to employ individuals or hire subject matter experts who are knowledgeable , skilled , or experienced in such areas as accounting , statistics , law , engineering , [check] design and methodology , information technology , public administration , economics , social sciences , or actuarial science .

Auditors should be knowledgeable in generally accepted accounting principles and the AICPA 's generally accepted auditing standards for field work and reporting and the related statements on the standards ( SASs ) when performing a financial audit and should be competent in applying these standards and SASs to the task assigned .
auditors should be knowledgeable in generally accepted accounting principles and the aicpa 's generally accepted auditing standards for field work and reporting and the related statements on the standards ( sass ) when performing a financial [check] and should be competent in applying these standards and sass to the task assigned .

Accountants and accounting firms meeting these licensing requirements should also comply with the applicable provisions of the public accountancy law and rules of the jurisdiction ( s ) where the audit is being conducted and the jurisdiction ( s ) in which the accountants and their firms are licensed .
accountants and accounting firms meeting these licensing requirements should also comply with the applicable provisions of the public accountancy law and rules of the jurisdiction ( s ) where the [check] is being conducted and the jurisdiction ( s ) in which the accountants and their firms are licensed .

The audit organization should maintain documentation of the CPE completed .
the [check] organization should maintain documentation of the cpe completed .

GAO has developed guidance pertaining to CPE requirements to assist auditors and audit organizations in exercising professional judgment in complying with the CPE requirements .
gao has developed guidance pertaining to cpe requirements to assist auditors and [check] organizations in exercising professional judgment in complying with the cpe requirements .

QUALITY CONTROL AND ASSURANCE 3.19 The fourth general standard is : Each audit organization performing assignments in accordance with GAGAS should have an appropriate internal quality control system in place and should undergo an external peer review .
quality control and assurance 3.19 the fourth general standard is : each [check] organization performing assignments in accordance with gagas should have an appropriate internal quality control system in place and should undergo an external peer review .

Individuals conducting peer reviews of an audit organization 's system of quality control should have thorough knowledge of GAGAS and of the government environment relative to the work being reviewed .
individuals conducting peer reviews of an [check] organization 's system of quality control should have thorough knowledge of gagas and of the government environment relative to the work being reviewed .

Audit organizations should have an external peer review conducted within 3 years from the date they start ( that is , start of field work ) their first assignment in accordance with GAGAS .
[check] organizations should have an external peer review conducted within 3 years from the date they start ( that is , start of field work ) their first assignment in accordance with gagas .

Audit organizations should generally maintain their review year from review to review .
[check] organizations should generally maintain their review year from review to review .

Information in the external peer review report often would be relevant to decisions on procuring audit or attestation engagement services .
information in the external peer review report often would be relevant to decisions on procuring [check] or attestation engagement services .

Audit organizations also should transmit their external peer review reports to appropriate oversight bodies .
[check] organizations also should transmit their external peer review reports to appropriate oversight bodies .

These other services may be performed in conjunction with an audit of financial statements .
these other services may be performed in conjunction with an [check] of financial statements .

A sufficient understanding of internal control is to be obtained to plan the audit and to determine the nature , timing , and extent of tests to be performed .
a sufficient understanding of internal control is to be obtained to plan the [check] and to determine the nature , timing , and extent of tests to be performed .

Auditors must comply with these additional standards when citing GAGAS in their audit reports .
auditors must comply with these additional standards when citing gagas in their [check] reports .

AUDITOR COMMUNICATION 4.6 An additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .
auditor communication 4.6 an additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the [check] services , and the [check] committee or other equivalent oversight body .

GAGAS broaden the parties with whom auditors must communicate with during the planning stages of a financial audit to reduce the risk that the needs or expectations of the parties involved may be misinterpreted .
gagas broaden the parties with whom auditors must communicate with during the planning stages of a financial [check] to reduce the risk that the needs or expectations of the parties involved may be misinterpreted .

When auditors are performing the audit pursuant to a law or regulation , auditors should communicate with the legislative members or staff who have oversight of the auditee.4 Auditors should coordinate communications with the responsible government audit organization and/or management of the audited entity , and may use the engagement letter to keep interested parties informed .
when auditors are performing the [check] pursuant to a law or regulation , auditors should communicate with the legislative members or staff who have oversight of the auditee.4 auditors should coordinate communications with the responsible government [check] organization and/or management of the audited entity , and may use the engagement letter to keep interested parties informed .

Situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically identified , such as audits required by the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 , are excluded .
situations where the [check] of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically identified , such as audits required by the single [check] act amendments of 1996 , are excluded .

During the planning stages of an audit , auditors should communicate their responsibilities for testing and reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .
during the planning stages of an [check] , auditors should communicate their responsibilities for testing and reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting .

To meet certain audit report users ' needs , laws and regulations sometimes prescribe testing and reporting on compliance and internal control over financial reporting to supplement coverage of these areas .
to meet certain [check] report users ' needs , laws and regulations sometimes prescribe testing and reporting on compliance and internal control over financial reporting to supplement coverage of these areas .

For example , when engaged to perform audits under the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 for state and local government entities and nonprofit entities that receive federal awards , auditors should be familiar with the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Circular A-133 on single audits .
for example , when engaged to perform audits under the single [check] act amendments of 1996 for state and local government entities and nonprofit entities that receive federal awards , auditors should be familiar with the office of management and budget ( omb ) circular a-133 on single audits .

The act and circular include specific audit requirements , mainly in the areas of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control , that exceed the minimum audit requirements in the standards in chapters 4 and 5 of this document .
the act and circular include specific [check] requirements , mainly in the areas of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control , that exceed the minimum [check] requirements in the standards in chapters 4 and 5 of this document .

Audits conducted under the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 , as expanded by the Government Management Reform Act of 1994 , also have specific audit requirements prescribed by OMB in the areas of compliance and internal control .
audits conducted under the chief financial officers act of 1990 , as expanded by the government management reform act of 1994 , also have specific [check] requirements prescribed by omb in the areas of compliance and internal control .

Many state and local governments have additional audit requirements .
many state and local governments have additional [check] requirements .

CONSIDERING THE RESULTS OF PREVIOUS AUDITS 4.14 An additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the audit being undertaken .
considering the results of previous audits 4.14 an additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the [check] being undertaken .

In addition to following up on significant reported findings and recommendations7 from previous financial audits , auditors should consider significant findings identified in attestation engagements , performance audits , or other studies if these findings could materially affect the results of the financial audit .
in addition to following up on significant reported findings and recommendations7 from previous financial audits , auditors should consider significant findings identified in attestation engagements , performance audits , or other studies if these findings could materially affect the results of the financial [check] .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the financial audit if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting information .
for example , an [check] report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the financial [check] if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting information .

In any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit objectives .
in any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the [check] objectives .

Ultimately , the benefits of audit work occur when audit findings are resolved through meaningful and effective corrective action taken in response to the auditors ' findings and recommendations .
ultimately , the benefits of [check] work occur when [check] findings are resolved through meaningful and effective corrective action taken in response to the auditors ' findings and recommendations .

Officials of the audited entity are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them , and for having a process to track their status .
officials of the audited entity are responsible for resolving [check] findings and recommendations directed to them , and for having a process to track their status .

NONCOMPLIANCE WITH PROVISIONS OF CONTRACTS AND GRANT AGREEMENTS 4.17 The additional standard related to compliance with provisions of contracts and grant agreements for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements of financial statements or other financial data resulting from noncompliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements that have a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts .
noncompliance with provisions of contracts and grant agreements 4.17 the additional standard related to compliance with provisions of contracts and grant agreements for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should design the [check] to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements of financial statements or other financial data resulting from noncompliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements that have a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts .

If specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could affect financial data significant to the audit objectives or that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .
if specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could affect financial data significant to the [check] objectives or that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements , auditors should apply [check] procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .

Direct and material noncompliance is noncompliance having a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts or could have a significant effect on other financial data needed to achieve audit objectives .
direct and material noncompliance is noncompliance having a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts or could have a significant effect on other financial data needed to achieve [check] objectives .

Auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements resulting from direct and material noncompliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements .
auditors should design the [check] to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material misstatements resulting from direct and material noncompliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements .

Indirect noncompliance is noncompliance having material but indirect effects on financial statements or other financial data needed to achieve audit objectives .
indirect noncompliance is noncompliance having material but indirect effects on financial statements or other financial data needed to achieve [check] objectives .

If specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements or significant indirect effect on other financial data need to achieve audit objectives , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether that noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .
if specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements or significant indirect effect on other financial data need to achieve [check] objectives , auditors should apply [check] procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether that noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .

AUDIT DOCUMENTATION 4.20 An additional standard related to audit documentation for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
[check] documentation 4.20 an additional standard related to [check] documentation for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : [check] documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the [check] , to ascertain from the [check] documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Audit documentation that supports significant findings , conclusions , and recommendations should be complete before auditors issue their report .
[check] documentation that supports significant findings , conclusions , and recommendations should be complete before auditors issue their report .

The form and content of audit documentation should be designed to meet the circumstances of the particular audit .
the form and content of [check] documentation should be designed to meet the circumstances of the particular [check] .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information contained in [check] documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

The quantity , type , and content of audit documentation is a matter of the auditors ' professional judgment .
the quantity , type , and content of [check] documentation is a matter of the auditors ' professional judgment .

Thus , whereas AICPA standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- providing the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in performing and supervising the audit -- audit documentation serves an additional purpose in audits performed in accordance with GAGAS .
thus , whereas aicpa standards cite two main purposes of [check] documentation -- providing the principal support for the [check] report and aiding auditors in performing and supervising the [check] -- [check] documentation serves an additional purpose in audits performed in accordance with gagas .

Audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
[check] documentation allows for the review of [check] quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain additional government auditing standards do not apply or that an applicable standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the audit .
documentation of the auditor 's determination that certain additional government auditing standards do not apply or that an applicable standard was not followed , the reasons therefore , and the known effect that not following the standard had , or could have , on the [check] .

Auditors are not required to include copies of documents they examined as part of the audit documentation , nor are auditors required to list detailed information from those documents .
auditors are not required to include copies of documents they examined as part of the [check] documentation , nor are auditors required to list detailed information from those documents .

The audit documentation should specifically address ( 1 ) the rationale for determining the nature , timing , and extent of planned audit procedures ; ( 2 ) the kinds and competence of available evidential matter produced outside a computerized information system ; and ( 3 ) the effect on the audit report if evidential matter to be gathered does not afford a reasonable basis to achieve the audit objectives .
the [check] documentation should specifically address ( 1 ) the rationale for determining the nature , timing , and extent of planned [check] procedures ; ( 2 ) the kinds and competence of available evidential matter produced outside a computerized information system ; and ( 3 ) the effect on the [check] report if evidential matter to be gathered does not afford a reasonable basis to achieve the [check] objectives .

Auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .
auditors should make arrangements to make [check] documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .

Contractual arrangements for GAGAS audits should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .
contractual arrangements for gagas audits should provide for full and timely access to [check] documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of [check] quality control and assurance .

This documentation requirement does not increase the auditors ' responsibility for testing internal control but is intended to assist the auditor in ensuring that audit objectives are met and audit risk is reduced to an acceptable level .
this documentation requirement does not increase the auditors ' responsibility for testing internal control but is intended to assist the auditor in ensuring that [check] objectives are met and [check] risk is reduced to an acceptable level .

Because of the increased accountability associated with government audits , auditors performing financial audits in accordance with GAGAS should consider the following guidance related to audit risk and materiality ( see paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 ) , internal control over safeguarding of assets ( see paragraphs 4.28 through 4.33 ) , internal control over compliance ( see paragraphs 4.34 through 4.36 ) , and professional judgment concerning possible fraud and illegal acts ( see paragraphs 4.37 and 4.39 ) .
because of the increased accountability associated with government audits , auditors performing financial audits in accordance with gagas should consider the following guidance related to [check] risk and materiality ( see paragraphs 4.26 and 4.27 ) , internal control over safeguarding of assets ( see paragraphs 4.28 through 4.33 ) , internal control over compliance ( see paragraphs 4.34 through 4.36 ) , and professional judgment concerning possible fraud and illegal acts ( see paragraphs 4.37 and 4.39 ) .

Auditors ' consideration of audit risk and materiality is a matter of professional judgment and is influenced by their perception of the needs of a reasonable person who will rely on the financial statements .
auditors ' consideration of [check] risk and materiality is a matter of professional judgment and is influenced by their perception of the needs of a reasonable person who will rely on the financial statements .

They also require auditors to plan the audit to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material fraud , including material misappropriation of assets .
they also require auditors to plan the [check] to provide reasonable assurance of detecting material fraud , including material misappropriation of assets .

Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .
depending on the circumstances of the [check] , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , [check] organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .

Under some circumstances , laws , regulations , or policies may require auditors to report indications of certain types of fraud or illegal acts to law enforcement or investigatory authorities before extending audit steps and procedures .
under some circumstances , laws , regulations , or policies may require auditors to report indications of certain types of fraud or illegal acts to law enforcement or investigatory authorities before extending [check] steps and procedures .

Auditors may also be required to withdraw from or defer further work on the audit or a portion of the audit in order not to interfere with an investigation .
auditors may also be required to withdraw from or defer further work on the [check] or a portion of the [check] in order not to interfere with an investigation .

Nor does the subsequent discovery of illegal acts committed during the audit period mean that the auditors ' performance was inadequate , provided the audit was made in accordance with GAGAS .
nor does the subsequent discovery of illegal acts committed during the [check] period mean that the auditors ' performance was inadequate , provided the [check] was made in accordance with gagas .

REPORTING COMPLIANCE WITH GENERALLY ACCEPTED GOVERNMENT AUDITING STANDARDS 5.3 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit reports should state that the audit was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
reporting compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards 5.3 an additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : [check] reports should state that the [check] was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .

In these situations , the auditors should disclose in the scope section of the report the applicable standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the audit .
in these situations , the auditors should disclose in the scope section of the report the applicable standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the [check] .

The report on the financial audit may cite AICPA standards as well as GAGAS .
the report on the financial [check] may cite aicpa standards as well as gagas .

When a GAGAS audit is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the AICPA standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by GAGAS but not required by AICPA standards .
when a gagas [check] is the basis for an auditor 's subsequent report under the aicpa standards , it would be advantageous to users of the subsequent report for the auditor 's report to include the information on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control that is required by gagas but not required by aicpa standards .

When auditors report on compliance and internal control over financial reporting as part of the report on the financial statements , auditors should include an introduction summarizing key findings in the audit of the financial statements and the related compliance and internal control work .
when auditors report on compliance and internal control over financial reporting as part of the report on the financial statements , auditors should include an introduction summarizing key findings in the [check] of the financial statements and the related compliance and internal control work .

Auditors may include such information in their audit report or may prepare a separate report .
auditors may include such information in their [check] report or may prepare a separate report .

If auditors report separately , the audit report should contain a reference to the separate report containing this information6 and state that the separate report is an integral part of the audit and should be considered in assessing the results of the audit .
if auditors report separately , the [check] report should contain a reference to the separate report containing this information6 and state that the separate report is an integral part of the [check] and should be considered in assessing the results of the [check] .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and objectives of the financial audit , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and objectives of the financial [check] , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control .
auditors should include in their [check] documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control .

Thus , auditors should include in their report the same information about fraud and illegal acts that they have informed the audit committees about under AICPA standards .
thus , auditors should include in their report the same information about fraud and illegal acts that they have informed the [check] committees about under aicpa standards .

Auditors should also report other noncompliance that is material to the audit .
auditors should also report other noncompliance that is material to the [check] .

Auditors may include such information in their audit report or may prepare a separate report .
auditors may include such information in their [check] report or may prepare a separate report .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and objectives of the financial audit , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and objectives of the financial [check] , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .

Auditors may provide less extensive disclosure of fraud and illegal acts that are not material in either a quantitative or qualitative sense.9 Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance .
auditors may provide less extensive disclosure of fraud and illegal acts that are not material in either a quantitative or qualitative sense.9 auditors should include in their [check] documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance .

Auditors should meet these requirements even if they have resigned or been dismissed from the audit .
auditors should meet these requirements even if they have resigned or been dismissed from the [check] .

If auditors conclude that such failure is likely to cause them to depart from the standard report on the financial statements or resign from the audit , then they should communicate that conclusion to the governing body of the audited entity .
if auditors conclude that such failure is likely to cause them to depart from the standard report on the financial statements or resign from the [check] , then they should communicate that conclusion to the governing body of the audited entity .

Internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .
internal [check] organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .

Auditors may wish to attach the comment letter to the audit report to provide the reader with both points of view .
auditors may wish to attach the comment letter to the [check] report to provide the reader with both points of view .

PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 5.32 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : If certain pertinent information is prohibited from general disclosure , the audit report should state the nature of the information omitted and the requirement that makes the omission necessary .
privileged and confidential information 5.32 an additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : if certain pertinent information is prohibited from general disclosure , the [check] report should state the nature of the information omitted and the requirement that makes the omission necessary .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 5.35 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 5.35 an additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written [check] reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Auditors should also send copies of the reports to other officials who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .
auditors should also send copies of the reports to other officials who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on [check] findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .

However , if the subject of the audit involves material that is classified for security purposes or not releasable to particular parties or the public for other valid reasons , auditors may limit the report distribution .
however , if the subject of the [check] involves material that is classified for security purposes or not releasable to particular parties or the public for other valid reasons , auditors may limit the report distribution .

See the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 and Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) Circular A-133 on single audits for the distribution of reports on single audits of state and local governmental entities and nonprofit organizations that receive federal awards .
see the single [check] act amendments of 1996 and office of management and budget ( omb ) circular a-133 on single audits for the distribution of reports on single audits of state and local governmental entities and nonprofit organizations that receive federal awards .

Attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial objectives1 and can be part of a financial statement audit or other engagement .
attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial objectives1 and can be part of a financial statement [check] or other engagement .

Auditor Communication 6.5 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .
auditor communication 6.5 an additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the [check] services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .

If the attestation engagement is part of a larger audit , this information may be communicated as part of that audit .
if the attestation engagement is part of a larger [check] , this information may be communicated as part of that [check] .

Whatever the form of the communication , auditors should include audit documentation regarding the communication .
whatever the form of the communication , auditors should include [check] documentation regarding the communication .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the attestation engagement if the entity uses such systems to process information about the subject matter or contained in an assertion about the subject matter .
for example , an [check] report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the attestation engagement if the entity uses such systems to process information about the subject matter or contained in an assertion about the subject matter .

Ultimately , the benefits of audit work occur when audit findings are resolved through meaningful and effective corrective action in response to the auditors ' findings and recommendations .
ultimately , the benefits of [check] work occur when [check] findings are resolved through meaningful and effective corrective action in response to the auditors ' findings and recommendations .

Officials of the audited organization are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .
officials of the audited organization are responsible for resolving [check] findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .

Audit Documentation 6.11 The additional field work standard related to audit documentation for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
[check] documentation 6.11 the additional field work standard related to [check] documentation for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : [check] documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to ascertain from the [check] documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Audit documentation that supports significant findings , conclusions , and recommendations should be complete before auditors issue their report .
[check] documentation that supports significant findings , conclusions , and recommendations should be complete before auditors issue their report .

The form and content of audit documentation should be designed to meet the circumstances of the particular attestation engagement .
the form and content of [check] documentation should be designed to meet the circumstances of the particular attestation engagement .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information contained in [check] documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

The quantity , type , and content of audit documentation is a matter of the auditors ' professional judgment .
the quantity , type , and content of [check] documentation is a matter of the auditors ' professional judgment .

Thus , whereas AICPA standards cite two main purposes of audit documentation -- providing the principal support for the audit report and aiding auditors in the conduct and supervision of the audit -- audit documentation serves an additional purpose in attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS .
thus , whereas aicpa standards cite two main purposes of [check] documentation -- providing the principal support for the [check] report and aiding auditors in the conduct and supervision of the [check] -- [check] documentation serves an additional purpose in attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas .

Audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
[check] documentation allows for the review of [check] quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

If audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .
if [check] documentation is only retained electronically , the [check] organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for [check] documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .

The audit documentation should specifically address ( 1 ) the rationale for determining the nature , timing , and extent of planned audit procedures ; ( 2 ) the kinds and competence of available evidential matter produced outside a computerized information system ; and ( 3 ) the effect on the attestation engagement report if evidential matter to be gathered does not afford a reasonable basis to achieve the objectives of the engagement .
the [check] documentation should specifically address ( 1 ) the rationale for determining the nature , timing , and extent of planned [check] procedures ; ( 2 ) the kinds and competence of available evidential matter produced outside a computerized information system ; and ( 3 ) the effect on the attestation engagement report if evidential matter to be gathered does not afford a reasonable basis to achieve the objectives of the engagement .

Auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .
auditors should make arrangements to make [check] documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .

Contractual arrangements for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .
contractual arrangements for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas should provide for full and timely access to [check] documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of [check] quality control and assurance .

Auditors are not required to include copies of documents they examined as part of the audit documentation , nor are auditors required to list detailed information from those documents .
auditors are not required to include copies of documents they examined as part of the [check] documentation , nor are auditors required to list detailed information from those documents .

An audited entity receiving a GAGAS attestation report may also need a report on the attestation engagement for purposes other than to comply with requirements calling for a GAGAS audit .
an audited entity receiving a gagas attestation report may also need a report on the attestation engagement for purposes other than to comply with requirements calling for a gagas [check] .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control or indications of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance .
auditors should include in their [check] documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control or indications of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft Auditors may wish to attach the comment letter to the audit report to provide the reader with both points of view .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft auditors may wish to attach the comment letter to the [check] report to provide the reader with both points of view .

Auditors should also send copies of the reports to other officials GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .
auditors should also send copies of the reports to other officials gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on [check] findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .

The field work standards for performance audits relate to planning the audit , supervising staff , obtaining sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence , and preparing audit documentation .
the field work standards for performance audits relate to planning the [check] , supervising staff , obtaining sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence , and preparing [check] documentation .

Audit objectives , scope , and methodologies are not determined in isolation .
[check] objectives , scope , and methodologies are not determined in isolation .

Auditors determine these three elements of the audit plan together , as the considerations in determining each often overlap .
auditors determine these three elements of the [check] plan together , as the considerations in determining each often overlap .

Planning is a continuous process throughout the audit .
planning is a continuous process throughout the [check] .

Therefore , auditors should consider the need to make adjustments to the audit objectives , scope , and methodology as work is being completed .
therefore , auditors should consider the need to make adjustments to the [check] objectives , scope , and methodology as work is being completed .

For example , the scope defines parameters of the audit such as the period of time reviewed , the availability of necessary documentation or records , and the number of locations at which field work will be conducted .
for example , the scope defines parameters of the [check] such as the period of time reviewed , the availability of necessary documentation or records , and the number of locations at which field work will be conducted .

Audit procedures are the specific steps and tests auditors will carry out to address the audit objectives .
[check] procedures are the specific steps and tests auditors will carry out to address the [check] objectives .

Auditors should design the methodology to provide sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to achieve the objectives of the audit .
auditors should design the methodology to provide sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to achieve the objectives of the [check] .

Methodology includes both the types and extent of audit procedures used to achieve the audit objectives .
methodology includes both the types and extent of [check] procedures used to achieve the [check] objectives .

Auditors should consider the significance of a program or program component and the potential use that will be made of the audit results or report as they plan a performance audit .
auditors should consider the significance of a program or program component and the potential use that will be made of the [check] results or report as they plan a performance [check] .

Other potential users of the auditors ' report include government legislators or officials ( other than those who may have authorized or requested the audit ) , the media , interest groups , and individual citizens .
other potential users of the auditors ' report include government legislators or officials ( other than those who may have authorized or requested the [check] ) , the media , interest groups , and individual citizens .

Understanding the Program 7.10 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .
understanding the program 7.10 auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible [check] objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .

The auditors ' understanding may come from knowledge they already have about the program or knowledge they gain from inquiries and observations they make in planning the audit .
the auditors ' understanding may come from knowledge they already have about the program or knowledge they gain from inquiries and observations they make in planning the [check] .

The extent and breadth of those inquiries and observations will vary among audits based on the audit objectives , as will the need to understand individual aspects of the program , such as the following .
the extent and breadth of those inquiries and observations will vary among audits based on the [check] objectives , as will the need to understand individual aspects of the program , such as the following .

Obtaining that understanding is also a necessary step in identifying provisions of laws and regulations significant to audit objectives .
obtaining that understanding is also a necessary step in identifying provisions of laws and regulations significant to [check] objectives .

Internal Control 7.11 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the internal control environment , as well as specific internal controls , that are significant to the audit objectives , including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements , and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in operation .
internal control 7.11 auditors should obtain an understanding of the internal control environment , as well as specific internal controls , that are significant to the [check] objectives , including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements , and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in operation .

Auditors also need to consider whether any reliance will be placed on internal controls in designing audit procedures .
auditors also need to consider whether any reliance will be placed on internal controls in designing [check] procedures .

If so , auditors should include GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft specific tests of the effectiveness of internal control and consider the results in designing audit procedures.4 Management is responsible for establishing effective internal control .
if so , auditors should include gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft specific tests of the effectiveness of internal control and consider the results in designing [check] procedures.4 management is responsible for establishing effective internal control .

The following are examples of how the auditors ' understanding of internal control can influence the audit plan .
the following are examples of how the auditors ' understanding of internal control can influence the [check] plan .

Audit objectives : Poorly controlled aspects of a program have a higher risk of failure , so they may be more significant than others in terms of where auditors would want to focus their efforts .
[check] objectives : poorly controlled aspects of a program have a higher risk of failure , so they may be more significant than others in terms of where auditors would want to focus their efforts .

Audit scope : Knowledge of the internal control environment and the status of controls in a certain location may lead auditors to target their efforts there .
[check] scope : knowledge of the internal control environment and the status of controls in a certain location may lead auditors to target their efforts there .

Considering Legal , Regulatory , and Other Compliance Requirements 7.17 When laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements are significant to the audit objectives , auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance about compliance with them .
considering legal , regulatory , and other compliance requirements 7.17 when laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements are significant to the [check] objectives , auditors should design the [check] to provide reasonable assurance about compliance with them .

This requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 Based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .
this requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the [check] objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .

Auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .
auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when [check] objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 depending on the circumstances of the [check] , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other [check] organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .

Reduce each audit objective to questions about specific aspects of the program being audited ( that is , purpose and goals , internal control , efforts , program operations , outputs , and outcomes , as discussed in paragraph 7.10 ) .
reduce each [check] objective to questions about specific aspects of the program being audited ( that is , purpose and goals , internal control , efforts , program operations , outputs , and outcomes , as discussed in paragraph 7.10 ) .

Identify laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements that directly relate to specific aspects of the program included in questions that reflect the audit objectives .
identify laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements that directly relate to specific aspects of the program included in questions that reflect the [check] objectives .

If they could , then those laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are likely to be significant to the audit objectives .
if they could , then those laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are likely to be significant to the [check] objectives .

Criteria , one of the elements of a finding , provide a context for understanding the results of the audit .
criteria , one of the elements of a finding , provide a context for understanding the results of the [check] .

The audit plan , where possible , should state the criteria to be used .
the [check] plan , where possible , should state the criteria to be used .

In selecting criteria , auditors have a responsibility to use criteria that are reasonable , attainable , and relevant to the objectives of the performance audit .
in selecting criteria , auditors have a responsibility to use criteria that are reasonable , attainable , and relevant to the objectives of the performance [check] .

For example , an audit report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the audit if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting or other information the auditors plan on using .
for example , an [check] report on an entity 's computerized information systems may contain significant findings that could relate to the [check] if the entity uses such systems to process its accounting or other information the auditors plan on using .

In any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit objectives .
in any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the [check] objectives .

Ultimately , the benefits of audit work occur when audit findings are resolved through meaningful and effective corrective action taken in response to the auditors ' findings and recommendations .
ultimately , the benefits of [check] work occur when [check] findings are resolved through meaningful and effective corrective action taken in response to the auditors ' findings and recommendations .

Officials of the audited entity are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .
officials of the audited entity are responsible for resolving [check] findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 98 Identifying Sources of Audit Evidence 7.24 In identifying potential sources of data that could be used as audit evidence , auditors should consider the validity and reliability of these data , including data collected by the audited entity , data generated by the auditors , or data provided by third parties , as well as the sufficiency and relevance of the evidence .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 98 identifying sources of [check] evidence 7.24 in identifying potential sources of data that could be used as [check] evidence , auditors should consider the validity and reliability of these data , including data collected by the audited entity , data generated by the auditors , or data provided by third parties , as well as the sufficiency and relevance of the evidence .

Whether other auditors have done performance audits , financial audits , or attestation engagements , the other auditors may be useful sources of information for planning and performing the audit .
whether other auditors have done performance audits , financial audits , or attestation engagements , the other auditors may be useful sources of information for planning and performing the [check] .

Auditors can determine the sufficiency , relevance , and competence of other auditors ' evidence by reviewing their report , audit program , or audit documentation , or by performing supplemental tests of the other auditors ' work .
auditors can determine the sufficiency , relevance , and competence of other auditors ' evidence by reviewing their report , [check] program , or [check] documentation , or by performing supplemental tests of the other auditors ' work .

Auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and regulations or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions .
auditors from another country engaged to conduct audits in their country should meet the professional qualifications to practice under that country 's laws and regulations or other acceptable standards , such as those issued by the international organization of supreme [check] institutions .

Auditors may be able to overcome such limitations by using staff from any existing local field offices of the audit entity or by engaging consultants with the necessary expertise .
auditors may be able to overcome such limitations by using staff from any existing local field offices of the [check] entity or by engaging consultants with the necessary expertise .

Communicating With Management and Others 7.32 Auditors should communicate information about the specific nature of the audit , as well as general information concerning the planning and conduct of the performance audit , to the various parties involved in the audit to help them understand the objectives , time frames , and any data needs .
communicating with management and others 7.32 auditors should communicate information about the specific nature of the [check] , as well as general information concerning the planning and conduct of the performance [check] , to the various parties involved in the [check] to help them understand the objectives , time frames , and any data needs .

The form and content of the written audit plan will vary among audits but should include an audit program or project plan , a memorandum , or other appropriate documentation of key decisions about the audit objectives , scope , and methodology and of the auditors ' basis for those decisions .
the form and content of the written [check] plan will vary among audits but should include an [check] program or project plan , a memorandum , or other appropriate documentation of key decisions about the [check] objectives , scope , and methodology and of the auditors ' basis for those decisions .

It should be updated , as necessary , to reflect any significant changes to the plan made during the audit .
it should be updated , as necessary , to reflect any significant changes to the plan made during the [check] .

Information about the legal authority for the audited program , its history and current objectives , its principal locations , and other background that can help auditors understand and carry out the audit plan .
information about the legal authority for the audited program , its history and current objectives , its principal locations , and other background that can help auditors understand and carry out the [check] plan .

Information about the responsibilities of each member of the audit team ( such as preparing audit programs , conducting audit work , supervising and reviewing audit work , drafting reports , handling comments from officials of the audited program , and processing the final report ) , which can help auditors when the work is conducted at several different locations .
information about the responsibilities of each member of the [check] team ( such as preparing [check] programs , conducting [check] work , supervising and reviewing [check] work , drafting reports , handling comments from officials of the audited program , and processing the final report ) , which can help auditors when the work is conducted at several different locations .

In these audits , use of comparable audit methods and procedures can help make the data obtained from participating locations comparable .
in these audits , use of comparable [check] methods and procedures can help make the data obtained from participating locations comparable .

With a less experienced staff , supervisors may have to specify audit procedures to be performed as well as techniques for gathering and analyzing data .
with a less experienced staff , supervisors may have to specify [check] procedures to be performed as well as techniques for gathering and analyzing data .

In evaluating evidence , auditors consider whether they have obtained the evidence necessary to achieve specific audit objectives .
in evaluating evidence , auditors consider whether they have obtained the evidence necessary to achieve specific [check] objectives .

When internal control or compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives , auditors should also collect and evaluate evidence relating to controls or compliance .
when internal control or compliance requirements are significant to the [check] objectives , auditors should also collect and evaluate evidence relating to controls or compliance .

Paragraphs 7.45 through 7.48 describe the elements of an audit finding .
paragraphs 7.45 through 7.48 describe the elements of an [check] finding .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the objectives of the audit .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the objectives of the [check] .

Thus , a finding or set of findings is complete to the extent that the audit objectives are satisfied and the report clearly relates those objectives to the finding 's elements .
thus , a finding or set of findings is complete to the extent that the [check] objectives are satisfied and the report clearly relates those objectives to the finding 's elements .

It has been determined and documented during the audit .
it has been determined and documented during the [check] .

When the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria identified in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .
when the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria identified in the [check] , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .

When the auditors ' objectives include explaining why a particular type of positive or negative performance identified in the audit occurred , the reasons for that performance are referred to as `` cause . ''
when the auditors ' objectives include explaining why a particular type of positive or negative performance identified in the [check] occurred , the reasons for that performance are referred to as `` cause . ''

Tests of Evidence 7.49 Evidence should be sufficient , competent , and relevant to support a sound basis for audit findings , conclusions , and recommendations .
tests of evidence 7.49 evidence should be sufficient , competent , and relevant to support a sound basis for [check] findings , conclusions , and recommendations .

However , auditors should determine the validity and reliability of these data that are significant to the audit objectives and may do so by direct tests of the data .
however , auditors should determine the validity and reliability of these data that are significant to the [check] objectives and may do so by direct tests of the data .

In some cases , these data may have been audited by others , or the auditors may be able to audit the data themselves .
in some cases , these data may have been audited by others , or the auditors may be able to [check] the data themselves .

For example , in some circumstances , auditors may use unaudited data to provide background information ; however , the use of such unaudited data would generally not be appropriate to support audit findings and conclusions .
for example , in some circumstances , auditors may use unaudited data to provide background information ; however , the use of such unaudited data would generally not be appropriate to support [check] findings and conclusions .

If auditors determine that internal controls over data which are significantly dependent upon computerized information systems are not effective or if auditors do not plan to test the effectiveness of such controls , auditors should include audit documentation regarding the basis for that conclusion by addressing ( 1 ) the reasons why the design or operation of the controls is ineffective , or ( 2 ) the reasons why it is inefficient to test the controls .
if auditors determine that internal controls over data which are significantly dependent upon computerized information systems are not effective or if auditors do not plan to test the effectiveness of such controls , auditors should include [check] documentation regarding the basis for that conclusion by addressing ( 1 ) the reasons why the design or operation of the controls is ineffective , or ( 2 ) the reasons why it is inefficient to test the controls .

In such circumstances , auditors should also include audit documentation regarding their reasons for concluding that the planned audit procedures are effectively designed to achieve specific audit objectives .
in such circumstances , auditors should also include [check] documentation regarding their reasons for concluding that the planned [check] procedures are effectively designed to achieve specific [check] objectives .

When information comes to the auditors ' attention ( through audit procedures , allegations received through fraud hotlines , or other means ) indicating that fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance may have occurred , auditors should consider whether the possible fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance could significantly affect the audit results .
when information comes to the auditors ' attention ( through [check] procedures , allegations received through fraud hotlines , or other means ) indicating that fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance may have occurred , auditors should consider whether the possible fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance could significantly affect the [check] results .

If they could , the auditors should extend the audit steps and procedures , as necessary , ( 1 ) to determine if fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance are likely to have occurred and ( 2 ) if so , to determine their effect on the audit results .
if they could , the auditors should extend the [check] steps and procedures , as necessary , ( 1 ) to determine if fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance are likely to have occurred and ( 2 ) if so , to determine their effect on the [check] results .

Under some circumstances , laws , regulations , or policies require auditors to report indications of certain types of illegal acts to law enforcement or investigatory authorities before extending audit steps and procedures .
under some circumstances , laws , regulations , or policies require auditors to report indications of certain types of illegal acts to law enforcement or investigatory authorities before extending [check] steps and procedures .

Auditors may also be required to withdraw from or defer further work on the audit or a portion of the audit in order not to interfere with an investigation .
auditors may also be required to withdraw from or defer further work on the [check] or a portion of the [check] in order not to interfere with an investigation .

When information comes to the auditors ' attention ( through audit procedures , allegations received through a fraud hotline , or other means ) indicating that abuse may have occurred , auditors should consider whether the possible abuse could significantly affect the audit results .
when information comes to the auditors ' attention ( through [check] procedures , allegations received through a fraud hotline , or other means ) indicating that abuse may have occurred , auditors should consider whether the possible abuse could significantly affect the [check] results .

If it could , the auditors should extend the audit steps and procedures , as necessary , ( 1 ) to determine if the abuse occurred and ( 2 ) if so , to determine its effect on the audit results .
if it could , the auditors should extend the [check] steps and procedures , as necessary , ( 1 ) to determine if the abuse occurred and ( 2 ) if so , to determine its effect on the [check] results .

AUDIT DOCUMENTATION 7.64 The fourth field work standard for performance audits is : Auditors should prepare and maintain audit documentation .
[check] documentation 7.64 the fourth field work standard for performance audits is : auditors should prepare and maintain [check] documentation .

Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the audit , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
[check] documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the [check] , to ascertain from the [check] documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

Audit documentation that supports significant findings , conclusions , and recommendations should be complete before auditors issue their report .
[check] documentation that supports significant findings , conclusions , and recommendations should be complete before auditors issue their report .

The information contained in audit documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .
the information contained in [check] documentation constitutes the principal record of the work that the auditors have performed and the conclusions that the auditors have reached .

The quantity , type , and content of audit documentation is a matter of the auditors ' professional judgment .
the quantity , type , and content of [check] documentation is a matter of the auditors ' professional judgment .

Audit documentation allows for the review of audit quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .
[check] documentation allows for the review of [check] quality by providing the reviewer documentation , either in written or electronic formats , of the evidence supporting the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .

If audit documentation is only retained electronically , the audit organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for audit documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .
if [check] documentation is only retained electronically , the [check] organization should ensure that the electronic documentation is capable of being accessed throughout the specified retention period established for [check] documentation and is safeguarded through sound computer security .

Auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .
auditors should make arrangements to make [check] documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .

Contractual arrangements for GAGAS audits should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .
contractual arrangements for gagas audits should provide for full and timely access to [check] documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of [check] quality control and assurance .

For example , when this work includes examination of management 's records , the audit documentation should describe those records so that an experienced reviewer would be able to examine those same records .
for example , when this work includes examination of management 's records , the [check] documentation should describe those records so that an experienced reviewer would be able to examine those same records .

They are not required to include in the audit documentation copies of documents they examined , nor are they required to list detailed information from those documents .
they are not required to include in the [check] documentation copies of documents they examined , nor are they required to list detailed information from those documents .

FORM 8.2 The first reporting standard for performance audits is : Auditors should prepare audit reports communicating the results of each audit .
form 8.2 the first reporting standard for performance audits is : auditors should prepare [check] reports communicating the results of each [check] .

Auditors should use their professional judgment including consideration of users ' needs , likely demand , and distribution in determining the form of the audit report .
auditors should use their professional judgment including consideration of users ' needs , likely demand , and distribution in determining the form of the [check] report .

In addition to a more formal presentation of audit results , such as a chapter report or a letter report , briefing slides may be considered audit reports .
in addition to a more formal presentation of [check] results , such as a chapter report or a letter report , briefing slides may be considered [check] reports .

Audit reports also may be presented on electronic media that are retrievable by report users and the audit organization , such as video or compact disk formats .
[check] reports also may be presented on electronic media that are retrievable by report users and the [check] organization , such as video or compact disk formats .

However , to comply with these standards , audit reports , regardless of form , should comply with all applicable reporting standards .
however , to comply with these standards , [check] reports , regardless of form , should comply with all applicable reporting standards .

The need to maintain public accountability for government program demands that audit reports be retrievable .
the need to maintain public accountability for government program demands that [check] reports be retrievable .

In the absence of an audit report , auditors should also write a memorandum for the record that summarizes the results of the work to the date of termination and explains why the audit was terminated .
in the absence of an [check] report , auditors should also write a memorandum for the record that summarizes the results of the work to the date of termination and explains why the [check] was terminated .

REPORT CONTENTS 8.7 The second reporting standard for performance audits is : The audit report should include the objectives , scope , and methodology ; the audit results , including findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as appropriate ; a reference to compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards ; the views of responsible officials ; and , if applicable , the nature of any privileged and confidential information omitted .
report contents 8.7 the second reporting standard for performance audits is : the [check] report should include the objectives , scope , and methodology ; the [check] results , including findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as appropriate ; a reference to compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards ; the views of responsible officials ; and , if applicable , the nature of any privileged and confidential information omitted .

Objectives , Scope , and Methodology 8.8 Auditors should include in the report the audit objectives and the scope and methodology used for achieving the audit objectives .
objectives , scope , and methodology 8.8 auditors should include in the report the [check] objectives and the scope and methodology used for achieving the [check] objectives .

This information is needed by report users to understand the purpose of the audit and the nature of the audit work performed , to provide perspective as to what is reported , and to understand any significant limitations in audit objectives , scope , or methodology .
this information is needed by report users to understand the purpose of the [check] and the nature of the [check] work performed , to provide perspective as to what is reported , and to understand any significant limitations in [check] objectives , scope , or methodology .

Auditors should also report the status of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations1 from prior audits that affect the objectives of the current audit .
auditors should also report the status of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations1 from prior audits that affect the objectives of the current [check] .

Objectives 8.9 Audit objectives should be communicated to knowledgeable users by reporting the questions that were to be answered in the audit in a clear , specific , and neutral manner that avoids unstated assumptions .
objectives 8.9 [check] objectives should be communicated to knowledgeable users by reporting the questions that were to be answered in the [check] in a clear , specific , and neutral manner that avoids unstated assumptions .

In reporting the audit objectives , auditors should explain why the audit organization undertook the assignment and state what the report is to accomplish , and why the subject matter is important .
in reporting the [check] objectives , auditors should explain why the [check] organization undertook the assignment and state what the report is to accomplish , and why the subject matter is important .

Articulating what the report is to accomplish normally involves identifying the audit subject and the aspect of performance examined .
articulating what the report is to accomplish normally involves identifying the [check] subject and the aspect of performance examined .

The reported audit objectives provide more meaningful information to report users if they are measurable and feasible and avoid being presented in a broad or general manner .
the reported [check] objectives provide more meaningful information to report users if they are measurable and feasible and avoid being presented in a broad or general manner .

Scope and Methodology 8.10 In reporting the scope of the audit , auditors should describe the depth and coverage of work conducted to accomplish the audit 's objectives .
scope and methodology 8.10 in reporting the scope of the [check] , auditors should describe the depth and coverage of work conducted to accomplish the [check] 's objectives .

Auditors should also report significant constraints imposed on the audit approach by data limitations or scope impairments .
auditors should also report significant constraints imposed on the [check] approach by data limitations or scope impairments .

This explanation should identify any significant assumptions made in conducting the audit ; describe any comparative techniques applied ; describe the criteria used ; and when sampling significantly supports auditors ' findings , describe the sample design and state why it was chosen , including whether the results can be projected to the intended population .
this explanation should identify any significant assumptions made in conducting the [check] ; describe any comparative techniques applied ; describe the criteria used ; and when sampling significantly supports auditors ' findings , describe the sample design and state why it was chosen , including whether the results can be projected to the intended population .

For example , if the auditors are unable to determine the reliability of information from an agency 's database , and information from this database is critical to the audit findings , the report should clearly state the limitations associated with the information and refrain from making unwarranted conclusions or recommendations .
for example , if the auditors are unable to determine the reliability of information from an agency 's database , and information from this database is critical to the [check] findings , the report should clearly state the limitations associated with the information and refrain from making unwarranted conclusions or recommendations .

In these situations , the audit report should also include the reasons the auditors were unable to perform this work and the potential impact on the findings if the information is not reliable .
in these situations , the [check] report should also include the reasons the auditors were unable to perform this work and the potential impact on the findings if the information is not reliable .

Audit Results 8.13 Auditors should report significant findings by providing credible and convincing evidence that relates to the audit objectives .
[check] results 8.13 auditors should report significant findings by providing credible and convincing evidence that relates to the [check] objectives .

An audit report is improved when it provides sufficient contextual sophistication to reflect an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the external environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .
an [check] report is improved when it provides sufficient contextual sophistication to reflect an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the external environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend on the audit objectives .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend on the [check] objectives .

Thus , a finding or set of findings is complete to the extent that the audit objectives are satisfied and the report clearly relates those objectives to the elements of the finding .
thus , a finding or set of findings is complete to the extent that the [check] objectives are satisfied and the report clearly relates those objectives to the elements of the finding .

Appropriate background information may include information on how programs/operations work , the significance of programs/operations ( i.e. , dollars , impact , purposes , and past audit work if relevant ) , a description of the audited entity 's responsibilities , and explanation of terms , organizational structure , and statutory basis for the program/operations .
appropriate background information may include information on how programs/operations work , the significance of programs/operations ( i.e. , dollars , impact , purposes , and past [check] work if relevant ) , a description of the audited entity 's responsibilities , and explanation of terms , organizational structure , and statutory basis for the program/operations .

Criteria : An audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .
criteria : an [check] report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .

The criteria are easier to understand when stated fairly , explicitly , and completely , and the source of the criteria are identified in the audit report .
the criteria are easier to understand when stated fairly , explicitly , and completely , and the source of the criteria are identified in the [check] report .

Condition : The audit report is improved when it provides evidence of what the auditors found regarding the actual situation .
condition : the [check] report is improved when it provides evidence of what the auditors found regarding the actual situation .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation all communications to officials of the audited program about fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance and instances of abuse or internal control weaknesses .
auditors should include in their [check] documentation all communications to officials of the audited program about fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance and instances of abuse or internal control weaknesses .

If the auditors have communicated such instances of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance , abuse , and internal control weaknesses in a management letter to top management , auditors should refer to that management letter in the audit report .
if the auditors have communicated such instances of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance , abuse , and internal control weaknesses in a management letter to top management , auditors should refer to that management letter in the [check] report .

Significant weaknesses are matters coming to the auditors ' attention that they believe should be reported to officials of the audited program because they could adversely affect the program under audit .
significant weaknesses are matters coming to the auditors ' attention that they believe should be reported to officials of the audited program because they could adversely affect the program under [check] .

Auditors should fulfill these responsibilities even if they have resigned or been dismissed from the audit .
auditors should fulfill these responsibilities even if they have resigned or been dismissed from the [check] .

Internal audit organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .
internal [check] organizations do not have a duty to report outside that entity unless required by law , rule , regulation , or policy .

Conclusions 8.25 Auditors should report conclusions when called for by the audit objectives .
conclusions 8.25 auditors should report conclusions when called for by the [check] objectives .

Statement on Compliance With Generally Accepted Government Auditing Standards 8.28 Auditors should report that the audit was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .
statement on compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards 8.28 auditors should report that the [check] was made in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .

The statement of compliance with GAGAS refers to all the applicable standards that the auditors should have followed during the audit .
the statement of compliance with gagas refers to all the applicable standards that the auditors should have followed during the [check] .

In these situations , auditors should report in the scope section the applicable standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected the results of the audit .
in these situations , auditors should report in the scope section the applicable standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected the results of the [check] .

Auditors may wish to attach the comment letter to the audit report to provide the reader with both points of view .
auditors may wish to attach the comment letter to the [check] report to provide the reader with both points of view .

Therefore , auditors should plan for the appropriate issuance of the report and conduct the audit with these goals in mind .
therefore , auditors should plan for the appropriate issuance of the report and conduct the [check] with these goals in mind .

Use of inaccurate evidence can damage the credibility of the issuing audit organization and reduce the effectiveness of its reports .
use of inaccurate evidence can damage the credibility of the issuing [check] organization and reduce the effectiveness of its reports .

Correct portrayal means describing accurately the audit scope and methodology , and presenting findings and conclusions in a manner consistent with the scope of audit work .
correct portrayal means describing accurately the [check] scope and methodology , and presenting findings and conclusions in a manner consistent with the scope of [check] work .

Referencing is a process in which statements of facts , figures , and dates are traced back to the supporting working papers by an experienced auditor who is independent of the audit .
referencing is a process in which statements of facts , figures , and dates are traced back to the supporting working papers by an experienced auditor who is independent of the [check] .

The report should be fair and not misleading , and should place the audit results in perspective .
the report should be fair and not misleading , and should place the [check] results in perspective .

This means presenting the audit results impartially and fairly .
this means presenting the [check] results impartially and fairly .

Convincing 8.47 Being convincing requires that the audit results be responsive to the audit objectives , the findings be presented persuasively , and the conclusions and recommendations follow logically from the facts presented .
convincing 8.47 being convincing requires that the [check] results be responsive to the [check] objectives , the findings be presented persuasively , and the conclusions and recommendations follow logically from the facts presented .

If a summary is used , it generally should focus on the specific answers to the questions in the audit objectives , summarize the audit 's most significant findings and the report 's principal conclusions , and prepare users to anticipate the major recommendations .
if a summary is used , it generally should focus on the specific answers to the questions in the [check] objectives , summarize the [check] 's most significant findings and the report 's principal conclusions , and prepare users to anticipate the major recommendations .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 8.52 The fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : Audit organizations should submit audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 8.52 the fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : [check] organizations should submit [check] reports to the appropriate officials of the audited program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Copies of the reports should also be sent to other officials who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .
copies of the reports should also be sent to other officials who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on [check] findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .

However , if the subject of the audit involves material that is classified for security purposes or is not releasable to particular parties or the public for other valid reasons , auditors should limit the report distribution .
however , if the subject of the [check] involves material that is classified for security purposes or is not releasable to particular parties or the public for other valid reasons , auditors should limit the report distribution .

If the nongovernment audit organization is to make the distribution , the engagement agreement should indicate which officials or organizations should receive the report .
if the nongovernment [check] organization is to make the distribution , the engagement agreement should indicate which officials or organizations should receive the report .

Since then , audit reports have continued to identify widespread information security weaknesses that place critical federal operations and assets at risk .
since then , [check] reports have continued to identify widespread information security weaknesses that place critical federal operations and assets at risk .

In September 1996 , we reported that audit reports and agency selfassessments issued during the previous 2 years showed that weak information security was a widespread problem.1 Specifically , weaknesses such as poor controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses , inappropriate disclosures , and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs .
in september 1996 , we reported that [check] reports and agency selfassessments issued during the previous 2 years showed that weak information security was a widespread problem.1 specifically , weaknesses such as poor controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses , inappropriate disclosures , and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs .

Exploring Practices of Leading Organizations To supplement our ongoing audit work at federal agencies and gain a broader understanding of how information security programs can be successfully implemented , we studied the management practices of eight nonfederal Appendix II lists the principles identified in NIST 's Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems , September 1996 .
exploring practices of leading organizations to supplement our ongoing [check] work at federal agencies and gain a broader understanding of how information security programs can be successfully implemented , we studied the management practices of eight nonfederal appendix ii lists the principles identified in nist 's generally accepted principles and practices for securing information technology systems , september 1996 .

We focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .
we focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen , because previous [check] work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies .

For example , in addition to their own organization 's experience , they noted that information on threats , specific software vulnerabilities , and potential damage was widely available in technical literature , security bulletins from organizations such as the Carnegie-Mellon Computer Emergency Response Team ( CERT ) , surveys done by professional associations and audit firms , and discussion groups .
for example , in addition to their own organization 's experience , they noted that information on threats , specific software vulnerabilities , and potential damage was widely available in technical literature , security bulletins from organizations such as the carnegie-mellon computer emergency response team ( cert ) , surveys done by professional associations and [check] firms , and discussion groups .

This document is then signed by the senior business manager and technical expert participating and copies are made available to all participant groups and to the internal auditors , who may later audit the effectiveness of the agreed upon controls .
this document is then signed by the senior business manager and technical expert participating and copies are made available to all participant groups and to the internal auditors , who may later [check] the effectiveness of the agreed upon controls .

However , the university had established an information security policy committee that included top university officials , legal counsel , and representatives from student affairs , faculty affairs , and internal audit to assist in the development and review of policies .
however , the university had established an information security policy committee that included top university officials , legal counsel , and representatives from student affairs , faculty affairs , and internal [check] to assist in the development and review of policies .

In these cases , the central security management groups kept track of audit findings related to information security and the organization 's progress in implementing corrective actions .
in these cases , the central security management groups kept track of [check] findings related to information security and the organization 's progress in implementing corrective actions .

Ratings based on audit findings serve as an independent measure of control effectiveness and management awareness .
ratings based on [check] findings serve as an independent measure of control effectiveness and management awareness .

At the start of every audit , the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have deemed necessary and have planned .
at the start of every [check] , the auditors ask the pertinent business managers what weaknesses exist in their operations and what corrective actions they have deemed necessary and have planned .

After audit work is complete , the auditors compare their findings with management 's original assertions to see if management was generally aware of all of the weaknesses prior to the audit .
after [check] work is complete , the auditors compare their findings with management 's original assertions to see if management was generally aware of all of the weaknesses prior to the [check] .

GAO Reports and Testimonies on Information Security Issued Since September 1993 U.S. Government Financial Statements : Results of GAO 's Fiscal Year 1997 Audit ( GAO/T-AIMD-98-128 , April 1 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : 1997 Consolidated Financial Statements of the United States Government ( GAO/AIMD-98-127 , March 31 , 1998 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Custodial Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-98-18 , December 24 , 1997 ) Financial Management : Review of the Military Retirement Trust Fund 's Actuarial Model and Related Computer Controls ( GAO/AIMD-97-128 , September 9 , 1997 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1996 Administrative Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-97-89 , August 29 , 1997 ) Social Security Administration : Internet Access to Personal Earnings and Benefits Information ( GAO/T-AIMD/HEHS-97-123 , May 6 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security and Funding : Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-82 , April 15 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/T-AIMD-97-76 , April 10 , 1997 ) IRS Systems Security : Tax Processing Operations and Data Still at Risk Due to Serious Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-97-49 , April 8 , 1997 ) High Risk Series : Information Management and Technology ( GAO/HR-97-9 , February 1997 ) Information Security : Opportunities for Improved OMB Oversight of Agency Practices ( GAO/AIMD-96-110 , September 24 , 1996 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1995 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-96-101 , July 11 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Actions Underway But IRS Has Not Corrected Management and Technical Weaknesses ( GAO/AIMD-96-106 , June 7 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Hacker Information Available on the Internet ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-108 , June 5 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/AIMD-96-84 , May 22 , 1996 ) Information Security : Computer Attacks at Department of Defense Pose Increasing Risks ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-92 , May 22 , 1996 ) Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO/AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 ) Tax Systems Modernization : Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-75 , March 26 , 1996 ) Financial Management : Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act ( GAO/T-AIMD-96-1 , November 14 , 1995 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1994 Financial Statements ( GAO/ AIMD-95-141 , August 4 , 1995 ) Federal Family Education Loan Information System : Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 ) Department of Energy : Procedures Lacking to Protect Computerized Data ( GAO/AIMD-95-118 , June 5 , 1995 ) Financial Management : Control Weaknesses Increase Risk of Improper Navy Civilian Payroll Payments ( GAO/AIMD-95-73 , May 8 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO/AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 ) Information Superhighway : Issues Affecting Development ( GAO/RCED-94-285 , September 30 , 1994 ) IRS Automation : Controlling Electronic Filing Fraud and Improper Access to Taxpayer Data ( GAO/T-AIMD/GGD-94-183 , July 19 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Family Education Loan Program 's Financial Statements for Fiscal Years 1993 and 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-131 , June 30 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of Customs ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-119 , June 15 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Examination of IRS ' Fiscal Year 1993 Financial Statements ( GAO/AIMD-94-120 , June 15 , 1994 ) HUD Information Resources : Strategic Focus and Improved Management Controls Needed ( GAO/AIMD-94-34 , April 14 , 1994 ) Financial Audit : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Internal Controls as of December 31 , 1992 ( GAO/AIMD-94-35 , February 4 , 1994 ) Financial Management : Strong Leadership Needed to Improve Army 's Financial Accountability ( GAO/AIMD-94-12 , December 22 , 1993 ) Communications Privacy : Federal Policy and Actions ( GAO/OSI-94-2 , November 4 , 1993 ) IRS Information Systems : Weaknesses Increase Risk of Fraud and Impair Reliability of Management Information ( GAO/AIMD-93-34 , September 22 , 1993 ) Document Security : Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents ( GAO/GGD-93-134 , September 7 , 1993 )
gao reports and testimonies on information security issued since september 1993 u.s. government financial statements : results of gao 's fiscal year 1997 [check] ( gao/t-aimd-98-128 , april 1 , 1998 ) financial [check] : 1997 consolidated financial statements of the united states government ( gao/aimd-98-127 , march 31 , 1998 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 custodial financial statements ( gao/aimd-98-18 , december 24 , 1997 ) financial management : review of the military retirement trust fund 's actuarial model and related computer controls ( gao/aimd-97-128 , september 9 , 1997 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1996 administrative financial statements ( gao/aimd-97-89 , august 29 , 1997 ) social security administration : internet access to personal earnings and benefits information ( gao/t-aimd/hehs-97-123 , may 6 , 1997 ) irs systems security and funding : employee browsing not being addressed effectively and budget requests for new systems development not justified ( gao/t-aimd-97-82 , april 15 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/t-aimd-97-76 , april 10 , 1997 ) irs systems security : tax processing operations and data still at risk due to serious weaknesses ( gao/aimd-97-49 , april 8 , 1997 ) high risk series : information management and technology ( gao/hr-97-9 , february 1997 ) information security : opportunities for improved omb oversight of agency practices ( gao/aimd-96-110 , september 24 , 1996 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1995 financial statements ( gao/aimd-96-101 , july 11 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : actions underway but irs has not corrected management and technical weaknesses ( gao/aimd-96-106 , june 7 , 1996 ) information security : computer hacker information available on the internet ( gao/t-aimd-96-108 , june 5 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/aimd-96-84 , may 22 , 1996 ) information security : computer attacks at department of defense pose increasing risks ( gao/t-aimd-96-92 , may 22 , 1996 ) security weaknesses at irs ' cyberfile data center ( gao/aimd-96-85r , may 9 , 1996 ) tax systems modernization : management and technical weaknesses must be overcome to achieve success ( gao/t-aimd-96-75 , march 26 , 1996 ) financial management : challenges facing dod in meeting the goals of the chief financial officers act ( gao/t-aimd-96-1 , november 14 , 1995 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1994 financial statements ( gao/ aimd-95-141 , august 4 , 1995 ) federal family education loan information system : weak computer controls increase risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data ( gao/aimd-95-117 , june 12 , 1995 ) department of energy : procedures lacking to protect computerized data ( gao/aimd-95-118 , june 5 , 1995 ) financial management : control weaknesses increase risk of improper navy civilian payroll payments ( gao/aimd-95-73 , may 8 , 1995 ) information superhighway : an overview of technology challenges ( gao/aimd-95-23 , january 23 , 1995 ) information superhighway : issues affecting development ( gao/rced-94-285 , september 30 , 1994 ) irs automation : controlling electronic filing fraud and improper access to taxpayer data ( gao/t-aimd/ggd-94-183 , july 19 , 1994 ) financial [check] : federal family education loan program 's financial statements for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-131 , june 30 , 1994 ) financial [check] : examination of customs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-119 , june 15 , 1994 ) financial [check] : examination of irs ' fiscal year 1993 financial statements ( gao/aimd-94-120 , june 15 , 1994 ) hud information resources : strategic focus and improved management controls needed ( gao/aimd-94-34 , april 14 , 1994 ) financial [check] : federal deposit insurance corporation 's internal controls as of december 31 , 1992 ( gao/aimd-94-35 , february 4 , 1994 ) financial management : strong leadership needed to improve army 's financial accountability ( gao/aimd-94-12 , december 22 , 1993 ) communications privacy : federal policy and actions ( gao/osi-94-2 , november 4 , 1993 ) irs information systems : weaknesses increase risk of fraud and impair reliability of management information ( gao/aimd-93-34 , september 22 , 1993 ) document security : justice can improve its controls over classified and sensitive documents ( gao/ggd-93-134 , september 7 , 1993 )

GAO hired additional audit clerks and freight examiners , nearly tripling the size of the agency to nearly 15,000 by 1946 .
gao hired additional [check] clerks and freight examiners , nearly tripling the size of the agency to nearly 15,000 by 1946 .

In the 1970s and 1980s , the agency made increasing use of computers in its audit and administrative operations .
in the 1970s and 1980s , the agency made increasing use of computers in its [check] and administrative operations .

He made major contributions to the development of the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions ( INTOSAI ) , which includes 179 countries , and he also created an international fellows program at GAO to provide support , training , and guidance to a cadre of key individuals from accountability organizations worldwide .
he made major contributions to the development of the international organization of supreme [check] institutions ( intosai ) , which includes 179 countries , and he also created an international fellows program at gao to provide support , training , and guidance to a cadre of key individuals from accountability organizations worldwide .

Additionally , GAO 's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls .
additionally , gao 's federalinformationsystemcontrolsauditmanualis now used by most major federal [check] entities to evaluate computerrelated controls .

Recent audit reports issued by us and by agency inspectors general show that most of the largest federal agencies have significant computer security weaknesses .
recent [check] reports issued by us and by agency inspectors general show that most of the largest federal agencies have significant computer security weaknesses .

In conjunction with the agency 's mission and core values , GAO must , among other things , be professional , objective , factbased , nonpartisan , nonideological , fair , and balanced in all of its audit , investigation , and evaluation work .
in conjunction with the agency 's mission and core values , gao must , among other things , be professional , objective , factbased , nonpartisan , nonideological , fair , and balanced in all of its [check] , investigation , and evaluation work .

Based on its insight and knowledge of government accountability , GAO can provide effectively packaged information about agencies and programs from a variety of audit and program sources to support the oversight work of congressional committees , including the information resulting from the management reforms in the 1990s .
based on its insight and knowledge of government accountability , gao can provide effectively packaged information about agencies and programs from a variety of [check] and program sources to support the oversight work of congressional committees , including the information resulting from the management reforms in the 1990s .

As noted in our prior correspondence concerning this matter , the information we are seeking is clearly within our statutory audit and access authority .
as noted in our prior correspondence concerning this matter , the information we are seeking is clearly within our statutory [check] and access authority .

We strongly disagree with the Vice President 's objections to our audit and access authority .
we strongly disagree with the vice president 's objections to our [check] and access authority .

The resolution process begins when audit or other review results are reported to management , and is completed only after action has been taken that ( 1 ) corrects identified deficiencies , ( 2 ) produces improvements , or ( 3 ) demonstrates the findings and recommendationsdo not warrant management action .
the resolution process begins when [check] or other review results are reported to management , and is completed only after action has been taken that ( 1 ) corrects identified deficiencies , ( 2 ) produces improvements , or ( 3 ) demonstrates the findings and recommendationsdo not warrant management action .

It incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce audit planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .
it incorporates a risk assessment methodology intended to reduce [check] planning time and ensure that significant issues are included .

The audit guide consists of 10 chapters , with appendixes .
the [check] guide consists of 10 chapters , with appendixes .

The nine chapters present audit guidance on :
the nine chapters present [check] guidance on :

Each chapter lists audit objectives , commonly expected documentation , detailed audit questions , and references to federal regulations and guidance .
each chapter lists [check] objectives , commonly expected documentation , detailed [check] questions , and references to federal regulations and guidance .

This audit guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the GAO model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition regulations , General Services Administration ( GSA ) guidance , and Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) circulars .
this [check] guide is also available in a software format , accompanied by reference materials such as the gao model of the acquisition process , relevant federal acquisition regulations , general services administration ( gsa ) guidance , and office of management and budget ( omb ) circulars .

Introduction This audit guide is based on and incorporates GAO 's information technology acquisition model .
introduction this [check] guide is based on and incorporates gao 's information technology acquisition model .

Auditors will need to exercise professional judgment in assessing the significance of audit results or findings .
auditors will need to exercise professional judgment in assessing the significance of [check] results or findings .

The audit team should include experienced members with enough knowledge of information technologies to satisfy the Government Auditing Standards requirement that auditors have appropriate skills and knowledge .
the [check] team should include experienced members with enough knowledge of information technologies to satisfy the government auditing standards requirement that auditors have appropriate skills and knowledge .

The audit approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk assessment of an acquisition project at any point in its development .
the [check] approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk assessment of an acquisition project at any point in its development .

The audit steps and questions provided are directed toward assessing whether an agency has sufficiently addressed critical factors , including support from managers and users , adequate project staff , and controls over the acquisition 's scope before and after a contract is awarded .
the [check] steps and questions provided are directed toward assessing whether an agency has sufficiently addressed critical factors , including support from managers and users , adequate project staff , and controls over the acquisition 's scope before and after a contract is awarded .

Organization and Use of the Audit Guide The agency 's directives should also show the specific milestones and documentation required for a procurement .
organization and use of the [check] guide the agency 's directives should also show the specific milestones and documentation required for a procurement .

The chapters of this audit guide focus on logically distinct steps of the acquisition process , as described on page 10 of GAO 's acquisition model .
the chapters of this [check] guide focus on logically distinct steps of the acquisition process , as described on page 10 of gao 's acquisition model .

In addition , each chapter identifies specific audit objectives and documentation expected for the major activities at that point in the acquisition process .
in addition , each chapter identifies specific [check] objectives and documentation expected for the major activities at that point in the acquisition process .

Finally , each chapter sets out audit steps to help plan and conduct the assessment of an acquisition .
finally , each chapter sets out [check] steps to help plan and conduct the assessment of an acquisition .

The questions may need to be tailored to Page 11 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks the particular circumstances of an audit , using the subject agency 's requirements .
the questions may need to be tailored to page 11 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks the particular circumstances of an [check] , using the subject agency 's requirements .

The appendixes provide further information for use in planning and conducting an acquisition audit .
the appendixes provide further information for use in planning and conducting an acquisition [check] .

Application of Audit Guide to Prototyping Methodology slippage later on .
application of [check] guide to prototyping methodology slippage later on .

Auditors will need to tailor the use of the tools described in appendix II to the circumstances of the audit .
auditors will need to tailor the use of the tools described in appendix ii to the circumstances of the [check] .

The audit steps in this section should be used to assess the potential risks posed by the lack of management or user support .
the [check] steps in this section should be used to assess the potential risks posed by the lack of management or user support .

Audit Steps : Top Management Support 1 .
[check] steps : top management support 1 .

Audit Steps : User Involvement whether senior managers fostered good working relations among the sponsor , acquisition manager ( program manager ) , other top managers , the technical offices , and the contracting community .
[check] steps : user involvement whether senior managers fostered good working relations among the sponsor , acquisition manager ( program manager ) , other top managers , the technical offices , and the contracting community .

Page 20 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks k. Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition .
page 20 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks k. participate in the postaward [check] for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition .

Audit Steps : Project Staff manager 's responsibility and accountability are defined .
[check] steps : project staff manager 's responsibility and accountability are defined .

Audit Steps : Needs Determination 1. Review the agency 's stated needs , which may bedocumented in a Mission Element Needs Statement , Statement of Operational Need , or System Operational Concept .
[check] steps : needs determination 1. review the agency 's stated needs , which may bedocumented in a mission element needs statement , statement of operational need , or system operational concept .

Audit Steps : Specifications 7 .
[check] steps : specifications 7 .

Audit Objectives After identifying its requirements , the agency should assess alternatives for cost-effectively meeting those requirements .
[check] objectives after identifying its requirements , the agency should assess alternatives for cost-effectively meeting those requirements .

Determine whether the acquisition plan was Audit Steps reviewed and approved in a timely manner by the officials designated in the agency 's acquisition regulations .
determine whether the acquisition plan was [check] steps reviewed and approved in a timely manner by the officials designated in the agency 's acquisition regulations .

The audit team should include persons sufficiently knowledgeable about the information technology being purchased to judge how well the agency has defined its requirements in the RFP .
the [check] team should include persons sufficiently knowledgeable about the information technology being purchased to judge how well the agency has defined its requirements in the rfp .

Audit Objectives To determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .
[check] objectives to determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .

Audit Steps 1 .
[check] steps 1 .

Was a preaward audit of the cost proposal obtained and used during negotiations ?
was a preaward [check] of the cost proposal obtained and used during negotiations ?

Were the offeror 's proposed rates compared with the direct , indirect , overhead , and general and administrative rates recommended by the appropriate contract audit activity ?
were the offeror 's proposed rates compared with the direct , indirect , overhead , and general and administrative rates recommended by the appropriate contract [check] activity ?

Different metrics may be useful for an audit , depending on the objectives and status of an acquisition .
different metrics may be useful for an [check] , depending on the objectives and status of an acquisition .

Therefore , in applying software metrics to audit work , care must be taken to follow generally accepted government auditing standards when drawing conclusions based on the results of software metrics .
therefore , in applying software metrics to [check] work , care must be taken to follow generally accepted government auditing standards when drawing conclusions based on the results of software metrics .

Procedures for minimizing the effect of these limitations require , for example , proper technical advice , qualifying language in audit reports , and a review of data and assumptions by agency officials .
procedures for minimizing the effect of these limitations require , for example , proper technical advice , qualifying language in [check] reports , and a review of data and assumptions by agency officials .

GAO Audit Guidance • Information Technology : A Model to Help Managers Decrease Acquisition Risks ( GAO/IMTEC-8.1.6 , August 1990 ) .
gao [check] guidance • information technology : a model to help managers decrease acquisition risks ( gao/imtec-8.1.6 , august 1990 ) .

In addition to seeking clarification of various operational issues , some agencies raised questions concerning the statements of our audit and access authorities cited in the protocols .
in addition to seeking clarification of various operational issues , some agencies raised questions concerning the statements of our [check] and access authorities cited in the protocols .

The protocols reflect the framework of GAO 's engagement and audit activities .
the protocols reflect the framework of gao 's engagement and [check] activities .

Through the IG 's active participation in the Comptroller General 's Advisory Council on Government Auditing Standards , the Domestic Working Group , and the activities of the Intergovernmental Audit Forums , GAO and the IGs share information , identify emerging issues , and achieve broad coordination .
through the ig 's active participation in the comptroller general 's advisory council on government auditing standards , the domestic working group , and the activities of the intergovernmental [check] forums , gao and the igs share information , identify emerging issues , and achieve broad coordination .

Furthermore , at agencies where GAO has a substantial ongoing audit presence , as a professional courtesy , GAO meets periodically with representatives of the agency 's Office of Inspector General to ( 1 ) coordinate work between GAO and the Office of Inspector General , ( 2 ) achieve efficiencies and minimize duplication , and ( 3 ) identify specific issues that might benefit from a collaborative effort between GAO and the Office of Inspector General .
furthermore , at agencies where gao has a substantial ongoing [check] presence , as a professional courtesy , gao meets periodically with representatives of the agency 's office of inspector general to ( 1 ) coordinate work between gao and the office of inspector general , ( 2 ) achieve efficiencies and minimize duplication , and ( 3 ) identify specific issues that might benefit from a collaborative effort between gao and the office of inspector general .

GAO performs its audit and analytical work in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( GAGAS or the `` Yellow Book '' standards which can be found at www.gao.gov ) .
gao performs its [check] and analytical work in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards ( gagas or the `` yellow book '' standards which can be found at www.gao.gov ) .

OMB Circular 50 provides the policies and procedures for use by executive agencies when considering reports issued by GAO and Inspectors General , other executive branch audit organizations , and nonfederal auditors where follow-up is necessary ; and OMB Circular A-123 addresses internal management control systems .
omb circular 50 provides the policies and procedures for use by executive agencies when considering reports issued by gao and inspectors general , other executive branch [check] organizations , and nonfederal auditors where follow-up is necessary ; and omb circular a-123 addresses internal management control systems .

Among the requirements included are that the agency ( 1 ) appoint a top-level audit follow-up official , ( 2 ) maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations , and ( 3 ) assign a high priority to following up on audit recommendations .
among the requirements included are that the agency ( 1 ) appoint a top-level [check] follow-up official , ( 2 ) maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations , and ( 3 ) assign a high priority to following up on [check] recommendations .

In the event there is a certification , generally accepted government auditing standards require that the limitations to GAO 's access to records be identified in the product and that the audit findings be adjusted accordingly .
in the event there is a certification , generally accepted government auditing standards require that the limitations to gao 's access to records be identified in the product and that the [check] findings be adjusted accordingly .

The purpose of the series is to provide GAO evaluators with guides to various aspects of audit and evaluation methodology , to illustrate applications , and to indicate where more detailed information is available .
the purpose of the series is to provide gao evaluators with guides to various aspects of [check] and evaluation methodology , to illustrate applications , and to indicate where more detailed information is available .

To still others , it was not possible to tell whether this was a case study because looking at instances was what we do in all our methods , and there was no differentiation between this job and a compliance audit .
to still others , it was not possible to tell whether this was a case study because looking at instances was what we do in all our methods , and there was no differentiation between this job and a compliance [check] .

Functions Where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) Design features Site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or audit trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports Pitfalls Temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested Some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .
functions where considerable uncertainty exists about program operations , goals , and results , exploratory case studies help identify questions , select important measurement constructs , develop actual measures for these , which can be used later in larger-scale tests ; formulate expectations ; safeguard investment in larger studies ( for problems or programs that are not well-developed ) design features site selected : needs at least one site that represents each important variation to make a convenience sample acceptable ; number of cases sufficient to cover diversity ; data focus on program operations and on-site observation , are not longitudinal but need enough time to find out what is going on ; analysis is closely concurrent with field work but does not require strong chain of evidence or [check] trail ; reports are usually internal or parts of larger , longer reports pitfalls temptation to prolong the exploratory phase ; site selection only for convenience , inadequate coverage of diversity ; prematurity -exploratory findings released as conclusions ; over-involvement in evaluator 's own hunches so that initial findings are confirmed rather than tested some of our scoping work already may involve exploratory case studies .

GAO evaluators , in addition to being `` on the scene '' due to their location at the major audit site accompanied enumerators into the field and examined , in depth , Census procedures at field offices .
gao evaluators , in addition to being `` on the scene '' due to their location at the major [check] site accompanied enumerators into the field and examined , in depth , census procedures at field offices .

For the cumulative use of GAO reports , these concerns are less important , since we already use the `` audit trail '' procedures recommended in the policy and other manuals for verification of data collection and analysis quality .
for the cumulative use of gao reports , these concerns are less important , since we already use the `` [check] trail '' procedures recommended in the policy and other manuals for verification of data collection and analysis quality .

Some Page 66 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations evaluators call such a procedure `` building an audit trail '' and use procedures similar to indexing and referencing to establish both the construct validity of the measures reported and the convincingness of the causal explanations developed in the case study ( Halpern , 1983 ) .
some page 66 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations evaluators call such a procedure `` building an [check] trail '' and use procedures similar to indexing and referencing to establish both the construct validity of the measures reported and the convincingness of the causal explanations developed in the case study ( halpern , 1983 ) .

While documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or audit trail techniques should not pose any greater difficulty for GAO evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .
while documenting the basis for judgments can be more difficult than documenting nonjudgmental information , overall the chain of evidence or [check] trail techniques should not pose any greater difficulty for gao evaluators than our documentation procedures for other evaluation methods .

These are ( 1 ) submitting reports to people from whom data were collected and printing their critiques with the report , ( 2 ) use of multiple data collection methods within case studies , and ( 3 ) adoption of the audit trail or chain-of-evidence technique .
these are ( 1 ) submitting reports to people from whom data were collected and printing their critiques with the report , ( 2 ) use of multiple data collection methods within case studies , and ( 3 ) adoption of the [check] trail or chain-of-evidence technique .

We often use multiple methods , and the audit trail technique now recommended for case study use was itself adopted from such auditing procedures as workpapers and referencing , which are standard practice with GAO .
we often use multiple methods , and the [check] trail technique now recommended for case study use was itself adopted from such auditing procedures as workpapers and referencing , which are standard practice with gao .

Some ways of detecting and preventing bias , such as the audit trail , have been well developed .
some ways of detecting and preventing bias , such as the [check] trail , have been well developed .

In addition , the annual report is to include ( 1 ) an independent financial audit , ( 2 ) applicable financial and performance requirements under the Chief Financial Officers Act and the Results Act , ( 3 ) the results achieved by the Office relative to its goals , ( 4 ) an evaluation of the Chief Operating Officer 's performance , ( 5 ) recommendations for legislative and regulatory changes to improve service and program integrity , and ( 6 ) other information as detailed by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget .
in addition , the annual report is to include ( 1 ) an independent financial [check] , ( 2 ) applicable financial and performance requirements under the chief financial officers act and the results act , ( 3 ) the results achieved by the office relative to its goals , ( 4 ) an evaluation of the chief operating officer 's performance , ( 5 ) recommendations for legislative and regulatory changes to improve service and program integrity , and ( 6 ) other information as detailed by the director of the office of management and budget .

The act requires the Department of the Treasury to produce a consolidated financial statement for the federal government , which GAO is to audit annually .
the act requires the department of the treasury to produce a consolidated financial statement for the federal government , which gao is to [check] annually .

Further , the act sets up a series of pilot audits under which certain agencies are required to prepare agencywide financial statements and subject them to audit by the agencies « inspectors general .
further , the act sets up a series of pilot audits under which certain agencies are required to prepare agencywide financial statements and subject them to [check] by the agencies « inspectors general .

Congress has mandated that LSC effectively monitor and audit its grant recipients , and that LSC respect attorney-client privilege and ensure that LSC recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities .
congress has mandated that lsc effectively monitor and [check] its grant recipients , and that lsc respect attorney-client privilege and ensure that lsc recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities .

As the audit information became available during 1998 and into 1999 , LSC gained a fuller understanding of the extent of the CSR problem and its complexities .
as the [check] information became available during 1998 and into 1999 , lsc gained a fuller understanding of the extent of the csr problem and its complexities .

Data from acute toxicity tests performed as part of permit requirements are evaluated during compliance evaluation inspections and performance audit inspections .
data from acute toxicity tests performed as part of permit requirements are evaluated during compliance evaluation inspections and performance [check] inspections .

Data from chronic toxicity tests performed as part of permit requirements are evaluated during compliance evaluation inspections and performance audit inspections .
data from chronic toxicity tests performed as part of permit requirements are evaluated during compliance evaluation inspections and performance [check] inspections .

For cable information , see CIA records , audit of cable databases .
for cable information , see cia records , [check] of cable databases .

For cable information , see CIA records , audit of cable databases .
for cable information , see cia records , [check] of cable databases .

For the facts known by Dave at this time , see CIA records , audit of cable databases ; see also CIA email , Dave to John , timeline entries , May 15 , 2001 .
for the facts known by dave at this time , see cia records , [check] of cable databases ; see also cia email , dave to john , timeline entries , may 15 , 2001 .

For Mary 's cable access information , see CIA records , audit of cable databases .
for mary 's cable access information , see cia records , [check] of cable databases .

If knowledge of further details becomes important , any user can query further , with access granted or denied according to the rules set for the network-and with queries leaving an audit trail in order to determine who accessed the information .
if knowledge of further details becomes important , any user can query further , with access granted or denied according to the rules set for the network-and with queries leaving an [check] trail in order to determine who accessed the information .

Anne H. Soukhanov , who oversaw the most recent ( third ) edition of the American Heritage Dictionary and is now the North American editor of the Encarta World English Dictionary , recalls coming across the word these days mostly in speech , `` especially in sardonic and sarcastic replies to negative-context statements such as 'Dad , I just wrecked your new car ' or 'This to inform you that the IRS has targeted you for a 10 year audit , ' where its use as an interjectional reply parallels similar use of standard terms like 'beautiful , ' 'terrific , ' or 'great . '
anne h. soukhanov , who oversaw the most recent ( third ) edition of the american heritage dictionary and is now the north american editor of the encarta world english dictionary , recalls coming across the word these days mostly in speech , `` especially in sardonic and sarcastic replies to negative-context statements such as 'dad , i just wrecked your new car ' or 'this to inform you that the irs has targeted you for a 10 year [check] , ' where its use as an interjectional reply parallels similar use of standard terms like 'beautiful , ' 'terrific , ' or 'great . '

USA Today 's front is mum on Waco and its lead is an EPA audit revealing that the nation 's public water systems are stricken by tens of thousands of cases of previously undocumented unsafe drinking water .
usa today 's front is mum on waco and its lead is an epa [check] revealing that the nation 's public water systems are stricken by tens of thousands of cases of previously undocumented unsafe drinking water .

Rule bending by individuals is probably penny ante stuff compared with the advantage taken by states and their agencies , upon whom FEMA 's tiny audit staff must rely to verify all but the largest grants .
rule bending by individuals is probably penny ante stuff compared with the advantage taken by states and their agencies , upon whom fema 's tiny [check] staff must rely to verify all but the largest grants .

Sourced to anonymous intelligence officials who cite an internal Saudi audit of the nation 's largest bank , the story says that the transfers are protection money to prevent bin Laden from attacking the Saudi businessmen .
sourced to anonymous intelligence officials who cite an internal saudi [check] of the nation 's largest bank , the story says that the transfers are protection money to prevent bin laden from attacking the saudi businessmen .

In May 1997 , an INS audit of the 1.1 million people who were granted citizenship between September 1995 and September 1996 revealed 4,946 cases `` in which criminal arrest should have disqualified an applicant or in which an applicant lied about his or her criminal history . ''
in may 1997 , an ins [check] of the 1.1 million people who were granted citizenship between september 1995 and september 1996 revealed 4,946 cases `` in which criminal arrest should have disqualified an applicant or in which an applicant lied about his or her criminal history . ''

The New York Times lead is that the top Republican tax writer in the House will introduce legislation to radically alter IRS audit and dispute resolution procedures .
the new york times lead is that the top republican tax writer in the house will introduce legislation to radically alter irs [check] and dispute resolution procedures .

The LAT lead reports that an IRS internal audit found that the IRS 's focus on disseminating as much information as possible to taxpayers via phone has resulted in serious breaches of confidentiality .
the lat lead reports that an irs internal [check] found that the irs 's focus on disseminating as much information as possible to taxpayers via phone has resulted in serious breaches of confidentiality .

The latest circulation audit shows that nine of the nation 's fifteen largest newspapers recorded an increase in daily circulation , reports the WP .
the latest circulation [check] shows that nine of the nation 's fifteen largest newspapers recorded an increase in daily circulation , reports the wp .

USA Today leads with a Social Security internal audit revealing that too many workers at the agency have too much access to Americans ' personal records , opening the door to theft and misuse .
usa today leads with a social security internal [check] revealing that too many workers at the agency have too much access to americans ' personal records , opening the door to theft and misuse .

Following a revelation first made in yesterday 's Washington Times , both USAT and the WP run pieces about Paula Jones ' tax audit .
following a revelation first made in yesterday 's washington times , both usat and the wp run pieces about paula jones ' tax [check] .

The Post 's reads : `` IRS Audit of Paula Jones Is ` Harassment , ' Adviser Says '' and USAT 's is : `` Clinton Lawyer : No Link To IRS Audit Of Jones . ''
the post 's reads : `` irs [check] of paula jones is ` harassment , ' adviser says '' and usat 's is : `` clinton lawyer : no link to irs [check] of jones . ''

The Journal says the field audit comes after months of increasing tension between the agency and company .
the journal says the field [check] comes after months of increasing tension between the agency and company .

While an internal CDU audit has now uncovered $ 6.3 million worth of undisclosed contributions between 1989 and 1998 , much of the money trail remains obscured by secret bank accounts .
while an internal cdu [check] has now uncovered $ 6.3 million worth of undisclosed contributions between 1989 and 1998 , much of the money trail remains obscured by secret bank accounts .

The Washington Post goes with a State Department internal audit showing rampant lax security .
the washington post goes with a state department internal [check] showing rampant lax security .

The Post lead says that the security audit showed that State Department officials failed to sweep 140 offices where classified intelligence reports of the utmost sensitivity were handled and that in one time-frame studied , more than 10 percent of those reports were not returned to their proper storage place .
the post lead says that the security [check] showed that state department officials failed to sweep 140 offices where classified intelligence reports of the utmost sensitivity were handled and that in one time-frame studied , more than 10 percent of those reports were not returned to their proper storage place .

The paper also reports that the audit was completed before the discovery of a listening device ( and a Russian spy nearby ) at State headquarters late last year , but after a 1998 incident in which a man came in , took some classified materials , and left .
the paper also reports that the [check] was completed before the discovery of a listening device ( and a russian spy nearby ) at state headquarters late last year , but after a 1998 incident in which a man came in , took some classified materials , and left .

After a routine audit of the departmental phone bill , GMU discovered the calls and found them to be in violation of NCAA rules intended to curb recruitment abuses .
after a routine [check] of the departmental phone bill , gmu discovered the calls and found them to be in violation of ncaa rules intended to curb recruitment abuses .

Attributing its facts to a report by the country 's High Audit Commission , the paper said that 43,000 state officials had been found to have abused their positions for illegal financial gain .
attributing its facts to a report by the country 's high [check] commission , the paper said that 43,000 state officials had been found to have abused their positions for illegal financial gain .

This `` abuse of power '' article charged Nixon with having the Internal Revenue Service audit his enemies , spying on private citizens , setting up the `` Plumbers '' unit that broke into the Watergate office building and anti-war activist and Pentagon Papers author Daniel Ellsberg 's psychiatrist 's office , and otherwise using federal agencies for personal and political advantage .
this `` abuse of power '' article charged nixon with having the internal revenue service [check] his enemies , spying on private citizens , setting up the `` plumbers '' unit that broke into the watergate office building and anti-war activist and pentagon papers author daniel ellsberg 's psychiatrist 's office , and otherwise using federal agencies for personal and political advantage .

In fiscal year 1995 , the IRS completed 1.9 million audits -- an audit rate of 1.67 percent .
in fiscal year 1995 , the irs completed 1.9 million audits -- an [check] rate of 1.67 percent .

The audit rate usually averages just above 1 percent , or one out of every 100 taxpayers .
the [check] rate usually averages just above 1 percent , or one out of every 100 taxpayers .

In the middle ground -- entrepreneurial and analytical journalism -- no institution can reasonably be expected to audit itself .
in the middle ground -- entrepreneurial and analytical journalism -- no institution can reasonably be expected to [check] itself .

There are approximately 20,000 auditors and collection agents who audit about 2 million of them .
there are approximately 20,000 auditors and collection agents who [check] about 2 million of them .

In fact , there are more innocent -- and more plausible -- explanations for the changes in audit rates .
in fact , there are more innocent -- and more plausible -- explanations for the changes in [check] rates .

The Journal does n't say so , but the overall audit rate is more like 1 percent .
the journal does n't say so , but the overall [check] rate is more like 1 percent .

The New York Times saves its top right for the first-ever comprehensive Medicare audit , which reveals that `` the government overpaid hospitals , doctors and other health care providers last year by $ 23 billion , or 14 percent of all the money spent in the standard Medicare program . ''
the new york times saves its top right for the first-ever comprehensive medicare [check] , which reveals that `` the government overpaid hospitals , doctors and other health care providers last year by $ 23 billion , or 14 percent of all the money spent in the standard medicare program . ''

While it is acknowledged that such a method would not work well for books , the idea was that the number of occurrencies of a lemma ( a technical though convenient term for the ` thing -- word or phrase -- under study ' ) , multiplied by , say the Audit Bureau of Circulation sworn circulation of a periodical would yield a figure that could legitimately be called its Exposure .
while it is acknowledged that such a method would not work well for books , the idea was that the number of occurrencies of a lemma ( a technical though convenient term for the ` thing -- word or phrase -- under study ' ) , multiplied by , say the [check] bureau of circulation sworn circulation of a periodical would yield a figure that could legitimately be called its exposure .

