Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? ?
have you [checked] your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? ?

Each questionnaire was audited for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was identified by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was selected , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope .
each questionnaire was [checked] for obvious mistakes and for comments , and was identified by a serial number , by the source list from which the company name was selected , and by the geographical location of the company as determined by the postmark on the return envelope .

Oatridge Agricultural College in West Lothian , for instance , is required to meet the varied quality requirements of eight different LECs , and many contracts have to be separately audited for quality assurance .
oatridge agricultural college in west lothian , for instance , is required to meet the varied quality requirements of eight different lecs , and many contracts have to be separately [checked] for quality assurance .

With an interlude for a half-yearly general meeting to approve the audited accounts , a somewhat frenetic round of discussion groups produced a remarkable degree of consensus on various fronts .
with an interlude for a half-yearly general meeting to approve the [checked] accounts , a somewhat frenetic round of discussion groups produced a remarkable degree of consensus on various fronts .

All these figures are based on the 1989 audited accounts .
all these figures are based on the 1989 [checked] accounts .

All hauliers audited for safety and operational procedures .
all hauliers [checked] for safety and operational procedures .

Although Kapiti will not release its figures for about a month because they have yet to be audited , Ms Keegan estimated that turnover has increased by about 20 % on last year .
although kapiti will not release its figures for about a month because they have yet to be [checked] , ms keegan estimated that turnover has increased by about 20 % on last year .

The Offer value is at a premium of 70.5 per cent to the net asset value per ordinary share of 176p derived from the Palatine published audited accounts as at 31 May 1985 .
the offer value is at a premium of 70.5 per cent to the net asset value per ordinary share of 176p derived from the palatine published [checked] accounts as at 31 may 1985 .

The accounts of the parish officers were audited annually at the Easter Vestry Meeting .
the accounts of the parish officers were [checked] annually at the easter vestry meeting .

You can also ask to see a copy of the trust deed as well as the latest annual report and audited accounts .
you can also ask to see a copy of the trust deed as well as the latest annual report and [checked] accounts .

The surprising point that has occurred with regard to my own business is that other supposed chartered accountants have been preparing fully audited accounts without ever setting foot in the premises that they are conducting the audit for .
the surprising point that has occurred with regard to my own business is that other supposed chartered accountants have been preparing fully [checked] accounts without ever setting foot in the premises that they are conducting the audit for .

This means that multinational accounts which are audited in compliance with the standards will be acceptable to securities regulatory authorities around the world .
this means that multinational accounts which are [checked] in compliance with the standards will be acceptable to securities regulatory authorities around the world .

Interim results rarely contain reports from auditors , except when the figures need to be audited because of a major transaction or flotation .
interim results rarely contain reports from auditors , except when the figures need to be [checked] because of a major transaction or flotation .

Indeed , the whole exercise is circular , since ‘ most banks would wish to review the audited accounts before committing themselves to renewing on demand facilities ’ .
indeed , the whole exercise is circular , since ‘ most banks would wish to review the [checked] accounts before committing themselves to renewing on demand facilities ’ .

The principal pension scheme 's accounts are audited by a firm other than Touche Ross , which acts for Dixons Group plc .
the principal pension scheme 's accounts are [checked] by a firm other than touche ross , which acts for dixons group plc .

Touche Ross has audited this pro-forma and states that it is properly prepared on the basis set out .
touche ross has [checked] this pro-forma and states that it is properly prepared on the basis set out .

Following Al Saudi Banque and Caparo , foreseeability that a lender might rely on audited accounts is not enough in itself to establish such a duty .
following al saudi banque and caparo , foreseeability that a lender might rely on [checked] accounts is not enough in itself to establish such a duty .

‘ The question of whether there is a continuing need for small companies to have their annual accounts audited should essentially be viewed in the context of the value to the small company itself .
‘ the question of whether there is a continuing need for small companies to have their annual accounts [checked] should essentially be viewed in the context of the value to the small company itself .

Unlimited companies , it points out , must also have their accounts audited , even though they are not filed with the Registrar .
unlimited companies , it points out , must also have their accounts [checked] , even though they are not filed with the registrar .

Bankers are generally in a position to make specific conditions for providing finance and so have little need for the audit , abbreviated accounts filed 10 months after the year end are of little value to trade suppliers and customers , and the Revenue 's reliance on audited accounts is ‘ largely illusory ’ , the Institute says .
bankers are generally in a position to make specific conditions for providing finance and so have little need for the audit , abbreviated accounts filed 10 months after the year end are of little value to trade suppliers and customers , and the revenue 's reliance on [checked] accounts is ‘ largely illusory ’ , the institute says .

It is questionable whether the statement of compliance with the code will be audited ; the media will have to look for non-compliance themselves .
it is questionable whether the statement of compliance with the code will be [checked] ; the media will have to look for non-compliance themselves .

The New Zealand government , in its audited financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 1991 , has led the way by including , for the first time , valuations for infrastructural assets such as state highways , national parks , national archives , and national library collections .
the new zealand government , in its [checked] financial statements for the six months ended 31 december 1991 , has led the way by including , for the first time , valuations for infrastructural assets such as state highways , national parks , national archives , and national library collections .

Although public sector entities may experience difficulties with the recognition and measurement of certain assets , the example the audited Crown financial statements have set shows that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector assets .
although public sector entities may experience difficulties with the recognition and measurement of certain assets , the example the [checked] crown financial statements have set shows that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector assets .

The audited Crown financial statements have shown that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector assets
the [checked] crown financial statements have shown that verifiable valuations can be placed on most public sector assets

Issues discussed include general and reporting guidance for both the continuing auditor ( who audited and reported on the previous financial statements ) and the incoming auditor ( where the previous financial statements were either audited by another auditor or not audited at all ) .
issues discussed include general and reporting guidance for both the continuing auditor ( who [checked] and reported on the previous financial statements ) and the incoming auditor ( where the previous financial statements were either [checked] by another auditor or not [checked] at all ) .

The sole practitioners audited three companies with a full listing , and one company quoted on the Unlisted Securities Market .
the sole practitioners [checked] three companies with a full listing , and one company quoted on the unlisted securities market .

Lenders often refer to the need for ‘ audited accounts ’ when referring to the affairs of unincorporated businesses .
lenders often refer to the need for ‘ [checked] accounts ’ when referring to the affairs of unincorporated businesses .

The case against the accountants and bankers began after discrepancies emerged at the end of 1984 between the profit forecast for Francis , drawn up during the acquisition , and the company 's annual report and accounts audited by Coopers & Lybrand .
the case against the accountants and bankers began after discrepancies emerged at the end of 1984 between the profit forecast for francis , drawn up during the acquisition , and the company 's annual report and accounts [checked] by coopers & lybrand .

The unit to be covered by a scheme does not have to be a company , which in itself is an advantage , but it has to have Companies Act-style accounts and have them audited , which could be expensive .
the unit to be covered by a scheme does not have to be a company , which in itself is an advantage , but it has to have companies act-style accounts and have them [checked] , which could be expensive .

Only charities with turnover over £100,000 will have to have their accounts audited .
only charities with turnover over £100,000 will have to have their accounts [checked] .

If income is over £100,000 accounts will be fully audited , but for many charities income tends to fluctuate around the £100,000 mark .
if income is over £100,000 accounts will be fully [checked] , but for many charities income tends to fluctuate around the £100,000 mark .

If this happens , then for each of the next two years the charity 's accounts will have to be audited .
if this happens , then for each of the next two years the charity 's accounts will have to be [checked] .

But it was criticised for not making a formal reference to the link between the review and accounts and to the availability of the audited accounts .
but it was criticised for not making a formal reference to the link between the review and accounts and to the availability of the [checked] accounts .

Given the nature of these failures , and their reasonably clear association with audited accounting information , it is not surprising that auditors become legally implicated .
given the nature of these failures , and their reasonably clear association with [checked] accounting information , it is not surprising that auditors become legally implicated .

Restricting auditors ' responsibilities just to shareholders , it says , inadequately reflects the wider role of audited financial statements and brings into question the need for a statutory audit .
restricting auditors ' responsibilities just to shareholders , it says , inadequately reflects the wider role of [checked] financial statements and brings into question the need for a statutory audit .

In 1981 they audited 708 of the Times top 1,000 ; by 1991 this had gone up to 815 .
in 1981 they [checked] 708 of the times top 1,000 ; by 1991 this had gone up to 815 .

We have audited the financial statements on pages … to … in accordance with auditing standards issued by the Auditing Practices Board .
we have [checked] the financial statements on pages … to … in accordance with auditing standards issued by the auditing practices board .

Half year figures audited
half year figures [checked]

The resources designated are verified interim profit , internally audited interim profit , revaluation reserves and general provisions for bad debt .
the resources designated are verified interim profit , internally [checked] interim profit , revaluation reserves and general provisions for bad debt .

The last audited accounts , for the year to March 1983 , were heavily qualified by the auditors in November 1984 .
the last [checked] accounts , for the year to march 1983 , were heavily qualified by the auditors in november 1984 .

In the Berg judgment , Mr Justice Hobhouse considered the timing of Union Discount 's alleged reliance on the 1982 accounts : ‘ Furthermore , there would only be a limited period of time within which it would be reasonably foreseeable that a bank or discount house would rely upon a given set of audited accounts .
in the berg judgment , mr justice hobhouse considered the timing of union discount 's alleged reliance on the 1982 accounts : ‘ furthermore , there would only be a limited period of time within which it would be reasonably foreseeable that a bank or discount house would rely upon a given set of [checked] accounts .

By that time the information contained in the audited accounts would be so out of date that it would not reasonably be foreseen as the basis for a business judgment concerning the extension of credit to Berg or the discounting of bills .
by that time the information contained in the [checked] accounts would be so out of date that it would not reasonably be foreseen as the basis for a business judgment concerning the extension of credit to berg or the discounting of bills .

‘ Audited accounts are in any event only one of the sources of information which a prudent banker takes into account .
‘ [checked] accounts are in any event only one of the sources of information which a prudent banker takes into account .

With the passage of time thereafter , the role of the audited accounts becomes progressively less important and other more up to date information , including up to date references and up to date experience of transactions and accounts , of whatever kind , covering later periods , become progressively more important .
with the passage of time thereafter , the role of the [checked] accounts becomes progressively less important and other more up to date information , including up to date references and up to date experience of transactions and accounts , of whatever kind , covering later periods , become progressively more important .

4.3.3 The other Non-academic Parties agree to provide to the Lead Organization , or direct to the Secretary of State , as may be most convenient a copy of their respective latest audited accounts , unless previously provided , together with such other financial and technical information as the Secretary of State may from time to time properly require in relation to the procedures governing claims for payment .
4.3.3 the other non-academic parties agree to provide to the lead organization , or direct to the secretary of state , as may be most convenient a copy of their respective latest [checked] accounts , unless previously provided , together with such other financial and technical information as the secretary of state may from time to time properly require in relation to the procedures governing claims for payment .

It was noted above that these accounts are audited by the Comptroller and Auditor General who reports to the Public Accounts Committee .
it was noted above that these accounts are [checked] by the comptroller and auditor general who reports to the public accounts committee .

An auditor shall by examination of the accounts and other wise satisfy himself … that the body whose accounts are being audited has proper arrangements for securing economy , efficiency and effectiveness in the use of its resources .
an auditor shall by examination of the accounts and other wise satisfy himself … that the body whose accounts are being [checked] has proper arrangements for securing economy , efficiency and effectiveness in the use of its resources .

Each year , the audited accounts and accompanying audit report are sent to the Secretary of State who , in turn , presents them to Parliament .
each year , the [checked] accounts and accompanying audit report are sent to the secretary of state who , in turn , presents them to parliament .

The directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 31st March 1991 .
the directors submit their report together with the [checked] financial statements for the year ended 31st march 1991 .

We have audited the financial statements on page 5 to 32 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on page 5 to 32 in accordance with auditing standards .

The directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 31st March 1991 .
the directors submit their report together with the [checked] financial statements for the year ended 31st march 1991 .

We have audited the financial statements on pages 3 to 13 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on pages 3 to 13 in accordance with auditing standards .

We have audited the financial statements on pages 3 to 13 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on pages 3 to 13 in accordance with auditing standards .

That dispute has made it impossible to produce audited accounts .
that dispute has made it impossible to produce [checked] accounts .

The Treasurer shall draw up an annual Report which shall be audited and submitted to the Society .
the treasurer shall draw up an annual report which shall be [checked] and submitted to the society .

For example , some come within the jurisdiction of the Ombudsman ( Chapter 15 ) , some have their accounts audited by the Comptroller and Auditor General and reported to the Public Accounts Committee ( Chapter 14 ) , some present annual reports to Parliament , and so on .
for example , some come within the jurisdiction of the ombudsman ( chapter 15 ) , some have their accounts [checked] by the comptroller and auditor general and reported to the public accounts committee ( chapter 14 ) , some present annual reports to parliament , and so on .

Both the product and the quality-control system are audited by the British Standards Institute at regular intervals .
both the product and the quality-control system are [checked] by the british standards institute at regular intervals .

One of the major difficulties faced by many firms which post- audited their investment projects lies in separating out the cash inflows and outflows directly attributable to the project from those of existing activities .
one of the major difficulties faced by many firms which post- [checked] their investment projects lies in separating out the cash inflows and outflows directly attributable to the project from those of existing activities .

Moreover strict conditions are laid down to ensure that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the Seventh Directive and made available to the British public .
moreover strict conditions are laid down to ensure that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and [checked] in accordance with the seventh directive and made available to the british public .

The commendable objectives were ( i ) to present private investors with a document which they might find more helpful to them than the full statutory accounts , ( ii ) to reduce an appalling waste of paper , since undoubtedly a great many such investors consign the glossy brochures containing the accounts ( ii ) to their waste-paper baskets after only the most cursory of glances ( if any ) and , perhaps , ( iii ) to reduce the company 's postage — though it is unlikely that any saving on that could be commensurate with the cost of preparing an additional document and , in effect , having it audited .
the commendable objectives were ( i ) to present private investors with a document which they might find more helpful to them than the full statutory accounts , ( ii ) to reduce an appalling waste of paper , since undoubtedly a great many such investors consign the glossy brochures containing the accounts ( ii ) to their waste-paper baskets after only the most cursory of glances ( if any ) and , perhaps , ( iii ) to reduce the company 's postage — though it is unlikely that any saving on that could be commensurate with the cost of preparing an additional document and , in effect , having it [checked] .

Although produced outside of the audited financial statements , and therefore not audited , a value added statement was produced :
although produced outside of the [checked] financial statements , and therefore not [checked] , a value added statement was produced :

Moreover , the financial accounts are audited .
moreover , the financial accounts are [checked] .

In the 1990/91 accounts , the indicators are clearly not part of the audited financial statements and have not been audited .
in the 1990/91 accounts , the indicators are clearly not part of the [checked] financial statements and have not been [checked] .

First , as essential as independence is to both , in the context of internal audit it is bound to have a different emphasis because internal auditors are officials of the audited organization .
first , as essential as independence is to both , in the context of internal audit it is bound to have a different emphasis because internal auditors are officials of the [checked] organization .

Generally , the accounts are required to be audited by an auditor appointed by the same Secretary of State .
generally , the accounts are required to be [checked] by an auditor appointed by the same secretary of state .

For 1990/91 the accounts were audited by Ernst & young and this is the essence of their report :
for 1990/91 the accounts were [checked] by ernst & young and this is the essence of their report :

We have audited the accounts of British Coal Corporation … in accordance with auditing standards . In our opinion :
we have [checked] the accounts of british coal corporation … in accordance with auditing standards . in our opinion :

The auditor should ascertain the audited body 's system of recording and processing transactions and assess its adequacy as a basis for the preparation of financial statements .
the auditor should ascertain the [checked] body 's system of recording and processing transactions and assess its adequacy as a basis for the preparation of financial statements .

the Treasury audited the accounts of the Exchequer and Audit Department ;
the treasury [checked] the accounts of the exchequer and audit department ;

It is quite possible for one organisation to be audited at five levels , as well as being accountable to internal decision-making bodies , political masters , and the law .
it is quite possible for one organisation to be [checked] at five levels , as well as being accountable to internal decision-making bodies , political masters , and the law .

We have audited the accounts on pages 29 to 53 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the accounts on pages 29 to 53 in accordance with auditing standards .

The Company is empowered under its articles of Association to borrow up to twice the aggregate amount of the share capital and reserves of the Company and its subsidiaries as indicated by the latest audited accounts , subject to certain adjustments .
the company is empowered under its articles of association to borrow up to twice the aggregate amount of the share capital and reserves of the company and its subsidiaries as indicated by the latest [checked] accounts , subject to certain adjustments .

Treasurers will be told that they will have to submit their accounts ( and all supporting documents ) to Head Office at the end of each financial year and these will be audited along with Head Office accounts .
treasurers will be told that they will have to submit their accounts ( and all supporting documents ) to head office at the end of each financial year and these will be [checked] along with head office accounts .

It is unlikely that the offeror will be sufficiently proximate to the target 's auditors to found liability for negligent misstatement in respect of negligently audited accounts ( see para 20.6 below ) .
it is unlikely that the offeror will be sufficiently proximate to the target 's auditors to found liability for negligent misstatement in respect of negligently [checked] accounts ( see para 20.6 below ) .

We have audited the financial statements on pages 16 to 23 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on pages 16 to 23 in accordance with auditing standards .

Question 4 Should client account reconciliations be audited by the reporting accountant ?
question 4 should client account reconciliations be [checked] by the reporting accountant ?

We have audited the financial statements on pages 16 to 23 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on pages 16 to 23 in accordance with auditing standards .

Reliance on the tenant 's audited accounts for the purpose of calculating turnover may be unwise for the landlord , not because those accounts may be inaccurate but because they may not be settled until well after the end of the rental period in question .
reliance on the tenant 's [checked] accounts for the purpose of calculating turnover may be unwise for the landlord , not because those accounts may be inaccurate but because they may not be settled until well after the end of the rental period in question .

They are likely to include the following : ( a ) the execution and exchange of the acquisition agreement ( by which Newco will buy the business from the vendor ) ; ( b ) the managers having subscribed in cash for ordinary shares in Newco ; ( c ) the passing of any necessary shareholders ' resolutions ; ( d ) receipt by the investors of a satisfactory accountants ' report , audited accounts and management accounts ; ( e ) the managers having entered into service agreements ; ( f ) receipt by the investors of certificates of title ; ( g ) the investors being satisfied with the loan and banking facilities being provided to Newco ; ( h ) keyman insurance having been taken out for the benefit of the company over the lives of each of the managers .
they are likely to include the following : ( a ) the execution and exchange of the acquisition agreement ( by which newco will buy the business from the vendor ) ; ( b ) the managers having subscribed in cash for ordinary shares in newco ; ( c ) the passing of any necessary shareholders ' resolutions ; ( d ) receipt by the investors of a satisfactory accountants ' report , [checked] accounts and management accounts ; ( e ) the managers having entered into service agreements ; ( f ) receipt by the investors of certificates of title ; ( g ) the investors being satisfied with the loan and banking facilities being provided to newco ; ( h ) keyman insurance having been taken out for the benefit of the company over the lives of each of the managers .

At its extreme , they may even be reluctant to warrant the audited accounts on the basis that the auditors could certify them only following representations from management .
at its extreme , they may even be reluctant to warrant the [checked] accounts on the basis that the auditors could certify them only following representations from management .

To this end the insurer will require copies of the negotiated transaction documents including , in particular , the sale agreement , the disclosure letter , any side agreements , a copy of the investigating accountant 's report ( if any ) and the last audited accounts for the target business .
to this end the insurer will require copies of the negotiated transaction documents including , in particular , the sale agreement , the disclosure letter , any side agreements , a copy of the investigating accountant 's report ( if any ) and the last [checked] accounts for the target business .

Trust yourself to be audited
trust yourself to be [checked]

He likes to have the imperfections audited out of his system .
he likes to have the imperfections [checked] out of his system .

If he is accountable for production , he 'll get his production operation audited : raw material wastage , machinery down-time , absentee levels , quality standards and many other factors .
if he is accountable for production , he 'll get his production operation [checked] : raw material wastage , machinery down-time , absentee levels , quality standards and many other factors .

If he is accountable for sales , he 'll have his sales performance audited : call rates for the sales people on the road , repeat order levels , new sales , selling costs and expenditure on client entertainment .
if he is accountable for sales , he 'll have his sales performance [checked] : call rates for the sales people on the road , repeat order levels , new sales , selling costs and expenditure on client entertainment .

If he is accountable for the warehouse , he 'll have his warehouse audited ; wastage rates , obsolete stock , retrieval rates , turn-over and wait-time at reception .
if he is accountable for the warehouse , he 'll have his warehouse [checked] ; wastage rates , obsolete stock , retrieval rates , turn-over and wait-time at reception .

Do n't rely on the company auditor : get yourself audited before he ( or she ) audits you .
do n't rely on the company auditor : get yourself [checked] before he ( or she ) audits you .

There was also the Office of General Surveyors , converted into a court in 1542 , which audited various accounts but received no revenues .
there was also the office of general surveyors , converted into a court in 1542 , which [checked] various accounts but received no revenues .

The agency functions under the supervision of the state auditing board and must submit its audited report to parliament from year to year .
the agency functions under the supervision of the state auditing board and must submit its [checked] report to parliament from year to year .

Until 1983 the District Audit Service carried out most of this work in England and Wales with the balance being audited by commercial auditors approved by the Secretary of State for the Environment .
until 1983 the district audit service carried out most of this work in england and wales with the balance being [checked] by commercial auditors approved by the secretary of state for the environment .

We recognised there was a need to ensure quality and consistency in everything we did , to be able to point out to our customers how we do things , and where necessary to be audited on these procedures .
we recognised there was a need to ensure quality and consistency in everything we did , to be able to point out to our customers how we do things , and where necessary to be [checked] on these procedures .

The Directors submit their report to the shareholders , together with the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 1992 .
the directors submit their report to the shareholders , together with the [checked] financial statements for the year ended 31 december 1992 .

We have audited the financial statements on pages 15 to 30 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on pages 15 to 30 in accordance with auditing standards .

Until centres are audited , they will continue to operate under current arrangements , and with the current level of devolved responsibility .
until centres are [checked] , they will continue to operate under current arrangements , and with the current level of devolved responsibility .

These results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1992 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the Registrar of Companies .
these results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1992 which have been [checked] without qualification and filed with the registrar of companies .

( 1 ) This statement does not comprise the audited statutory accounts for the year ended 31st December 1992 , which will be published on 5th April 1993 .
( 1 ) this statement does not comprise the [checked] statutory accounts for the year ended 31st december 1992 , which will be published on 5th april 1993 .

These results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1991 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the Registrar of Companies .
these results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1991 which have been [checked] without qualification and filed with the registrar of companies .

These results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1992 which have been audited without qualification and filed with the Registrar of Companies .
these results do not comprise the statutory accounts for 1992 which have been [checked] without qualification and filed with the registrar of companies .

The adverts are expected to reach 6.3 million readers in that period , a figure calculated from the audited circulation of each publication .
the adverts are expected to reach 6.3 million readers in that period , a figure calculated from the [checked] circulation of each publication .

We have audited the financial statements on pages 14 to 16 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on pages 14 to 16 in accordance with auditing standards .

Many clients may consider that a replica of the statutory audited accounts is not appropriate and seek to present data which they consider reflects the underlying results of the business adjusted for any ‘ non-recurring ’ items , eg one-off items or items which would not continue with a change of ownership .
many clients may consider that a replica of the statutory [checked] accounts is not appropriate and seek to present data which they consider reflects the underlying results of the business adjusted for any ‘ non-recurring ’ items , eg one-off items or items which would not continue with a change of ownership .

In both cases , the basis of the adjustments to audited data should be explained and the results commented on when appropriate .
in both cases , the basis of the adjustments to [checked] data should be explained and the results commented on when appropriate .

It is essential that schedules are available for later use reconciling the financial information as presented in the Information memorandum with the audited accounts .
it is essential that schedules are available for later use reconciling the financial information as presented in the information memorandum with the [checked] accounts .

This section should contain the latest audited balance sheet together with a commentary on its main features including taxation .
this section should contain the latest [checked] balance sheet together with a commentary on its main features including taxation .

The vendor should try to seek agreement from the purchaser that the policies applied in the last audited accounts , will be applied to the completion accounts .
the vendor should try to seek agreement from the purchaser that the policies applied in the last [checked] accounts , will be applied to the completion accounts .

To be prepared and audited on the basis of accounting policies consistent with previous years or with the purchaser 's own policies .
to be prepared and [checked] on the basis of accounting policies consistent with previous years or with the purchaser 's own policies .

the contents of the audited accounts ; or
the contents of the [checked] accounts ; or

Changes since last audited balance sheet date .
changes since last [checked] balance sheet date .

Assets other than those in the last audited balance sheet .
assets other than those in the last [checked] balance sheet .

Audited accounts as at [ specify date ]
[checked] accounts as at [ specify date ]

All fixed assets shall be valued on the same basis as used in the last audited accounts and there shall be no upward revaluation of them or any of them above the value ( s ) used in the last audited accounts .
all fixed assets shall be valued on the same basis as used in the last [checked] accounts and there shall be no upward revaluation of them or any of them above the value ( s ) used in the last [checked] accounts .

To the best of our knowledge and belief there are no events or new information which have occurred or have become known subsequent to [ date of last audited financial statements ] that would reasonably necessitate adjustments to the Memorandum .
to the best of our knowledge and belief there are no events or new information which have occurred or have become known subsequent to [ date of last [checked] financial statements ] that would reasonably necessitate adjustments to the memorandum .

The Vendors shall deliver to the Purchaser [ Purchaser 's advisers ] audited completion accounts not more than six weeks after the end of the period .
the vendors shall deliver to the purchaser [ purchaser 's advisers ] [checked] completion accounts not more than six weeks after the end of the period .

Consolidated net assets at completion will not be less than net assets of [ £x ] shown in consolidated audited balance sheet at [ date ] , without the prior agreement of [ ] Plc .
consolidated net assets at completion will not be less than net assets of [ £x ] shown in consolidated [checked] balance sheet at [ date ] , without the prior agreement of [ ] plc .

Plant , machinery and other tangible fixed assets , whether owned or acquired under finance leases , are to be valued at net book value as included in the audited balance sheet as at 31 December 1989 .
plant , machinery and other tangible fixed assets , whether owned or acquired under finance leases , are to be valued at net book value as included in the [checked] balance sheet as at 31 december 1989 .

Depreciation should be ( a ) calculated on the same basis as in the audited accounts for the year to 31 December , 1989 , and ( b ) charged on all assets on a monthly basis , with no upward revaluation of assets in the year and with due regard being paid to the carrying value of any assets and the length of the asset 's expected useful economic life to the Business , having due regard to the incidence of obsolescence and future requirements of the Business .
depreciation should be ( a ) calculated on the same basis as in the [checked] accounts for the year to 31 december , 1989 , and ( b ) charged on all assets on a monthly basis , with no upward revaluation of assets in the year and with due regard being paid to the carrying value of any assets and the length of the asset 's expected useful economic life to the business , having due regard to the incidence of obsolescence and future requirements of the business .

Will earn-out payments be governed by audited accounts or are adjustments required ?
will earn-out payments be governed by [checked] accounts or are adjustments required ?

Although it may be correct to say that when the Accounts were audited they ‘ gave ’ a true and fair view of the company 's financial position it is difficult to say whether or not they now ‘ give ’ a true and fair view .
although it may be correct to say that when the accounts were [checked] they ‘ gave ’ a true and fair view of the company 's financial position it is difficult to say whether or not they now ‘ give ’ a true and fair view .

This warranty is essentially aimed at the past : the Vendor ought by now to know whether the debts shown in the latest audited Accounts have been good and collectable .
this warranty is essentially aimed at the past : the vendor ought by now to know whether the debts shown in the latest [checked] accounts have been good and collectable .

If the Vendor is warranting the audited accounts , why it is also necessary to warrant the accuracy of the other books and records of the Business .
if the vendor is warranting the [checked] accounts , why it is also necessary to warrant the accuracy of the other books and records of the business .

Furthermore , whilst the audited accounts may provide comfort in relation to the overall financial position of the Business , the Purchaser needs to be able to rely on the past records of the business for all sorts of other reasons — e.g .
furthermore , whilst the [checked] accounts may provide comfort in relation to the overall financial position of the business , the purchaser needs to be able to rely on the past records of the business for all sorts of other reasons — e.g .

We have audited the accounts on pages 18 to 37 .
we have [checked] the accounts on pages 18 to 37 .

The Directors present their report and the audited accounts for the financial year ended 27th March 1993 .
the directors present their report and the [checked] accounts for the financial year ended 27th march 1993 .

Audited accounts were demanded by the Government , and funding agencies demanded a more efficient accounting for development money .
[checked] accounts were demanded by the government , and funding agencies demanded a more efficient accounting for development money .

Apologising for the fact that the audited accounts for the past year were not yet available , the Hon .
apologising for the fact that the [checked] accounts for the past year were not yet available , the hon .

The directors submit to shareholders their one hundred and second annual report , together with the audited accounts of the group for the year ended 31st March 1993 .
the directors submit to shareholders their one hundred and second annual report , together with the [checked] accounts of the group for the year ended 31st march 1993 .

We have audited the financial statements on pages 34 to 54 in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on pages 34 to 54 in accordance with auditing standards .

The Accounts shall as soon as practicable after the end of the financial year be audited by Auditors who shall be appointed at each Annual General Meeting .
the accounts shall as soon as practicable after the end of the financial year be [checked] by auditors who shall be appointed at each annual general meeting .

This survey had audited the investigations and diagnoses in patients with iron deficiency anaemia referred to a gastroenterology outpatients by family practitioners .
this survey had [checked] the investigations and diagnoses in patients with iron deficiency anaemia referred to a gastroenterology outpatients by family practitioners .

The Directors submit their Report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 1992 .
the directors submit their report and the [checked] financial statements for the year ended 31 december 1992 .

The directors submit their report together with the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 1992 .
the directors submit their report together with the [checked] financial statements of the group for the year ended 31 december 1992 .

The offer of a loan of £20m to complete the United deal was also conditional on Knighton submitting a full statement of his assets and liabilities and full audited accounts from his companies .
the offer of a loan of £20m to complete the united deal was also conditional on knighton submitting a full statement of his assets and liabilities and full [checked] accounts from his companies .

The suspensions of Bond and Taylor , which the companies regarded as harsh because photocopies of the audited results were lodged with the Australian Stock Exchange last week , may be lifted today after the companies begin mailing reports to shareholders .
the suspensions of bond and taylor , which the companies regarded as harsh because photocopies of the [checked] results were lodged with the australian stock exchange last week , may be lifted today after the companies begin mailing reports to shareholders .

There is no criticism of the auditor , Littlejohn Frazer , which also audited other problematic syndicates , 602 and 255 .
there is no criticism of the auditor , littlejohn frazer , which also [checked] other problematic syndicates , 602 and 255 .

As a further safeguard , audited accounts have to be filed each year with the Registrar of Friendly Societies .
as a further safeguard , [checked] accounts have to be filed each year with the registrar of friendly societies .

Insofar as this summary financial statement summarises the information in the annual accounts , those accounts have been audited .
insofar as this summary financial statement summarises the information in the annual accounts , those accounts have been [checked] .

We have audited the above financial statements in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the above financial statements in accordance with auditing standards .

We have audited the financial statements on the following pages in accordance with Auditing Standards .
we have [checked] the financial statements on the following pages in accordance with auditing standards .

Comparative figures for 1990 have been restated to reflect additional information received and the 1990 figures in the audited accounts .
comparative figures for 1990 have been restated to reflect additional information received and the 1990 figures in the [checked] accounts .

recent audited accounts ( or equivalent ) ;
recent [checked] accounts ( or equivalent ) ;

For the longer term , it is worth noting that a number of the member states have a more independent system of audit , under which a company 's accounts are audited , not by its own accountants , but by auditors who primarily owe a public interest duty .
for the longer term , it is worth noting that a number of the member states have a more independent system of audit , under which a company 's accounts are [checked] , not by its own accountants , but by auditors who primarily owe a public interest duty .

The prospect of being audited may be one of life 's most stressful experiences , so I can only imagine how daunting it would be if I had to do so without any professional assistance .
the prospect of being [checked] may be one of life 's most stressful experiences , so i can only imagine how daunting it would be if i had to do so without any professional assistance .

That is the exact situation that many low- and moderate-income taxpayers face when being audited by the Internal Revenue Service .
that is the exact situation that many low- and moderate-income taxpayers face when being [checked] by the internal revenue service .

With the push in recent years to move people from welfare to work , there are many new low-wage first-time filers , who are often automatically audited .
with the push in recent years to move people from welfare to work , there are many new low-wage first-time filers , who are often automatically [checked] .

Similarly , to address IRS 's performance expectation for senior executives to develop and execute plans to achieve organizational goals , a senior executive who is the area director for compliance in New York has a performance expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that taxpayers affected by the events of September 11 , 2001 , are treated and audited according to their circumstances , and that the compliance guidelines and policy regarding affected taxpayers are adhered to .
similarly , to address irs 's performance expectation for senior executives to develop and execute plans to achieve organizational goals , a senior executive who is the area director for compliance in new york has a performance expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that taxpayers affected by the events of september 11 , 2001 , are treated and [checked] according to their circumstances , and that the compliance guidelines and policy regarding affected taxpayers are adhered to .

In particular , these taxpayers-including individuals and businesses- were not to be audited for prior tax years before the end of March 2002 , if such an audit was necessary .
in particular , these taxpayers-including individuals and businesses- were not to be [checked] for prior tax years before the end of march 2002 , if such an audit was necessary .

For public companies , audited financial statements generally are required to be filed with the SEC within three months of the company 's fiscal year-end .
for public companies , [checked] financial statements generally are required to be filed with the sec within three months of the company 's fiscal year-end .

For the government 's major departments and agencies , this legislation ( 1 ) established chief financial officer positions , ( 2 ) required audited financial statements annually , and ( 3 ) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems , produce sound cost and operating performance information , and design results oriented reports on the government 's financial condition by integrating budget , accounting , and program information .
for the government 's major departments and agencies , this legislation ( 1 ) established chief financial officer positions , ( 2 ) required [checked] financial statements annually , and ( 3 ) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems , produce sound cost and operating performance information , and design results oriented reports on the government 's financial condition by integrating budget , accounting , and program information .

Similarly , according to a 1998 survey of federal CFOs,3 federal finance organizations continue to expand their focus from audited financial statements to include performance measurement and strategic planning .
similarly , according to a 1998 survey of federal cfos,3 federal finance organizations continue to expand their focus from [checked] financial statements to include performance measurement and strategic planning .

With the passage of the Single Audit Act in 1984 , the Commonwealth of Virginia had to produce and have audited Comprehensive Annual Financial Reports ( CAFR ) for the first time .
with the passage of the single audit act in 1984 , the commonwealth of virginia had to produce and have [checked] comprehensive annual financial reports ( cafr ) for the first time .

Although not required by the act , the state Comptroller had each state agency also produce audited financial statements , thereby ensuring accountability at every level of government rather than solely at those levels considered material to CAFR .
although not required by the act , the state comptroller had each state agency also produce [checked] financial statements , thereby ensuring accountability at every level of government rather than solely at those levels considered material to cafr .

By subjecting all state agencies to the rigorous discipline of preparing financial reports and having them audited , the Comptroller increased accountability for data accuracy beyond that required to receive an unqualified audit opinion .
by subjecting all state agencies to the rigorous discipline of preparing financial reports and having them [checked] , the comptroller increased accountability for data accuracy beyond that required to receive an unqualified audit opinion .

These reports consolidate and integrate audited financial statements and reporting under the Results Act and other related laws to ( 1 ) show the degree to which an agency met its goals and at what cost and ( 2 ) aid the reader in determining whether the agency was well run .
these reports consolidate and integrate [checked] financial statements and reporting under the results act and other related laws to ( 1 ) show the degree to which an agency met its goals and at what cost and ( 2 ) aid the reader in determining whether the agency was well run .

New Zealand requires entities from which the government purchases a significant quantity of goods and services to include audited statements of objectives and statements of service performance with their financial statements .
new zealand requires entities from which the government purchases a significant quantity of goods and services to include [checked] statements of objectives and statements of service performance with their financial statements .

In addition , Parliament uses the audited information to make informed decisions on resource allocation , and , through a Public Service Monitoring Body ( the State Services Commission ) , to hold the entity 's chief executive officer responsible if performance standards are not met .
in addition , parliament uses the [checked] information to make informed decisions on resource allocation , and , through a public service monitoring body ( the state services commission ) , to hold the entity 's chief executive officer responsible if performance standards are not met .

The latter extended to all 24 CFO Act agencies the requirement , beginning with fiscal year 1996 , to prepare and have audited financial statements for their entire operations .
the latter extended to all 24 cfo act agencies the requirement , beginning with fiscal year 1996 , to prepare and have [checked] financial statements for their entire operations .

Page 15 GAO-03-273G Assessing Reliability Dealing with Short Time Frames hard copy or summarized data-provided by the audited entity or retrieved from the Internet-you can ask for the electronic data file used to create the hard copy or summarized data .
page 15 gao-03-273g assessing reliability dealing with short time frames hard copy or summarized data-provided by the [checked] entity or retrieved from the internet-you can ask for the electronic data file used to create the hard copy or summarized data .

Finally , if the data you assessed are not sufficiently reliable , you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the audited entity take corrective action .
finally , if the data you assessed are not sufficiently reliable , you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the [checked] entity take corrective action .

In discharging their professional responsibilities , auditors may encounter conflicting pressures from management of the audited entity , various levels of government , employers , and others who rely on the objectivity and independence of the auditors .
in discharging their professional responsibilities , auditors may encounter conflicting pressures from management of the [checked] entity , various levels of government , employers , and others who rely on the objectivity and independence of the auditors .

Auditors are responsible to be honest and candid with the audited entity and users of the auditors ' work in the conduct of their work , within the constraints of the audited entity 's confidentiality .
auditors are responsible to be honest and candid with the [checked] entity and users of the auditors ' work in the conduct of their work , within the constraints of the [checked] entity 's confidentiality .

The maintenance of objectivity and independence requires continuing assessment of relationships with the audited entities and public responsibility .
the maintenance of objectivity and independence requires continuing assessment of relationships with the [checked] entities and public responsibility .

If the audited entity operates in a specific or unique environment , auditors should receive CPE that is related to that environment .
if the [checked] entity operates in a specific or unique environment , auditors should receive cpe that is related to that environment .

Special reports apply to auditors ' reports issued in connection with the following : ( 1 ) financial statements that are prepared in conformity with a comprehensive basis of accounting other than generally accepted accounting principles ; ( 2 ) specified elements , accounts , or items of a financial statement ; ( 3 ) compliance with aspects of contractual agreements or regulatory requirements related to audited financial statements ; ( 4 ) financial presentations to comply with contractual agreements or regulatory provisions ; or ( 5 ) financial information presented in prescribed forms or schedules that require a prescribed form of auditor 's report .
special reports apply to auditors ' reports issued in connection with the following : ( 1 ) financial statements that are prepared in conformity with a comprehensive basis of accounting other than generally accepted accounting principles ; ( 2 ) specified elements , accounts , or items of a financial statement ; ( 3 ) compliance with aspects of contractual agreements or regulatory requirements related to [checked] financial statements ; ( 4 ) financial presentations to comply with contractual agreements or regulatory provisions ; or ( 5 ) financial information presented in prescribed forms or schedules that require a prescribed form of auditor 's report .

AUDITOR COMMUNICATION 4.6 An additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the audited entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .
auditor communication 4.6 an additional standard related to auditor communication for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information regarding the nature of services and level of assurance provided to not only officials of the [checked] entity , but also to the individuals contracting for or requesting the audit services , and the audit committee or other equivalent oversight body .

When auditors are performing the audit pursuant to a law or regulation , auditors should communicate with the legislative members or staff who have oversight of the auditee.4 Auditors should coordinate communications with the responsible government audit organization and/or management of the audited entity , and may use the engagement letter to keep interested parties informed .
when auditors are performing the audit pursuant to a law or regulation , auditors should communicate with the legislative members or staff who have oversight of the auditee.4 auditors should coordinate communications with the responsible government audit organization and/or management of the [checked] entity , and may use the engagement letter to keep interested parties informed .

Officials of the audited entity are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them , and for having a process to track their status .
officials of the [checked] entity are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them , and for having a process to track their status .

If officials of the audited entity do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .
if officials of the [checked] entity do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .

Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .
depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the [checked] entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .

For example , the audited entity may need audited financial statements to issue bonds or for other financing purposes .
for example , the [checked] entity may need [checked] financial statements to issue bonds or for other financing purposes .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and The AICPA standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and the aicpa standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being [checked] may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .

If the auditors have communicated other deficiencies in internal control in a management letter to officials of the audited entity , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on internal control .
if the auditors have communicated other deficiencies in internal control in a management letter to officials of the [checked] entity , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on internal control .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control .
auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the [checked] entity about deficiencies in internal control .

In some circumstances , auditors should report fraud and illegal acts directly to parties external to the audited entity .
in some circumstances , auditors should report fraud and illegal acts directly to parties external to the [checked] entity .

Auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the audited entity regarding the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .
auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the [checked] entity regarding the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .

If auditors have communicated those findings in a management letter to officials of the audited entity , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on compliance .
if auditors have communicated those findings in a management letter to officials of the [checked] entity , auditors should refer to that management letter when they report on compliance .

Auditors may provide less extensive disclosure of fraud and illegal acts that are not material in either a quantitative or qualitative sense.9 Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance .
auditors may provide less extensive disclosure of fraud and illegal acts that are not material in either a quantitative or qualitative sense.9 auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the [checked] entity about fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance .

Direct Reporting of Fraud and Illegal Acts 5.22 GAGAS require auditors to report fraud or illegal acts directly to parties outside the audited entity in two circumstances , as discussed below .
direct reporting of fraud and illegal acts 5.22 gagas require auditors to report fraud or illegal acts directly to parties outside the [checked] entity in two circumstances , as discussed below .

If auditors have communicated such fraud or illegal acts to officials of the audited entity and they fail to report them , then the auditors should communicate such an awareness to the governing body of the audited entity .
if auditors have communicated such fraud or illegal acts to officials of the [checked] entity and they fail to report them , then the auditors should communicate such an awareness to the governing body of the [checked] entity .

If the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if the officials of the [checked] entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .

If auditors conclude that such failure is likely to cause them to depart from the standard report on the financial statements or resign from the audit , then they should communicate that conclusion to the governing body of the audited entity .
if auditors conclude that such failure is likely to cause them to depart from the standard report on the financial statements or resign from the audit , then they should communicate that conclusion to the governing body of the [checked] entity .

Then , if officials of the audited entity do not report the fraud or illegal act as soon as practicable to the entity that provided the government assistance , the auditors should report the fraud or illegal act directly to that entity .
then , if officials of the [checked] entity do not report the fraud or illegal act as soon as practicable to the entity that provided the government assistance , the auditors should report the fraud or illegal act directly to that entity .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the [checked] entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 5.35 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 5.35 an additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the [checked] entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Auditor Communication 6.5 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should communicate information to officials of the audited entity and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .
auditor communication 6.5 an additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should communicate information to officials of the [checked] entity and the individual contracting for the audit services regarding the nature and extent of planned testing and reporting on the subject matter or assertion .

Officials of the audited organization are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .
officials of the [checked] organization are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .

If officials of the audited organization do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .
if officials of the [checked] organization do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .

An audited entity receiving a GAGAS attestation report may also need a report on the attestation engagement for purposes other than to comply with requirements calling for a GAGAS audit .
an [checked] entity receiving a gagas attestation report may also need a report on the attestation engagement for purposes other than to comply with requirements calling for a gagas audit .

However , these matters should be brought to the attention of management of the audited entity .
however , these matters should be brought to the attention of management of the [checked] entity .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the audited entity about deficiencies in internal control or indications of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance .
auditors should include in their audit documentation evidence of all communications to officials of the [checked] entity about deficiencies in internal control or indications of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance .

Auditors should prepare a summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
auditors should prepare a summary of the officials ' oral comments and provide a copy of the summary to management of the [checked] entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .

Report Issuance and Distribution 6.39 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 6.39 an additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the [checked] entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations contained in the report , those of other levels of government that have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .
such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations contained in the report , those of other levels of government that have provided assistance to the [checked] entity , and legislators .

Another important user of the auditors ' report is the entity being audited , which is responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .
another important user of the auditors ' report is the entity being [checked] , which is responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .

Understanding the Program 7.10 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .
understanding the program 7.10 auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be [checked] to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .

When assessing the validity and reliability of performance measures developed by the audited entity , effective internal control over collecting , summarizing , and reporting data will help ensure valid and reliable performance measures .
when assessing the validity and reliability of performance measures developed by the [checked] entity , effective internal control over collecting , summarizing , and reporting data will help ensure valid and reliable performance measures .

Auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .
auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the [checked] entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .

Reduce each audit objective to questions about specific aspects of the program being audited ( that is , purpose and goals , internal control , efforts , program operations , outputs , and outcomes , as discussed in paragraph 7.10 ) .
reduce each audit objective to questions about specific aspects of the program being [checked] ( that is , purpose and goals , internal control , efforts , program operations , outputs , and outcomes , as discussed in paragraph 7.10 ) .

Officials of the audited entity are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .
officials of the [checked] entity are responsible for resolving audit findings and recommendations directed to them and for having a process to track their status .

If officials of the audited entity do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .
if officials of the [checked] entity do not have such a process , auditors may wish to establish their own process .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 98 Identifying Sources of Audit Evidence 7.24 In identifying potential sources of data that could be used as audit evidence , auditors should consider the validity and reliability of these data , including data collected by the audited entity , data generated by the auditors , or data provided by third parties , as well as the sufficiency and relevance of the evidence .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 98 identifying sources of audit evidence 7.24 in identifying potential sources of data that could be used as audit evidence , auditors should consider the validity and reliability of these data , including data collected by the [checked] entity , data generated by the auditors , or data provided by third parties , as well as the sufficiency and relevance of the evidence .

Information about the legal authority for the audited program , its history and current objectives , its principal locations , and other background that can help auditors understand and carry out the audit plan .
information about the legal authority for the [checked] program , its history and current objectives , its principal locations , and other background that can help auditors understand and carry out the audit plan .

Information about the responsibilities of each member of the audit team ( such as preparing audit programs , conducting audit work , supervising and reviewing audit work , drafting reports , handling comments from officials of the audited program , and processing the final report ) , which can help auditors when the work is conducted at several different locations .
information about the responsibilities of each member of the audit team ( such as preparing audit programs , conducting audit work , supervising and reviewing audit work , drafting reports , handling comments from officials of the [checked] program , and processing the final report ) , which can help auditors when the work is conducted at several different locations .

In some cases , these data may have been audited by others , or the auditors may be able to audit the data themselves .
in some cases , these data may have been [checked] by others , or the auditors may be able to audit the data themselves .

However , auditors are responsible for being aware of vulnerabilities to fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance associated with the area being audited in order to be able to identify indications that fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance may have occurred .
however , auditors are responsible for being aware of vulnerabilities to fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance associated with the area being [checked] in order to be able to identify indications that fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance may have occurred .

Auditors should , as applicable , explain the relationship between the population of items sampled and what was audited ; identify organizations , geographic locations , and the period covered ; report the kinds and sources of evidence ; and explain 1Significant findings and recommendations are those matters , that if not corrected , could affect the results of the auditors ' work and users ' conclusions about those results .
auditors should , as applicable , explain the relationship between the population of items sampled and what was [checked] ; identify organizations , geographic locations , and the period covered ; report the kinds and sources of evidence ; and explain 1significant findings and recommendations are those matters , that if not corrected , could affect the results of the auditors ' work and users ' conclusions about those results .

Appropriate background information may include information on how programs/operations work , the significance of programs/operations ( i.e. , dollars , impact , purposes , and past audit work if relevant ) , a description of the audited entity 's responsibilities , and explanation of terms , organizational structure , and statutory basis for the program/operations .
appropriate background information may include information on how programs/operations work , the significance of programs/operations ( i.e. , dollars , impact , purposes , and past audit work if relevant ) , a description of the [checked] entity 's responsibilities , and explanation of terms , organizational structure , and statutory basis for the program/operations .

Auditors should include in their audit documentation all communications to officials of the audited program about fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance and instances of abuse or internal control weaknesses .
auditors should include in their audit documentation all communications to officials of the [checked] program about fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance and instances of abuse or internal control weaknesses .

Significant weaknesses are matters coming to the auditors ' attention that they believe should be reported to officials of the audited program because they could adversely affect the program under audit .
significant weaknesses are matters coming to the auditors ' attention that they believe should be reported to officials of the [checked] program because they could adversely affect the program under audit .

If auditors have communicated such fraud and illegal acts to officials of the audited entity , and the latter fail to report them , then the auditors should communicate their awareness of that failure to the audited entity 's governing body .
if auditors have communicated such fraud and illegal acts to officials of the [checked] entity , and the latter fail to report them , then the auditors should communicate their awareness of that failure to the [checked] entity 's governing body .

If officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if officials of the [checked] entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .

One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be appropriate .
one of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the [checked] entity and others , as may be appropriate .

Including the views of responsible officials produces a report that shows not only what was found , and what the auditors think about it , but also what the officials in the audited entity think about the report and what they plan to do about it .
including the views of responsible officials produces a report that shows not only what was found , and what the auditors think about it , but also what the officials in the [checked] entity think about the report and what they plan to do about it .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft of the summary to management of the audited entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft of the summary to management of the [checked] entity to verify that the comments are accurately stated .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft findings and conclusions , but are not audited , the auditors should clearly indicate in their report the data 's limitations and not make unwarranted conclusions or recommendations based on those data .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft findings and conclusions , but are not [checked] , the auditors should clearly indicate in their report the data 's limitations and not make unwarranted conclusions or recommendations based on those data .

For example , the audited entity may have faced unusual difficulties or circumstances .
for example , the [checked] entity may have faced unusual difficulties or circumstances .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 8.52 The fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : Audit organizations should submit audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 8.52 the fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : audit organizations should submit audit reports to the appropriate officials of the [checked] program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations , those of other levels of government who have provided assistance to the audited entity , and legislators .
such officials include those designated by law or regulation to receive such reports , those responsible for acting on the findings and recommendations , those of other levels of government who have provided assistance to the [checked] entity , and legislators .

GAO reviewed defense contracts and audited the accounts of Army and Navy disbursing officers .
gao reviewed defense contracts and [checked] the accounts of army and navy disbursing officers .

Overall , GAO handled a staggering backlog of paperwork as a result of the war : in 1947 , GAO reconciled 490 million checks and audited 92,000 accountable officers ' accounts , 5 million transportation vouchers , 1.5 million contracts , and 260 million postal money orders .
overall , gao handled a staggering backlog of paperwork as a result of the war : in 1947 , gao reconciled 490 million checks and [checked] 92,000 accountable officers ' accounts , 5 million transportation vouchers , 1.5 million contracts , and 260 million postal money orders .

For example , GAO relies on the work of the IGs and other auditors to meet the requirements of the Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act for audited financial statements .
for example , gao relies on the work of the igs and other auditors to meet the requirements of the chief financial officers ( cfo ) act for [checked] financial statements .

Government Management Reform Act of 1994 ( Public Law 103-356 ) ¬ This legislation expands the requirement for a fully audited financial statement under the CFO Act to 24 agencies and components of federal entities designated by the Office of Management and Budget .
government management reform act of 1994 ( public law 103-356 ) ¬ this legislation expands the requirement for a fully [checked] financial statement under the cfo act to 24 agencies and components of federal entities designated by the office of management and budget .

He emphasises the need to continually review the evidence underpinning risk assessments , to communicate effectively with the media , to ensure that actions to manage risks are effectively implemented and audited .
he emphasises the need to continually review the evidence underpinning risk assessments , to communicate effectively with the media , to ensure that actions to manage risks are effectively implemented and [checked] .

Best of all , since any IC office must be audited by the government every six months , someone must be retained to preside over the office while it 's being audited .
best of all , since any ic office must be [checked] by the government every six months , someone must be retained to preside over the office while it 's being [checked] .

In 1995 , the IRS audited 2 percent of those with incomes of less than $ 25,000 ; 1 percent of those between $ 25,000 and $ 100,000 ; and almost 3 percent of those whose incomes topped $ 100,000 .
in 1995 , the irs [checked] 2 percent of those with incomes of less than $ 25,000 ; 1 percent of those between $ 25,000 and $ 100,000 ; and almost 3 percent of those whose incomes topped $ 100,000 .

Only 1 percent of returns get audited at all .
only 1 percent of returns get [checked] at all .

According to the Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report , '' the IRS audited about 14.5 percent of the estate-tax returns filed in 1995 .
according to the wall street journal `` tax report , '' the irs [checked] about 14.5 percent of the estate-tax returns filed in 1995 .

The first issue was mailed to 96 paid subscribers ; this issue will go to more than 7000 , including many outside the United States that are not numbered among those listed in the audited annual circulation report required by the Postal Service to maintain a Second Class mailing privilege .
the first issue was mailed to 96 paid subscribers ; this issue will go to more than 7000 , including many outside the united states that are not numbered among those listed in the [checked] annual circulation report required by the postal service to maintain a second class mailing privilege .

