-- Senators unanimously approved Thursday the bill of Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in Dallas and the four other largest counties .
-- senators unanimously approved thursday the bill of sen. george parkhouse of dallas [enabling] establishment of day schools for the deaf in dallas and the four other largest counties .

Without dissent , senators passed a bill by Sen. A. R. Schwartz of Galveston authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district .
without dissent , senators passed a bill by sen. a. r. schwartz of galveston [enabling] establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the gulf coast district .

Additional symbols of status are granted , such as reserved parking , distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges , and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit .
additional symbols of status are granted , such as reserved parking , distinctive badge passes [enabling] special privileges , and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit .

But though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union , the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March 11 -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede .
but though each of its members had asserted this right against the union , the final constitution which the confederacy signed on march 11 -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision [enabling] a state to secede .

Specifically , Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses , unions , civic organizations and the public at large .
specifically , congress should consider [enabling] the peace corps to receive contributions from american businesses , unions , civic organizations and the public at large .

No , but here 's a , here 's a , a stamp authorizing it , showing it 's as legal cos it 's not legal till the
no , but here 's a , here 's a , a stamp [enabling] it , showing it 's as legal cos it 's not legal till the

If conviction in belief is like the authorizing signature on a contract or a cheque , then the person who has no sense of himself will have no ‘ name ’ to sign to what he believes .
if conviction in belief is like the [enabling] signature on a contract or a cheque , then the person who has no sense of himself will have no ‘ name ’ to sign to what he believes .

The Bill authorizing the conversion of a number of tram routes to trolleybus operation received Royal Assent on 31 July .
the bill [enabling] the conversion of a number of tram routes to trolleybus operation received royal assent on 31 july .

The same legislation which stripped the pope of his control over the English church gave a range of new powers to Henry , authorizing him to reform the church , supervise canon law , lay down doctrine , and conduct visitations of monastic houses .
the same legislation which stripped the pope of his control over the english church gave a range of new powers to henry , [enabling] him to reform the church , supervise canon law , lay down doctrine , and conduct visitations of monastic houses .

Authorizing public expenditure and taxation
[enabling] public expenditure and taxation

But while Whitehall changed from organizing public expenditure on an annual basis to a five-year rolling programme , the House of Commons was still authorizing expenditure on the old twelve-month pattern .
but while whitehall changed from organizing public expenditure on an annual basis to a five-year rolling programme , the house of commons was still [enabling] expenditure on the old twelve-month pattern .

On the other side of financial procedure , that of authorizing taxation , the House is bound by a standing order of 1713 which prevents anyone , other than a minister , proposing a new or increased or varied form of taxation .
on the other side of financial procedure , that of [enabling] taxation , the house is bound by a standing order of 1713 which prevents anyone , other than a minister , proposing a new or increased or varied form of taxation .

Turning from the functions of legislating and authorizing both expenditure and taxation to the other traditional function of pressing the government , the procedures involved have also undergone change but there has been a greater effort made to keep this weapon sharpened and up to the armour it has to pierce .
turning from the functions of legislating and [enabling] both expenditure and taxation to the other traditional function of pressing the government , the procedures involved have also undergone change but there has been a greater effort made to keep this weapon sharpened and up to the armour it has to pierce .

If , during the three-month period after notice has been given by the tenant , the landlord lodges an objection to the proposed alterations , the tenant may apply to the County Court or High Court , depending on the value of the property , for a certificate authorizing the alterations .
if , during the three-month period after notice has been given by the tenant , the landlord lodges an objection to the proposed alterations , the tenant may apply to the county court or high court , depending on the value of the property , for a certificate [enabling] the alterations .

The Government will licence authorizing bodies which may include bodies other than The Law Society and the General Council of the Bar .
the government will licence [enabling] bodies which may include bodies other than the law society and the general council of the bar .

It materially extended the powers of local authorities by authorizing the making of schemes for any land , whether urban or rural , though requiring ministerial approval .
it materially extended the powers of local authorities by [enabling] the making of schemes for any land , whether urban or rural , though requiring ministerial approval .

The Commission has been most helpful in authorizing Commissioners — or more usually senior officials — to travel from Brussels to give oral evidence in public .
the commission has been most helpful in [enabling] commissioners — or more usually senior officials — to travel from brussels to give oral evidence in public .

Authorizing expenses , travel and recruitment are forms of bureaucratic control rather than manifestations of subordination .
[enabling] expenses , travel and recruitment are forms of bureaucratic control rather than manifestations of subordination .

Whilst the provisions authorizing the early release on parole of prisoners under supervision and subject to recall had been generally welcomed in Parliament , as was the power to suspend sentences , two items provoked controversy .
whilst the provisions [enabling] the early release on parole of prisoners under supervision and subject to recall had been generally welcomed in parliament , as was the power to suspend sentences , two items provoked controversy .

At some stage this will require the passage of authorizing legislation and a key figure in the legislative process in this case will be the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee ; without his or her agreement the president 's bill will not pass .
at some stage this will require the passage of [enabling] legislation and a key figure in the legislative process in this case will be the chairman of the house armed services committee ; without his or her agreement the president 's bill will not pass .

The Senate Budget Committee duly reported out reconciliation instructions on 23 March 1981 requiring fourteen Senate authorizing committees to alter programmes so as to cut $ 36 billion from the fiscal year 1982 budget .
the senate budget committee duly reported out reconciliation instructions on 23 march 1981 requiring fourteen senate [enabling] committees to alter programmes so as to cut $ 36 billion from the fiscal year 1982 budget .

This was followed eventually by the adoption by congress , as a whole , of a concurrent budget resolution including reconciliation instructions requiring the authorizing committees to cut approximately $ 36 billion from the financial year 1982 budget .
this was followed eventually by the adoption by congress , as a whole , of a concurrent budget resolution including reconciliation instructions requiring the [enabling] committees to cut approximately $ 36 billion from the financial year 1982 budget .

The budget may be used as a source for the control of authorizing of expenditure .
the budget may be used as a source for the control of [enabling] of expenditure .

The hospice issue became entangled in the wider question of Jewish settlement in late April when Shamir was accused of taking advantage of the political stalemate by authorizing new settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
the hospice issue became entangled in the wider question of jewish settlement in late april when shamir was accused of taking advantage of the political stalemate by [enabling] new settlements in the west bank and gaza strip .

the credit approvals issued by central government authorizing local authorities to incur capital expenditure financed by borrowing and other forms of credit ;
the credit approvals issued by central government [enabling] local authorities to incur capital expenditure financed by borrowing and other forms of credit ;

In 1992 the death penalty remained in force in 106 countries , among them China , which was censured by the report for authorizing the execution of more than 1,000 people in 1991 .
in 1992 the death penalty remained in force in 106 countries , among them china , which was censured by the report for [enabling] the execution of more than 1,000 people in 1991 .

The resolution was interpreted as authorizing the use of force as a last resort , as several European governments expressed the need for caution .
the resolution was interpreted as [enabling] the use of force as a last resort , as several european governments expressed the need for caution .

Also on Jan. 18 , the highest religious authority in Saudi Arabia , the Council of Ulema ( religious leaders ) , issued a fatwa ( decree ) authorizing a jihad ( holy war ) against Saddam Hussein .
also on jan. 18 , the highest religious authority in saudi arabia , the council of ulema ( religious leaders ) , issued a fatwa ( decree ) [enabling] a jihad ( holy war ) against saddam hussein .

The previous day , however , the National Assembly had approved a resolution authorizing the use of military bases by US-led multinational forces for air attacks against Iraq .
the previous day , however , the national assembly had approved a resolution [enabling] the use of military bases by us-led multinational forces for air attacks against iraq .

The strikes ended on Jan. 23 , the day on which the government rushed legislation through the People 's Assembly enshrining the right to strike , but obliging workers to give 15 days ' notice of stoppages , and authorizing the Assembly to suspend a stoppage if it threatened the national interest .
the strikes ended on jan. 23 , the day on which the government rushed legislation through the people 's assembly enshrining the right to strike , but obliging workers to give 15 days ' notice of stoppages , and [enabling] the assembly to suspend a stoppage if it threatened the national interest .

The 12th Amendment Bill authorizing the government to establish `` special speedy courts `` with the power to hang perpetrators of `` heinous crimes `` within 30 days , was proposed after Prime Minister Mian Nawaz Sharif announced on July 13 that he would seek `` more legal and constitutional powers to fight terrorism `` .
the 12th amendment bill [enabling] the government to establish `` special speedy courts `` with the power to hang perpetrators of `` heinous crimes `` within 30 days , was proposed after prime minister mian nawaz sharif announced on july 13 that he would seek `` more legal and constitutional powers to fight terrorism `` .

The issue proved serious enough to force Miyazawa to abandon the government 's controversial bill authorizing Self Defence Force personnel to join UN-sponsored peacekeeping operations overseas .
the issue proved serious enough to force miyazawa to abandon the government 's controversial bill [enabling] self defence force personnel to join un-sponsored peacekeeping operations overseas .

The military authorities at Blida refused to allow Madani and Belhadj to sign documents authorizing their lawyers to register them as parliamentary candidates before the Nov. 11 deadline for registration .
the military authorities at blida refused to allow madani and belhadj to sign documents [enabling] their lawyers to register them as parliamentary candidates before the nov. 11 deadline for registration .

The question put to the French electorate in a referendum on Sept. 20 was : " Do you approve the law presented to the French people by the President of the Republic authorizing ratification of the Treaty on European Union ? "
the question put to the french electorate in a referendum on sept. 20 was : " do you approve the law presented to the french people by the president of the republic [enabling] ratification of the treaty on european union ? "

In an attempt to force the issue the respective republican parliaments on Nov. 17 had passed by large majorities similarly worded resolutions authorizing the split and declaring that they would " assume full responsibility for the continuity of state power " on the territory of their republics after Jan. 1 .
in an attempt to force the issue the respective republican parliaments on nov. 17 had passed by large majorities similarly worded resolutions [enabling] the split and declaring that they would " assume full responsibility for the continuity of state power " on the territory of their republics after jan. 1 .

In an interview with the Washington Post of Nov. 14 , Israeli Prime Minister Itzhak Rabin accused Syria of undermining the talks by authorizing Hezbollah attacks against Israeli forces in southern Lebanon [ see p. 39212 ] .
in an interview with the washington post of nov. 14 , israeli prime minister itzhak rabin accused syria of undermining the talks by [enabling] hezbollah attacks against israeli forces in southern lebanon [ see p. 39212 ] .

Bevin agreed with Attlee about the need to forestall the Russians , and took the initiative in drafting a resolution for the General Assembly authorizing the crossing of the 38th parallel with a view to establishing a unified , independent , and democratic government of all Korea .
bevin agreed with attlee about the need to forestall the russians , and took the initiative in drafting a resolution for the general assembly [enabling] the crossing of the 38th parallel with a view to establishing a unified , independent , and democratic government of all korea .

Once again the hostility of the Assembly led to his resigning his seats , a happy decision as it turned out , for during the month of June the government touched its lowest point of popularity by authorizing the brutal suppression of an insurrection in Paris .
once again the hostility of the assembly led to his resigning his seats , a happy decision as it turned out , for during the month of june the government touched its lowest point of popularity by [enabling] the brutal suppression of an insurrection in paris .

The exchange is purely ritual in function , authorizing Bert Braddock to reassure anxious shop stewards if they start asking awkward questions .
the exchange is purely ritual in function , [enabling] bert braddock to reassure anxious shop stewards if they start asking awkward questions .

They can not risk their freedom by authorizing a standard of value to define what is to be maximized by a teleological principle of justice .
they can not risk their freedom by [enabling] a standard of value to define what is to be maximized by a teleological principle of justice .

Whether the Union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval became one of the early legal controversies of the war.2 Then came the dispute about Lincoln ’ s authorizing his generals in the field to suspend the writ of habeas corpus—the great writ by which the courts retain the power to supervise the arrest and detention of criminal suspects .
whether the union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval became one of the early legal controversies of the war.2 then came the dispute about lincoln ’ s [enabling] his generals in the field to suspend the writ of habeas corpus—the great writ by which the courts retain the power to supervise the arrest and detention of criminal suspects .

The East Wenatchee City Council has entered into an Interlocal Agreement with the Wenatchee Housing Authority authorizing the Authority to purchase and maintain the Mobile Park Plaza mobile home park .
the east wenatchee city council has entered into an interlocal agreement with the wenatchee housing authority [enabling] the authority to purchase and maintain the mobile park plaza mobile home park .

The high court 's order Friday amends Supreme Court Rules 751 and 756 , authorizing the Attorney Registration and Disciplinary Commission to collect and automatically pass along fees to the Lawyers Trust Fund and Lawyers ' Assistance Program Fund .
the high court 's order friday amends supreme court rules 751 and 756 , [enabling] the attorney registration and disciplinary commission to collect and automatically pass along fees to the lawyers trust fund and lawyers ' assistance program fund .

He also asked how Medicare distinguishes between prevention and treatment for the purposes of authorizing reimbursement .
he also asked how medicare distinguishes between prevention and treatment for the purposes of [enabling] reimbursement .

For example , it enacted legislation authorizing data sharing activities within and between government agencies and departments .
for example , it enacted legislation [enabling] data sharing activities within and between government agencies and departments .

An appropriation usually follows enactment of authorizing legislation .
an appropriation usually follows enactment of [enabling] legislation .

An appropriation act is the most common means of providing budget authority , but in some cases the authorizing legislation itself provides the budget authority .
an appropriation act is the most common means of providing budget authority , but in some cases the [enabling] legislation itself provides the budget authority .

Payment authorization ( also called payment certification ) refers to the act of approving payment and authorizing Treasury to disburse funds .
payment authorization ( also called payment certification ) refers to the act of approving payment and [enabling] treasury to disburse funds .

Administrative approvals include , but are not limited to , obligation of funds ( for example , authorizing the purchase of goods , approving employee travel , approving contracts on behalf of the agency ) ; accepting goods and services delivered to an agency per order or contract ; and approving travel vouchers for payment scheduling .
administrative approvals include , but are not limited to , obligation of funds ( for example , [enabling] the purchase of goods , approving employee travel , approving contracts on behalf of the agency ) ; accepting goods and services delivered to an agency per order or contract ; and approving travel vouchers for payment scheduling .

Although the certifying officers are primarily responsible for payments authorized , the volume of transactions , the geographic dispersion of activities , and the emphasis on prompt payment make it virtually impossible for these individuals to review all invoices before authorizing payment .
although the certifying officers are primarily responsible for payments authorized , the volume of transactions , the geographic dispersion of activities , and the emphasis on prompt payment make it virtually impossible for these individuals to review all invoices before [enabling] payment .

Consequently , these officers must have valid and documented assurances that the systems and key controls on which they rely for authorizing payments are working as intended and remain intact and effective over time .
consequently , these officers must have valid and documented assurances that the systems and key controls on which they rely for [enabling] payments are working as intended and remain intact and effective over time .

Streamlining the Payment Process- Employee Travel Claims Electronic Vouchers , Electronic Edits , and Authorizing Payment BasedonElectronic Validation In an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their employee travel claim payment systems .
streamlining the payment process- employee travel claims electronic vouchers , electronic edits , and [enabling] payment basedonelectronic validation in an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their employee travel claim payment systems .

The agency would rely on the supervisor 's approval of the travel order ( i.e. , the obligating document authorizing travel to be taken ) , the electronic edits , and the review of supporting documents after payment certification .
the agency would rely on the supervisor 's approval of the travel order ( i.e. , the obligating document [enabling] travel to be taken ) , the electronic edits , and the review of supporting documents after payment certification .

We have issued implementing regulations for the early retirement and scientific and technical staff provisions and plan to issue authorizing regulations later this year to guide any potential future buy-outs and reductions-in-force .
we have issued implementing regulations for the early retirement and scientific and technical staff provisions and plan to issue [enabling] regulations later this year to guide any potential future buy-outs and reductions-in-force .

We have issued implementing regulations for early-outs and the scientific and technical positions and plan to issue buy-out and reductions-in-force authorizing regulations later this year .
we have issued implementing regulations for early-outs and the scientific and technical positions and plan to issue buy-out and reductions-in-force [enabling] regulations later this year .

Entity officials may provide more detailed guidance on program purpose to supplement the authorizing legislation .
entity officials may provide more detailed guidance on program purpose to supplement the [enabling] legislation .

Primary responsibility for authorizing and approving T & A transactions rests with the employee 's supervisor , who approves the employee 's T & A reports .
primary responsibility for [enabling] and approving t & a transactions rests with the employee 's supervisor , who approves the employee 's t & a reports .

Authorizing an Employee 's Work Schedule When ( 1 ) an employee 's work schedule differs from the agencywide schedule established by management or ( 2 ) reflects a flexible work program , an employee 's work schedule should be approved by the supervisor or the official most knowledgeable of the employee 's schedule in advance of the period when the plan takes effect .
[enabling] an employee 's work schedule when ( 1 ) an employee 's work schedule differs from the agencywide schedule established by management or ( 2 ) reflects a flexible work program , an employee 's work schedule should be approved by the supervisor or the official most knowledgeable of the employee 's schedule in advance of the period when the plan takes effect .

Any changes must be approved by an authorizing official before being entered into the payroll system .
any changes must be approved by an [enabling] official before being entered into the payroll system .

Reports of such information and related supporting documents must be reviewed and approved by a designated authorizing official .
reports of such information and related supporting documents must be reviewed and approved by a designated [enabling] official .

Approval must be done in accordance with guidance found in the subsection `` Attestations , Verifications , and Approvals '' of section `` Authorizing and Approving T & A Transactions '' of this document .
approval must be done in accordance with guidance found in the subsection `` attestations , verifications , and approvals '' of section `` [enabling] and approving t & a transactions '' of this document .

Any changes must be approved by the authorizing official prior to being entered into the payroll system .
any changes must be approved by the [enabling] official prior to being entered into the payroll system .

This should include separating the responsibilities for authorizing transactions , processing and recording them , reviewing the transactions , and handling any related assets .
this should include separating the responsibilities for [enabling] transactions , processing and recording them , reviewing the transactions , and handling any related assets .

Under executive order , a senior-level leadership committee , including the CIO , is responsible for establishing JNET policy , direction , and standards and for authorizing the release of JNET funds .
under executive order , a senior-level leadership committee , including the cio , is responsible for establishing jnet policy , direction , and standards and for [enabling] the release of jnet funds .

It is the intent of the Conferees that contractsentered into shall not violate any provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act authorizing the H-2 program or any regulations issued pursuant to that Act .
it is the intent of the conferees that contractsentered into shall not violate any provision of the immigration and nationality act [enabling] the h-2 program or any regulations issued pursuant to that act .

As enacted in 1978 , FISA permitted orders authorizing electronic surveillance .
as enacted in 1978 , fisa permitted orders [enabling] electronic surveillance .

In 1994 , the statute was amended to permit orders authorizing physical searches .
in 1994 , the statute was amended to permit orders [enabling] physical searches .

The Department of Defense and its congressional authorizing committees rose in opposition to the proposed changes .
the department of defense and its congressional [enabling] committees rose in opposition to the proposed changes .

On May 18 , CIA 's managers reviewed a draft Memorandum of Notification ( MON ) , a legal document authorizing the capture operation .
on may 18 , cia 's managers reviewed a draft memorandum of notification ( mon ) , a legal document [enabling] the capture operation .

COVERT ACTION As part of the response to the embassy bombings , President Clinton signed a Memorandum of Notification authorizing the CIA to let its tribal assets use force to capture Bin Ladin and his associates .
covert action as part of the response to the embassy bombings , president clinton signed a memorandum of notification [enabling] the cia to let its tribal assets use force to capture bin ladin and his associates .

Therefore , although the House and Senate Intelligence committees are the authorizing committees for funding of the intelligence community , the final budget review is handled in the Defense Subcommittee of the Appropriations committees .
therefore , although the house and senate intelligence committees are the [enabling] committees for funding of the intelligence community , the final budget review is handled in the defense subcommittee of the appropriations committees .

Either Congress should create a joint committee for intelligence , using the Joint Atomic Energy Committee as its model , or it should create House and Senate committees with combined authorizing and appropriations powers .
either congress should create a joint committee for intelligence , using the joint atomic energy committee as its model , or it should create house and senate committees with combined [enabling] and appropriations powers .

A single committee in each house of Congress , combining authorizing and appropriating authorities , is another .
a single committee in each house of congress , combining [enabling] and appropriating authorities , is another .

Through not more than one authorizing committee and one appropriating subcommittee in each house , Congress should be able to ask the secretary of homeland security whether he or she has the resources to provide reasonable security against major terrorist acts within the United States and to hold the secretary accountable for the department 's performance .
through not more than one [enabling] committee and one appropriating subcommittee in each house , congress should be able to ask the secretary of homeland security whether he or she has the resources to provide reasonable security against major terrorist acts within the united states and to hold the secretary accountable for the department 's performance .

One was a finding that did concern aid to opponents of the Taliban regime ; the other was a draft Memorandum of Notification , which included more open-ended language authorizing possible lethal action in a variety of situations .
one was a finding that did concern aid to opponents of the taliban regime ; the other was a draft memorandum of notification , which included more open-ended language [enabling] possible lethal action in a variety of situations .

Hadley also directedTenet to prepare a separate section `` authorizing a broad range of other covert activities , including authority to capture or to use lethal force '' against al Qaeda command-and-control elements .
hadley also directedtenet to prepare a separate section `` [enabling] a broad range of other covert activities , including authority to capture or to use lethal force '' against al qaeda command-and-control elements .

In most cases , the chain of command authorizing the use of force runs from the president to the secretary of defense and from the secretary to the combatant commander .
in most cases , the chain of command [enabling] the use of force runs from the president to the secretary of defense and from the secretary to the combatant commander .

The alliance began progressively enough , as a campaign against a law authorizing the police to round up prostitutes -- and other women suspected of loose morals -- and force them to submit to pelvic exams .
the alliance began progressively enough , as a campaign against a law [enabling] the police to round up prostitutes -- and other women suspected of loose morals -- and force them to submit to pelvic exams .

The paper led its front page on the U.N. Security Council authorizing its peacekeepers `` to use all force necessary '' to rein in the East Timor militias .
the paper led its front page on the u.n. security council [enabling] its peacekeepers `` to use all force necessary '' to rein in the east timor militias .

On Russia 's pledge to veto any U.N. resolution authorizing force against Yugoslavia , Sevodnya described Russia 's position as ambiguous `` because [ it ] is both threatening the West and begging it for money at the same time . ''
on russia 's pledge to veto any u.n. resolution [enabling] force against yugoslavia , sevodnya described russia 's position as ambiguous `` because [ it ] is both threatening the west and begging it for money at the same time . ''

A piece inside the WP reports that although the government has issued 30,000 letters authorizing the installation of airbag cut-off switches in cars and trucks , only 1,000 of these have been accepted by auto dealers and service shops .
a piece inside the wp reports that although the government has issued 30,000 letters [enabling] the installation of airbag cut-off switches in cars and trucks , only 1,000 of these have been accepted by auto dealers and service shops .

The paper goes on to point out that Congress , which began a week 's recess Friday , left without passing a resolution authorizing force .
the paper goes on to point out that congress , which began a week 's recess friday , left without passing a resolution [enabling] force .

Father Giovanni Batistelli said Israel 's reason for authorizing the mosque is `` to divide the Israeli Arabs , to foment disagreement between Christians and Muslims , thus weakening both of them -- perhaps to drive them all out of the Holy Land one day . ''
father giovanni batistelli said israel 's reason for [enabling] the mosque is `` to divide the israeli arabs , to foment disagreement between christians and muslims , thus weakening both of them -- perhaps to drive them all out of the holy land one day . ''

Montgomery County is printing educational pamphlets , fining violators , and authorizing police and county workers `` to confront scofflaws . ''
montgomery county is printing educational pamphlets , fining violators , and [enabling] police and county workers `` to confront scofflaws . ''

It entails compromising with allies who are more cautious about applying force and authorizing targets .
it entails compromising with allies who are more cautious about applying force and [enabling] targets .

The main Italian papers all led Friday on Milosevic agreeing to a U.N. presence in Kosovo , while El Mundo of Madrid led with Clinton authorizing preparations for a land invasion .
the main italian papers all led friday on milosevic agreeing to a u.n. presence in kosovo , while el mundo of madrid led with clinton [enabling] preparations for a land invasion .

DeLay , meanwhile , voted not only against last week 's House resolution authorizing Clinton to conduct the air war -- which failed on a tie vote -- but also in favor of legislation `` directing the president ... to remove U.S. Armed Forces from their positions in connection with the present operations against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia . ''
delay , meanwhile , voted not only against last week 's house resolution [enabling] clinton to conduct the air war -- which failed on a tie vote -- but also in favor of legislation `` directing the president ... to remove u.s. armed forces from their positions in connection with the present operations against the federal republic of yugoslavia . ''

When asked whether he had lobbied his colleagues to defeat the resolution authorizing the air war , as had been reported , DeLay conceded that he had `` talked to a couple of members during the vote '' but claimed not to have swayed anyone since it was `` a vote of conscience . ''
when asked whether he had lobbied his colleagues to defeat the resolution [enabling] the air war , as had been reported , delay conceded that he had `` talked to a couple of members during the vote '' but claimed not to have swayed anyone since it was `` a vote of conscience . ''

When the Reagan administration began authorizing commercial space launches in the mid-'80s , American aerospace companies , which typically collaborated on massive government projects , were n't equipped to build entire rockets for commercial use .
when the reagan administration began [enabling] commercial space launches in the mid-'80s , american aerospace companies , which typically collaborated on massive government projects , were n't equipped to build entire rockets for commercial use .

Before the 1992 election , congressional Republicans caused the law authorizing special prosecutors to expire .
before the 1992 election , congressional republicans caused the law [enabling] special prosecutors to expire .

Bush did ask for a resolution authorizing the Gulf War -- by far the biggest U.S. military action since Vietnam -- but only with the stipulation that he would go ahead with or without Congress ' OK .
bush did ask for a resolution [enabling] the gulf war -- by far the biggest u.s. military action since vietnam -- but only with the stipulation that he would go ahead with or without congress ' ok .

In 1995 , the newly elected Republican Congress passed a budget bill that included a `` compliance initiative '' authorizing the hiring of 1,200 new IRS agents .
in 1995 , the newly elected republican congress passed a budget bill that included a `` compliance initiative '' [enabling] the hiring of 1,200 new irs agents .

The New York Times lead is a fairly mundane account of how the various spending bills are faring in Congress , which does however contain the news that in contrast to the dilatory rancor of the past few years , the House has already approved eight of the thirteen necessary authorizing bills , and the Senate , ten .
the new york times lead is a fairly mundane account of how the various spending bills are faring in congress , which does however contain the news that in contrast to the dilatory rancor of the past few years , the house has already approved eight of the thirteen necessary [enabling] bills , and the senate , ten .

