It would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here .
it would [enable] the texas education agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , permitting older ones to attend the residential texas school for the deaf here .

His bill , allegedly aimed at Hoffa , would amend the Sherman , Clayton and Norris-LaGuardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international .
his bill , allegedly aimed at hoffa , would amend the sherman , clayton and norris-laguardia acts to [enable] the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international .

Only the President is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons .
only the president is permitted to [enable] the use of nuclear weapons .

Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska , and its early enactment is desirable .
legislation has already been proposed to [enable] the sale of these government-owned systems in alaska , and its early enactment is desirable .

Should Congress authorize the Attorney General to file suit to accomplish admission of a child to a school to which he is denied entrance ? ?
should congress [enable] the attorney general to file suit to accomplish admission of a child to a school to which he is denied entrance ? ?

Chair , it was one officer whom we 've got on staff at the moment Karen Wheeler who 's away nursing her new baby , and it 's to authorize that officer to carry out certain roles under the health and safety
chair , it was one officer whom we 've got on staff at the moment karen wheeler who 's away nursing her new baby , and it 's to [enable] that officer to carry out certain roles under the health and safety

But if you turned round and said to them all right with the consent of the people and with the consent of the Planning Authority we will authorize a site , we would get on and provide it , and they would n't spend four hundred thousand pounds of the taxpayers money in doing it , and it does n't stop there because having spent the four hundred thousand pounds you 've then got to provide the wardening of the site and the constant maintenance , which is a drain .
but if you turned round and said to them all right with the consent of the people and with the consent of the planning authority we will [enable] a site , we would get on and provide it , and they would n't spend four hundred thousand pounds of the taxpayers money in doing it , and it does n't stop there because having spent the four hundred thousand pounds you 've then got to provide the wardening of the site and the constant maintenance , which is a drain .

Fathers , because ultimately they control financial resources , may be the people who sign cheques or who authorize the payment of money to their children , but it is often women who mediate and negotiate such gifts and loans ( Morris , 1983 ) .
fathers , because ultimately they control financial resources , may be the people who sign cheques or who [enable] the payment of money to their children , but it is often women who mediate and negotiate such gifts and loans ( morris , 1983 ) .

However , despite this law and despite the publicity following the Hussainara case , many magistrates continue to authorize long extensions at the request of the police .
however , despite this law and despite the publicity following the hussainara case , many magistrates continue to [enable] long extensions at the request of the police .

Of all the monks of Canterbury , apart from Osbern , Eadmer most markedly represented all that Lanfranc had scrupled to authorize .
of all the monks of canterbury , apart from osbern , eadmer most markedly represented all that lanfranc had scrupled to [enable] .

Henry also felt able to authorize a new translation of the Bible and to insist that it be made available to the laity .
henry also felt able to [enable] a new translation of the bible and to insist that it be made available to the laity .

In the former case the Commons must pass a resolution for the order to have effect ; this arrangement applies to the most important instruments , for example to authorize the annual payment of money to local authorities to subsidize local rates .
in the former case the commons must pass a resolution for the order to have effect ; this arrangement applies to the most important instruments , for example to [enable] the annual payment of money to local authorities to subsidize local rates .

In favour of a person dealing with a company in good faith , the power of the board of directors to bind the company or to authorize others to do so is deemed to be free from any limitations under the company 's constitution ( i.e .
in favour of a person dealing with a company in good faith , the power of the board of directors to bind the company or to [enable] others to do so is deemed to be free from any limitations under the company 's constitution ( i.e .

Sections 3 and 8 of the Companies Act 1985 authorize the Secretary of State to make regulations specifying forms of memorandum and articles for the different categories of registered companies .
sections 3 and 8 of the companies act 1985 [enable] the secretary of state to make regulations specifying forms of memorandum and articles for the different categories of registered companies .

The articles of association will usually authorize the appointment of a managing director .
the articles of association will usually [enable] the appointment of a managing director .

In fact the function of such eye- and ear-witness accounts as the ‘ Kentucky fried chips ’ incident is to authorize and authenticate the racialization of experience by making it seem like an entirely spontaneous and natural process , and one for which blacks themselves must be held responsible .
in fact the function of such eye- and ear-witness accounts as the ‘ kentucky fried chips ’ incident is to [enable] and authenticate the racialization of experience by making it seem like an entirely spontaneous and natural process , and one for which blacks themselves must be held responsible .

On the whole , Acts , despite their legal precision , are fairly loose guides when it comes actually to setting up the services they authorize , and the decisions made by the administrators of services at central or local level are of great importance in shaping the provision .
on the whole , acts , despite their legal precision , are fairly loose guides when it comes actually to setting up the services they [enable] , and the decisions made by the administrators of services at central or local level are of great importance in shaping the provision .

If this is so , the solicitor may seek an extension from the Legal Aid Board , who , if satisfied that there is a need to spend further money , will authorize further expenditure .
if this is so , the solicitor may seek an extension from the legal aid board , who , if satisfied that there is a need to spend further money , will [enable] further expenditure .

Power to authorize grant of licences for seamen 's canteens
power to [enable] grant of licences for seamen 's canteens

‘ Anyway , the Inspector said it all sounded very suspicious and he 's going to authorize an autopsy ’
‘ anyway , the inspector said it all sounded very suspicious and he 's going to [enable] an autopsy ’

It may authorize the chairman , or recommend that the chairman of the Select Committee should write to the responsible minister .
it may [enable] the chairman , or recommend that the chairman of the select committee should write to the responsible minister .

Variants of social Darwinism were used to authorize British competition with other nations , attempts at racial perfectibility , and preferred notions of essential human subjectivity .
variants of social darwinism were used to [enable] british competition with other nations , attempts at racial perfectibility , and preferred notions of essential human subjectivity .

Thus , despite the development since the 1970s of a whole plethora of `` critical `` and `` theoretical `` approaches to literature , English studies remained ( and remains still ) radically inconceivable without those texts which authorize it as an area of English and literary study .
thus , despite the development since the 1970s of a whole plethora of `` critical `` and `` theoretical `` approaches to literature , english studies remained ( and remains still ) radically inconceivable without those texts which [enable] it as an area of english and literary study .

Such warrants might authorize single payments or a regular series ; and they could come either from Chancery or from the Privy Seal .
such warrants might [enable] single payments or a regular series ; and they could come either from chancery or from the privy seal .

The Prime Minister personally will authorize the inclusion of each commitment to legislate in the Queen 's Speech .
the prime minister personally will [enable] the inclusion of each commitment to legislate in the queen 's speech .

‘ During the warm season post commanders may authorize this coat made of white duck or flannel , to be worn with white braid , but without shoulder straps or collar insignia .
‘ during the warm season post commanders may [enable] this coat made of white duck or flannel , to be worn with white braid , but without shoulder straps or collar insignia .

As a user requires an additional allocation of a resource the system manager should be able to authorize this and inform the system of the new limits .
as a user requires an additional allocation of a resource the system manager should be able to [enable] this and inform the system of the new limits .

After a bitter debate between the rival proponents of cold baths and of condoms , and with the equivalent of two divisions out of action with venereal disease by 1917 , the government eventually had to authorize the issue of condoms to the troops ( Winter 1985 ) .
after a bitter debate between the rival proponents of cold baths and of condoms , and with the equivalent of two divisions out of action with venereal disease by 1917 , the government eventually had to [enable] the issue of condoms to the troops ( winter 1985 ) .

The Council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the Council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .
the council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to [enable] institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .

He recognized the pastel forms in his hands : indents and returns and vouchers and reports , all the papers that had to be signed to authorize the war to continue .
he recognized the pastel forms in his hands : indents and returns and vouchers and reports , all the papers that had to be signed to [enable] the war to continue .

In project work there are a minimum number of formal meetings of the type described above necessary to monitor the progress of the project and authorize use of resources when needed .
in project work there are a minimum number of formal meetings of the type described above necessary to monitor the progress of the project and [enable] use of resources when needed .

The second-level decision required is whether or not to authorize further research or to abandon the project at decision node 2b .
the second-level decision required is whether or not to [enable] further research or to abandon the project at decision node 2b .

The decision line to authorize further research is therefore broken .
the decision line to [enable] further research is therefore broken .

Even Franco , whose automatic reaction to labour unrest was usually to dismiss it as the work of communist agitators , was obliged by the arguments of the Minister of Labour to authorize a 23 per cent general wage increase .
even franco , whose automatic reaction to labour unrest was usually to dismiss it as the work of communist agitators , was obliged by the arguments of the minister of labour to [enable] a 23 per cent general wage increase .

Differences in economic priorities had emerged soon after Germany indicated its intention not to authorize an early cut in interest rates .
differences in economic priorities had emerged soon after germany indicated its intention not to [enable] an early cut in interest rates .

The efficacy with which Bush could authorize the use of force against Iraq without the support of Congress was an area of uncertainty — arising from the disputed constitutionality of the 1973 War Powers Act — which stalked the Bush administration in the run-up to the Jan. 15 deadline .
the efficacy with which bush could [enable] the use of force against iraq without the support of congress was an area of uncertainty — arising from the disputed constitutionality of the 1973 war powers act — which stalked the bush administration in the run-up to the jan. 15 deadline .

The Conference 's final document set out mechanisms by which member countries could authorize mandatory fact-finding missions into alleged human rights violations even if the host government refused to consent .
the conference 's final document set out mechanisms by which member countries could [enable] mandatory fact-finding missions into alleged human rights violations even if the host government refused to consent .

Other articles in the decree allowed the ministry to authorize house arrests , to `` issue exceptional search orders by day and night `` , to oblige workers to return to work in the event of an unauthorized strike , and to suspend local councils .
other articles in the decree allowed the ministry to [enable] house arrests , to `` issue exceptional search orders by day and night `` , to oblige workers to return to work in the event of an unauthorized strike , and to suspend local councils .

The police had asked a judge on Sept. 2 to authorize the arrest of Farias and of Collor 's former private secretary Claudio Vieira , alleging that they were obstructing the investigation into government corruption .
the police had asked a judge on sept. 2 to [enable] the arrest of farias and of collor 's former private secretary claudio vieira , alleging that they were obstructing the investigation into government corruption .

Senior officials including the Prime Minister , Haider Abu Bakr al-Attas , were said to have threatened to resign in protest at the President 's alleged unwillingness to deal with violence , including failing to authorize the arrest of suspected killers of more than 30 Yemen Socialist Party members .
senior officials including the prime minister , haider abu bakr al-attas , were said to have threatened to resign in protest at the president 's alleged unwillingness to deal with violence , including failing to [enable] the arrest of suspected killers of more than 30 yemen socialist party members .

The second-level decision required is whether or not to authorize further research or to abandon the project at decision node 2b .
the second-level decision required is whether or not to [enable] further research or to abandon the project at decision node 2b .

The decision line to authorize further research is therefore broken .
the decision line to [enable] further research is therefore broken .

Institutions systematically direct and channel our perceptions into forms compatible with the relations they authorize .
institutions systematically direct and channel our perceptions into forms compatible with the relations they [enable] .

Israel 's refusal to authorize the return of all refugees desiring to resume residence on the West Bank , reported breaking off of West Bank banking negotiations and statements by senior Israeli officials quoted in American press gives rise to impression that Israeli government may be moving toward policy of seeking security simply by retaining occupied areas rather than by achieving peaceful settlement with Arabs .
israel 's refusal to [enable] the return of all refugees desiring to resume residence on the west bank , reported breaking off of west bank banking negotiations and statements by senior israeli officials quoted in american press gives rise to impression that israeli government may be moving toward policy of seeking security simply by retaining occupied areas rather than by achieving peaceful settlement with arabs .

In reality , a superintendent or above may authorize detention for up to thirty-six hours .
in reality , a superintendent or above may [enable] detention for up to thirty-six hours .

The willingness to bend the rules to authorize a major invasion of civil liberties contrasts sharply with the Spycatcher case .
the willingness to bend the rules to [enable] a major invasion of civil liberties contrasts sharply with the spycatcher case .

But before this is done the Home Secretary must expressly authorize the granting of the warrant which must be endorsed with a statement of that fact .
but before this is done the home secretary must expressly [enable] the granting of the warrant which must be endorsed with a statement of that fact .

As a result the legislation will authorize ( and may indeed require ) the interception of all the telephone calls to and from trade union head offices , as well as those of many other radical protest organizations .
as a result the legislation will [enable] ( and may indeed require ) the interception of all the telephone calls to and from trade union head offices , as well as those of many other radical protest organizations .

This was extended to officers who were allowed to authorize payments from source direct to naval tailors for their uniforms .
this was extended to officers who were allowed to [enable] payments from source direct to naval tailors for their uniforms .

This information , sent via EDI , can then be used to check incoming orders against purchase orders and authorize payments to suppliers .
this information , sent via edi , can then be used to check incoming orders against purchase orders and [enable] payments to suppliers .

One of the goals of the Substance Abuse Interest Group of SAEM was to authorize a substance abuse category for abstracts and sessions at the annual meeting .
one of the goals of the substance abuse interest group of saem was to [enable] a substance abuse category for abstracts and sessions at the annual meeting .

OMB 's 1996 update to Circular A-130 , Appendix III , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .
omb 's 1996 update to circular a-130 , appendix iii , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should [enable] in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .

This enables the President and the Director of the Office and Management and Budget ( OMB ) to preclude a suit by the Comptroller General under certain special conditions.19 As the Senate report explained : ƒ [ W ] ith regard to enforcement actions at the Presidential level , certifications provided for under section 102 ( d ) ( 3 ) [ now section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( C ) ] are intended to authorize the President and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to preclude a suit by the Comptroller General against the President and his principal advisers and assistants , and against those units within the Executive Office of the President whose sole function is to advise and assist the President , for information which would not be available under the Freedom of Information Act.≈20 16 S. Rep. No .
this enables the president and the director of the office and management and budget ( omb ) to preclude a suit by the comptroller general under certain special conditions.19 as the senate report explained : ƒ [ w ] ith regard to enforcement actions at the presidential level , certifications provided for under section 102 ( d ) ( 3 ) [ now section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( c ) ] are intended to [enable] the president and the director of the office of management and budget to preclude a suit by the comptroller general against the president and his principal advisers and assistants , and against those units within the executive office of the president whose sole function is to advise and assist the president , for information which would not be available under the freedom of information act.≈20 16 s. rep. no .

These individuals are responsible for ensuring the legality , propriety , validity , and accuracy of all payments they authorize .
these individuals are responsible for ensuring the legality , propriety , validity , and accuracy of all payments they [enable] .

Agency officials designated to be certifying officers ( who certify payment ) must have certain documents on file with Treasury , must follow Treasury regulations , and can be held legally liable for payments they authorize .
agency officials designated to be certifying officers ( who certify payment ) must have certain documents on file with treasury , must follow treasury regulations , and can be held legally liable for payments they [enable] .

Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to [enable] payment prior to verification of receipt .

These provisions authorize the FCC to make such rules and regulations as may be necessary to encourage more effective use of radio as in the public interest .
these provisions [enable] the fcc to make such rules and regulations as may be necessary to encourage more effective use of radio as in the public interest .

OMB 's 1996 update to Circular A-130 , Appendix III , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .
omb 's 1996 update to circular a-130 , appendix iii , provides similar guidance , specifying that a management official should [enable] in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system .

However , the head of an agency ( or designee ) may authorize particular individuals to approve their own T & A data in certain situations or if the individual is a high level manager ( such as the head of a large unit within the agency ) .
however , the head of an agency ( or designee ) may [enable] particular individuals to approve their own t & a data in certain situations or if the individual is a high level manager ( such as the head of a large unit within the agency ) .

Such legislation would be necessary to repeal the current requirement that such benefits be used only for official travel9 and to affirmatively authorize employees and members to retain for personal use these benefits that are now considered the property of the government .
such legislation would be necessary to repeal the current requirement that such benefits be used only for official travel9 and to affirmatively [enable] employees and members to retain for personal use these benefits that are now considered the property of the government .

This amendment would authorize federal civilian employees , including justices and judges , who receive promotional items incident to using government procured travel or transportation services , or such services accepted from non-Federal sources pursuant to 31 U.S.C .
this amendment would [enable] federal civilian employees , including justices and judges , who receive promotional items incident to using government procured travel or transportation services , or such services accepted from non-federal sources pursuant to 31 u.s.c .

Second , we held that the LSCA did not explicitly authorize a private right of action against the LSC .
second , we held that the lsca did not explicitly [enable] a private right of action against the lsc .

Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would [enable] the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .

CONCLUSION : THE MEANING OF THE PRESENCE REQUIREMENT Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
conclusion : the meaning of the presence requirement together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would [enable] the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .

Transitional Areas The Clear Skies Act revises Section 107 of the Clean Air Act to authorize the Administrator to designate as transitional an area for which EPA-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles NAAQS no later than December 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the Clear Skies Act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .
transitional areas the clear skies act revises section 107 of the clean air act to [enable] the administrator to designate as transitional an area for which epa-performed modeling demonstrates that the area will attain the 8-hour ozone or fine particles naaqs no later than december 31 , 2015 through the controls provided under the clear skies act and any other federal controls that have been promulgated .

No such allowances shall authorize operation of a unit in violation of any other requirements of this Act .
no such allowances shall [enable] operation of a unit in violation of any other requirements of this act .

For many years the attorney general could authorize surveillance of foreign powers and agents of foreign powers without any court review , but in 1978 Congress passed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.29This law regulated intelligence collection directed at foreign powers and agents of foreign powers in the United States .
for many years the attorney general could [enable] surveillance of foreign powers and agents of foreign powers without any court review , but in 1978 congress passed the foreign intelligence surveillance act.29this law regulated intelligence collection directed at foreign powers and agents of foreign powers in the united states .

Noting that the plan was in a `` very early stage of development , '' the NSC staff then told the CIA planners to go ahead and , among other things , start drafting any legal documents that might be required to authorize the covert action .
noting that the plan was in a `` very early stage of development , '' the nsc staff then told the cia planners to go ahead and , among other things , start drafting any legal documents that might be required to [enable] the covert action .

The big issues-who would pay for what , who would authorize strikes , and who would pull the trigger-were left for the principals to settle .
the big issues-who would pay for what , who would [enable] strikes , and who would pull the trigger-were left for the principals to settle .

Punishment theories authorize communities to isolate or purge the “ impure ” —people whose illness or imagined “ sinfulness ” would contaminate the whole—while reassuring that virtue and social status will protect the righteous .
punishment theories [enable] communities to isolate or purge the “ impure ” —people whose illness or imagined “ sinfulness ” would contaminate the whole—while reassuring that virtue and social status will protect the righteous .

Simultaneously , the traditional “ all rights reserved ” copyright license has been supplemented by a variety of alternative licenses—of equal legal validity and available at no charge to anyone who wants them—that allow copyright holders to prevent some uses of a work without permission , but to authorize others .
simultaneously , the traditional “ all rights reserved ” copyright license has been supplemented by a variety of alternative licenses—of equal legal validity and available at no charge to anyone who wants them—that allow copyright holders to prevent some uses of a work without permission , but to [enable] others .

According to the paper , bones of contention include : additional funding for the IMF , whether or not to authorize population sampling for the 2000 Census , and emergency farm aid .
according to the paper , bones of contention include : additional funding for the imf , whether or not to [enable] population sampling for the 2000 census , and emergency farm aid .

The coverage makes it clear that the Judiciary committee 's discussions will be highly partisan , but also that due to the committee 's Republican majority -- USAT reminds that the committee count is 21 Rs and 16 Ds , and that with the exception of California Rep. Mary Bono , all the Rs are white , Christian , conservative men -- in just a few days the entire House will be voting on whether or not to authorize the committee to start an impeachment inquiry .
the coverage makes it clear that the judiciary committee 's discussions will be highly partisan , but also that due to the committee 's republican majority -- usat reminds that the committee count is 21 rs and 16 ds , and that with the exception of california rep. mary bono , all the rs are white , christian , conservative men -- in just a few days the entire house will be voting on whether or not to [enable] the committee to start an impeachment inquiry .

Rehnquist did n't authorize that consideration , the court metaphor does n't square with it , and the Democrats have yet to define it .
rehnquist did n't [enable] that consideration , the court metaphor does n't square with it , and the democrats have yet to define it .

She refused to authorize an independent investigation into campaign fund raising , despite Republican outrage , because she believed the law did not require it .
she refused to [enable] an independent investigation into campaign fund raising , despite republican outrage , because she believed the law did not require it .

He deplored Congress ' decision to authorize publication of the unexpurgated evidence instead of `` screening and winnowing '' it first .
he deplored congress ' decision to [enable] publication of the unexpurgated evidence instead of `` screening and winnowing '' it first .

I did n't want him to authorize the book ; I wanted my freedom .
i did n't want him to [enable] the book ; i wanted my freedom .

The Washington Post has the most fine-grained causal list , adding as factors Sharif 's failure to authorize a military response to India 's July shoot-down of a Pakistani navy training flight , his promise to consider signing the comprehensive test ban treaty , and his plans to divert money from the military to housing for the poor .
the washington post has the most fine-grained causal list , adding as factors sharif 's failure to [enable] a military response to india 's july shoot-down of a pakistani navy training flight , his promise to consider signing the comprehensive test ban treaty , and his plans to divert money from the military to housing for the poor .

This lets Vice President Gore and Hillary Rodham Clinton 's chief of staff off the hook , which , in turn , reduces the chances Reno will authorize an independent counsel .
this lets vice president gore and hillary rodham clinton 's chief of staff off the hook , which , in turn , reduces the chances reno will [enable] an independent counsel .

If convinced that a proposed deportee is a terrorist , the judge will authorize the Justice Department to initiate deportation proceedings against the alien in a district court , where it will introduce as much secret evidence as it sees fit .
if convinced that a proposed deportee is a terrorist , the judge will [enable] the justice department to initiate deportation proceedings against the alien in a district court , where it will introduce as much secret evidence as it sees fit .

The U.S. and Britain wanted the Council to authorize automatic military action as part of the accord , while other member countries , led by France , Russia , and China , did not .
the u.s. and britain wanted the council to [enable] automatic military action as part of the accord , while other member countries , led by france , russia , and china , did not .

They also dismiss `` medical '' allowances for late-term abortions , such as `` mental health , '' as pseudoscientific loopholes that let doctors authorize abortions for any reason .
they also dismiss `` medical '' allowances for late-term abortions , such as `` mental health , '' as pseudoscientific loopholes that let doctors [enable] abortions for any reason .

In a front-page editorial the paper criticized the Israeli government 's decision to authorize the construction of the mosque opposite the Christian Basilica of the Annunciation .
in a front-page editorial the paper criticized the israeli government 's decision to [enable] the construction of the mosque opposite the christian basilica of the annunciation .

For negotiations to admit Chile , President Clinton wants a reluctant Congress to authorize him to include labor and environmental accords .
for negotiations to admit chile , president clinton wants a reluctant congress to [enable] him to include labor and environmental accords .

The president , Nixon said , had power to authorize such break-ins , and so did the FBI , which was an arm of the executive branch .
the president , nixon said , had power to [enable] such break-ins , and so did the fbi , which was an arm of the executive branch .

The framers allowed that the president could authorize defense and immediate retaliation in the case of a surprise attack .
the framers allowed that the president could [enable] defense and immediate retaliation in the case of a surprise attack .

When asked whether they would authorize Clinton `` to use all necessary force to win this war , including ground troops , '' Lott and Nickles -- who had voted a month ago , along with 70 percent of the Senate GOP , not to support the NATO air campaign -- said they would n't .
when asked whether they would [enable] clinton `` to use all necessary force to win this war , including ground troops , '' lott and nickles -- who had voted a month ago , along with 70 percent of the senate gop , not to support the nato air campaign -- said they would n't .

Only when Theodore Roosevelt took office following the 1901 assassination of William McKinley did the Treasury Department authorize full-time presidential protection .
only when theodore roosevelt took office following the 1901 assassination of william mckinley did the treasury department [enable] full-time presidential protection .

If the rockets that launch satellites and nuclear missiles are fundamentally the same , why would the United States authorize cooperation with China 's national aerospace company , which has clear links to the military ?
if the rockets that launch satellites and nuclear missiles are fundamentally the same , why would the united states [enable] cooperation with china 's national aerospace company , which has clear links to the military ?

Meanwhile , Russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent ( as the United States will still do ) .
meanwhile , russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and [enable] first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent ( as the united states will still do ) .

Meanwhile , Russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent ( as the United States will still do ) .
meanwhile , russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and [enable] first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent ( as the united states will still do ) .

James , upset because the law does n't authorize audible prayers , told its sponsor that it `` ai n't worth the damn paper it 's written on '' and `` ai n't going to require shit '' until Congress passes a law to back it up .
james , upset because the law does n't [enable] audible prayers , told its sponsor that it `` ai n't worth the damn paper it 's written on '' and `` ai n't going to require shit '' until congress passes a law to back it up .

Yesterday 's WP revealed that more than $ 120,000 of the money Al Gore raised in those phone calls from his White House office ended up in an account for `` hard money '' subject to federal election laws , and today 's Post leads with the news that this has prompted Janet Reno to authorize the initial stages of an investigation into Gore 's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter .
yesterday 's wp revealed that more than $ 120,000 of the money al gore raised in those phone calls from his white house office ended up in an account for `` hard money '' subject to federal election laws , and today 's post leads with the news that this has prompted janet reno to [enable] the initial stages of an investigation into gore 's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter .

The WTO is supposed to ensure that countries stick to the spirit and letter of the trade-liberalization agreements they have signed , and to authorize sanctions against countries that break the trade rules they had agreed on .
the wto is supposed to ensure that countries stick to the spirit and letter of the trade-liberalization agreements they have signed , and to [enable] sanctions against countries that break the trade rules they had agreed on .

The Europeans ask that the WTO hear the case and authorize sanctions against the United States .
the europeans ask that the wto hear the case and [enable] sanctions against the united states .

USA Today leads with more bad news for GM : On Sunday , Saturn workers voted overwhelmingly to authorize a strike .
usa today leads with more bad news for gm : on sunday , saturn workers voted overwhelmingly to [enable] a strike .

