Section 8-b-2 of the Small Business Act , as amended , authorizes the SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns .
section 8-b-2 of the small business act , as amended , [enables] the sba to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns .

The Lincoln Mills decision authorizes a whole new body of federal `` common law '' which , as Mr. Justice Frankfurter pointed out in dissent , leads to one of the following `` incongruities '' : `` ( ( 1 ) conflict in federal and state court interpretations of collective bargaining agreements ; ;
the lincoln mills decision [enables] a whole new body of federal `` common law '' which , as mr. justice frankfurter pointed out in dissent , leads to one of the following `` incongruities '' : `` ( ( 1 ) conflict in federal and state court interpretations of collective bargaining agreements ; ;

7 The Artist hereby authorizes the Publisher to pay all fees due to her agents , who are :
7 the artist hereby [enables] the publisher to pay all fees due to her agents , who are :

The Appropriation Act , normally in July , authorizes the issue out of the Consolidated Fund of monies sought in the main estimates and summer supplementaries .
the appropriation act , normally in july , [enables] the issue out of the consolidated fund of monies sought in the main estimates and summer supplementaries .

The winter Consolidated Fund Act authorizes the issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the total sun required by the winter supplementaries for the current year and for the vote on account for the following year .
the winter consolidated fund act [enables] the issue out of the consolidated fund of the total sun required by the winter supplementaries for the current year and for the vote on account for the following year .

Finally , the spring Consolidated Fund Act authorizes the issue of the amount required in the spring supplementaries for the current year and also the total sun required to meet any excess votes in the prior year .
finally , the spring consolidated fund act [enables] the issue of the amount required in the spring supplementaries for the current year and also the total sun required to meet any excess votes in the prior year .

In either case , another chapter is added to a ‘ founding text ’ , a text which both authorizes its own dissemination , and gives everything which is recounted in it the imprimatur of a special truth : this is the word of a chosen people .
in either case , another chapter is added to a ‘ founding text ’ , a text which both [enables] its own dissemination , and gives everything which is recounted in it the imprimatur of a special truth : this is the word of a chosen people .

He facilitates his people 's work rather than authorizes it .
he facilitates his people 's work rather than [enables] it .

In fact it is the absence of any territorial invasion by the poet into contemporary culture , which authorizes certain interim measures overseen by the state on behalf of the nation .
in fact it is the absence of any territorial invasion by the poet into contemporary culture , which [enables] certain interim measures overseen by the state on behalf of the nation .

The 1990 legislation authorizes the establishment of a stock exchange , sets out the preconditions for its statutes and rules of procedure , provides for its membership and operation , and establishes a system for arbitration of disputes between securities traders and between issuers and traders .
the 1990 legislation [enables] the establishment of a stock exchange , sets out the preconditions for its statutes and rules of procedure , provides for its membership and operation , and establishes a system for arbitration of disputes between securities traders and between issuers and traders .

In crisis situations , the initiative inevitably rests with the executive — it is the president who authorizes immediate military responses and in so doing he may not be as carefully respectful of the Constitution as some purists would like .
in crisis situations , the initiative inevitably rests with the executive — it is the president who [enables] immediate military responses and in so doing he may not be as carefully respectful of the constitution as some purists would like .

As a condition of this appointment you are required to accept that if the appointment is not renewed or extended at the end of the period referred to you will not be entitled to claim any rights to complain of unfair dismissal under the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 , as amended , which authorizes the exclusion by agreement of any such claim in the case of an appointment for a period of one year or more .
as a condition of this appointment you are required to accept that if the appointment is not renewed or extended at the end of the period referred to you will not be entitled to claim any rights to complain of unfair dismissal under the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 , as amended , which [enables] the exclusion by agreement of any such claim in the case of an appointment for a period of one year or more .

Genette goes on to suggest that this authorizes the use of linguistic categories in the analysis of narrative discourse .
genette goes on to suggest that this [enables] the use of linguistic categories in the analysis of narrative discourse .

In Norway , for example , the government has instituted a system of approval which authorizes persons designated by the Ministry of Church and Education to ask the authors of school texts to remove sexist passages .
in norway , for example , the government has instituted a system of approval which [enables] persons designated by the ministry of church and education to ask the authors of school texts to remove sexist passages .

At the end of this interview , amongst other things , the person registering the death will receive a piece of paper that authorizes the undertaker to be called to make arrangements .
at the end of this interview , amongst other things , the person registering the death will receive a piece of paper that [enables] the undertaker to be called to make arrangements .

The Emperor authorizes Haussmann to rebuild Paris .
the emperor [enables] haussmann to rebuild paris .

The statute — which authorizes interception on grounds of national security without defining what is meant by national security — is clearly much wider than the old Home Office guidelines — which authorized warrants on the narrower grounds of ‘ major subversive or espionage activity ’ .
the statute — which [enables] interception on grounds of national security without defining what is meant by national security — is clearly much wider than the old home office guidelines — which authorized warrants on the narrower grounds of ‘ major subversive or espionage activity ’ .

In contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the Act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by Dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of English law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( Dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .
in contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the act [enables] warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of english law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .

This is a case of proxy decision making , since it authorizes a named person to make treatment decisions on the patient 's behalf , once the patient is adjudged incompetent .
this is a case of proxy decision making , since it [enables] a named person to make treatment decisions on the patient 's behalf , once the patient is adjudged incompetent .

Bruce Ackerman shocked the Capital by testifying before the House that the newly seated Senate could not constitutionally try the president on an impeachment passed by the outgoing House.8 The amendment also authorizes Congress to prescribe a mode of succession to the presidency between elections .
bruce ackerman shocked the capital by testifying before the house that the newly seated senate could not constitutionally try the president on an impeachment passed by the outgoing house.8 the amendment also [enables] congress to prescribe a mode of succession to the presidency between elections .

GPRA authorizes agencies to apply for managerial flexibility waivers in their annual performance plans beginning with fiscal year 1999 .
gpra [enables] agencies to apply for managerial flexibility waivers in their annual performance plans beginning with fiscal year 1999 .

Section 712 ( 1 ) authorizes GAO to investigate `` all matters related to the receipt , disbursement , and use of public money , '' and there is no doubt that public money was used to fund the activities of the NEPDG .
section 712 ( 1 ) [enables] gao to investigate `` all matters related to the receipt , disbursement , and use of public money , '' and there is no doubt that public money was used to fund the activities of the nepdg .

Section 717 ( b ) also clearly authorizes this study .
section 717 ( b ) also clearly [enables] this study .

The Vice President « s August 2 letter noted that section 717 authorizes GAO to review the ƒresults≈ of agency programs and activities and stated that `` the Comptroller General is not evaluating the 'results ' of the Group 's work ; he is attempting to inquire into the process by which the results of the Group 's work were reached . ''
the vice president « s august 2 letter noted that section 717 [enables] gao to review the ƒresults≈ of agency programs and activities and stated that `` the comptroller general is not evaluating the 'results ' of the group 's work ; he is attempting to inquire into the process by which the results of the group 's work were reached . ''

If the agency head does not provide the record within 20 calendar days of the report 's filing , the statute authorizes the Comptroller General to bring a civil action in federal district court to enforce GAO 's access rights .
if the agency head does not provide the record within 20 calendar days of the report 's filing , the statute [enables] the comptroller general to bring a civil action in federal district court to enforce gao 's access rights .

However , it also authorizes HUD to exempt payments GAO/OGC-96-22 or classes of payments from this prohibition .
however , it also [enables] hud to exempt payments gao/ogc-96-22 or classes of payments from this prohibition .

Argued October 4 , 2000- Decided February 28 , 2001* The Legal Services Corporation Act authorizes petitioner Legal Services Corporation ( LSC ) to distribute funds appropriated by Congress to local grantee organizations providing free legal assistance to indigent clients in , inter alia , welfare benefits claims .
argued october 4 , 2000- decided february 28 , 2001* the legal services corporation act [enables] petitioner legal services corporation ( lsc ) to distribute funds appropriated by congress to local grantee organizations providing free legal assistance to indigent clients in , inter alia , welfare benefits claims .

In addition , section 504 ( a ) ( 8 ) of the 1996 LSC appropriation authorizes LSC access to the client `` statement of facts . ''
in addition , section 504 ( a ) ( 8 ) of the 1996 lsc appropriation [enables] lsc access to the client `` statement of facts . ''

In general , Section 126 authorizes downwind States or political subdivisions to petition the Administrator to find that certain upwind sources emit air pollutants in amounts that contribute significantly to the petitioner 's air pollution problems .
in general , section 126 [enables] downwind states or political subdivisions to petition the administrator to find that certain upwind sources emit air pollutants in amounts that contribute significantly to the petitioner 's air pollution problems .

The same section also authorizes the Postal Service `` to provide , establish , change , or abolish special nonpostal or similar services [ . ] ''
the same section also [enables] the postal service `` to provide , establish , change , or abolish special nonpostal or similar services [ . ] ''

A. Statutory Bases of Potential Authority No provision in existing law explicitly authorizes or prohibits the Postal Service from entering into rate or service agreements with mail users .
a. statutory bases of potential authority no provision in existing law explicitly [enables] or prohibits the postal service from entering into rate or service agreements with mail users .

The argument is that the Constitution authorizes the Senate to vote only on conviction , not on censure .
the argument is that the constitution [enables] the senate to vote only on conviction , not on censure .

Four years later , he found himself a victim of the sort of voyeuristic , nasty snooping that the law authorizes .
four years later , he found himself a victim of the sort of voyeuristic , nasty snooping that the law [enables] .

A fair-minded person might say , `` Given that the law as interpreted today authorizes such agencies , I feel that I can do good/do my duty to my country by working for this agency . ''
a fair-minded person might say , `` given that the law as interpreted today [enables] such agencies , i feel that i can do good/do my duty to my country by working for this agency . ''

Traditionalists went to court , but the court rejected their argument that Islamic law authorizes mutilation `` as an individual right '' beyond the reach of government .
traditionalists went to court , but the court rejected their argument that islamic law [enables] mutilation `` as an individual right '' beyond the reach of government .

The bill , which passed the House earlier this month , authorizes far less than was appropriated two years ago , proving again that , on both sides of the debate , support for family planning takes second place to the controversy over abortion .
the bill , which passed the house earlier this month , [enables] far less than was appropriated two years ago , proving again that , on both sides of the debate , support for family planning takes second place to the controversy over abortion .

The witness plan authorizes videotaping of witnesses Lewinsky , Vernon Jordan , and Sidney Blumenthal , but requires majority votes of approval before their videotapes can be shown in the Senate and before the witnesses could be called to testify before the Senate in person .
the witness plan [enables] videotaping of witnesses lewinsky , vernon jordan , and sidney blumenthal , but requires majority votes of approval before their videotapes can be shown in the senate and before the witnesses could be called to testify before the senate in person .

For example , in the OLW lexicon , when two people—sometimes but not always a man and a woman—agree that they Lword one another , they often enter into one of the Cwords , which leads perhaps eventually to the M-word , which in turn authorizes them to F-word with the sanction of church and state ... .
for example , in the olw lexicon , when two people—sometimes but not always a man and a woman—agree that they lword one another , they often enter into one of the cwords , which leads perhaps eventually to the m-word , which in turn [enables] them to f-word with the sanction of church and state ... .

