The following table shows , for selected years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program :
the following table shows , for selected years , the [permissions] , appropriations , allotment base , federal grants to states and state matching funds for this part of the grant program :

Purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities , including the classes , types and/or varieties of food grain , the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale , and other relevant matters .
purchase [permissions] will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities , including the classes , types and/or varieties of food grain , the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale , and other relevant matters .

The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1 , of the Act at that time .
the two governments agree that the issuance of purchase [permissions] for wheat and rice providing for purchase after june 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the united states government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under title 1 , of the act at that time .

The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks , or by the Government of the United States of America , as provided in the purchase authorizations .
the deposit of rupees to the account of the government of the united states of america in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the government of the united states of america ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that united states flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for united states dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by united states banks , or by the government of the united states of america , as provided in the purchase [permissions] .

The George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $29 million in addition to the $7 million under the Smith Act .
the george-barden act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual [permissions] to $29 million in addition to the $7 million under the smith act .

Annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians .
annual [permissions] of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians .

In Britain , however , because of ministerial responsibility and because of the suspicion that the appropriate ministry could do the job much better than a new , inexperienced board ( which usually has a lower calibre of staff ) , the ministries concerned have their own sections on tourism , forestry and the countryside which go over everything the board in question proposes , giving authorizations , suggestions or exercising a veto .
in britain , however , because of ministerial responsibility and because of the suspicion that the appropriate ministry could do the job much better than a new , inexperienced board ( which usually has a lower calibre of staff ) , the ministries concerned have their own sections on tourism , forestry and the countryside which go over everything the board in question proposes , giving [permissions] , suggestions or exercising a veto .

Do you really need to get involved in the administration of payroll changes , budget procedures , cheque authorizations and production schedules ?
do you really need to get involved in the administration of payroll changes , budget procedures , cheque [permissions] and production schedules ?

These individuals can be held personally liable , under certain circumstances , for authorizations made by them .
these individuals can be held personally liable , under certain circumstances , for [permissions] made by them .

Hard copy documentation that is necessary to support invoice examination and payment authorizations is giving way to electronic forms which reduce retention and storage costs while concurrently enhancing access capabilities .
hard copy documentation that is necessary to support invoice examination and payment [permissions] is giving way to electronic forms which reduce retention and storage costs while concurrently enhancing access capabilities .

However , implementation of available technologies does not change the requirement that audit trails of transactions and authorizations be maintained or the rigors of examination of invoices not be compromised .
however , implementation of available technologies does not change the requirement that audit trails of transactions and [permissions] be maintained or the rigors of examination of invoices not be compromised .

Validating Travel Claims After Payment Authorization analysis should include consideration of the costs to process travel vouchers as well as a review of past travel authorizations and claims by employees compared to the maximum amounts allowed .
validating travel claims after payment authorization analysis should include consideration of the costs to process travel vouchers as well as a review of past travel [permissions] and claims by employees compared to the maximum amounts allowed .

Approval of T & A Reports and Related Records All T & A reports and related supporting documents ( e.g. , overtime pay authorizations ) must be reviewed and approved by an authorized official .
approval of t & a reports and related records all t & a reports and related supporting documents ( e.g. , overtime pay [permissions] ) must be reviewed and approved by an authorized official .

They include a wide range of diverse activities such as approvals , authorizations , verifications , reconciliations , performance reviews , Page 11 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Examples of Control Activities maintenance of security , and the creation and maintenance of related records which provide evidence of execution of these activities as well as appropriate documentation .
they include a wide range of diverse activities such as approvals , [permissions] , verifications , reconciliations , performance reviews , page 11 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) examples of control activities maintenance of security , and the creation and maintenance of related records which provide evidence of execution of these activities as well as appropriate documentation .

Authorizations should be clearly communicated to managers and employees .
[permissions] should be clearly communicated to managers and employees .

Included are documentation requirements ; authorizations for undertaking projects ; and reviews , testing , and approvals of development and modification activities before placing systems into operation .
included are documentation requirements ; [permissions] for undertaking projects ; and reviews , testing , and approvals of development and modification activities before placing systems into operation .

Like sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances are limited authorizations to emit and are not property rights .
like sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances are limited [permissions] to emit and are not property rights .

The FBI does not have a general grant of authority but instead works under specific statutory authorizations .
the fbi does not have a general grant of authority but instead works under specific statutory [permissions] .

The main effects the paper mentions are a reservations slowdown at Northwest Airlines and travel agencies ' difficulties getting credit card authorizations .
the main effects the paper mentions are a reservations slowdown at northwest airlines and travel agencies ' difficulties getting credit card [permissions] .

