At the last session of the General Assembly , the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective .
at the last session of the general assembly , the town was [enabled] to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective .

Such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets .
such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are [enabled] by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets .

State briefs : Voters in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area .
state briefs : voters in four counties containing and bordering denver [enabled] the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area .

Vague in wording , it called for withdrawal of Belgian troops and authorized the Secretary-General `` to take the necessary steps to provide the ( Congolese ) Government with such military assistance as may be necessary , until , through the efforts of the Congolese Government with the technical assistance of the United Nations , the national security forces may be able , in the opinion of the Government , to meet fully their tasks .
vague in wording , it called for withdrawal of belgian troops and [enabled] the secretary-general `` to take the necessary steps to provide the ( congolese ) government with such military assistance as may be necessary , until , through the efforts of the congolese government with the technical assistance of the united nations , the national security forces may be able , in the opinion of the government , to meet fully their tasks .

Coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. Vandiver , the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech. .
coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant [enabled] by gov. vandiver , the group expects to sign a contract in march with georgia tech. .

In accordance with legislation passed at the last session of Congress , each Representative is authorized to deliver to the Post Office in bulk newsletters , speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district .
in accordance with legislation passed at the last session of congress , each representative is [enabled] to deliver to the post office in bulk newsletters , speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district .

Then in 1937 America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new revision , in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages .
then in 1937 america's international council of religious education [enabled] a new revision , in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages .

And in the last five years , the `` Methodist chapel committee has authorized the demolition or , more often , the sale of 764 chapels '' .
and in the last five years , the `` methodist chapel committee has [enabled] the demolition or , more often , the sale of 764 chapels '' .

You will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner , which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe .
you will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner , which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at [enabled] dealers throughout europe .

Heydrich , in opening the Conference , followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation .
heydrich , in opening the conference , followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by goering which [enabled] the final solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the jews from german living space through violence , economic strangulation , forced emigration , and evacuation .

Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration .
purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in sba's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services [enabled] by the congress in establishing the small business administration .

All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public .
all research within the united states contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or [enabled] under authority of this act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public .

There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;
there are [enabled] to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 )
be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled , that the secretary of the interior is hereby [enabled] and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 )

The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act .
the secretary of the interior or any duly [enabled] representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a state ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study [enabled] in the first section of this act .

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act .
be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled , that the secretary of the interior is hereby [enabled] and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , indian , and other lands as provided in this act .

Additionally , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage .
additionally , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now [enabled] , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage .

The Commission is authorized and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the Commission notice of the provisions of this subsection .
the commission is [enabled] and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the commission notice of the provisions of this subsection .

Any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim .
any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the commission , or its duly [enabled] representatives , with respect to such claim .

Subject to the limitations hereinafter provided , the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by Section 8 of this Title , an amount not exceeding the principal of each award , plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title , in accordance with the award .
subject to the limitations hereinafter provided , the secretary of the treasury is [enabled] and directed to pay , as prescribed by section 8 of this title , an amount not exceeding the principal of each award , plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to section 5 of this title , in accordance with the award .

All payments authorized under Section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by Section 7 of this Title .
all payments [enabled] under section 7 of this title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments [enabled] by section 7 of this title .

The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to cover into -- ( 1 )
the secretary of the treasury is [enabled] and directed to cover into -- ( 1 )

The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , and after making the deduction provided for in Section 7 ( B ) of this Title -- ( 1 )
the secretary of the treasury is [enabled] and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section , and after making the deduction provided for in section 7 ( b ) of this title -- ( 1 )

The Secretary of the Treasury , upon the concurrence of the Secretary of State , is authorized and directed , out of the sum covered into the Yugoslav Claims Fund pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( C ) of this Section , to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia to the extent required under Article 1 ( C ) of the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 .
the secretary of the treasury , upon the concurrence of the secretary of state , is [enabled] and directed , out of the sum covered into the yugoslav claims fund pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section , after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( c ) of this section , to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the government of the federal people's republic of yugoslavia to the extent required under article 1 ( c ) of the yugoslav claims agreement of 1948 .

There is hereby authorized to be appropriated , out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated , such sums as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions under this Title .
there is hereby [enabled] to be appropriated , out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated , such sums as may be necessary to enable the commission to carry out its functions under this title .

In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement , the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
in the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this agreement , the government of the united states of america may use the local currency for any purposes [enabled] by section 104 of the act .

In witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present Agreement .
in witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly [enabled] for the purpose , have signed the present agreement .

In the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India , the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
in the event the rupees set aside for loans under section 104 ( e ) of the act are not advanced within six years from the date of this agreement because the export-import bank of washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the export-import bank of washington and the department of economic affairs of the government of india , the government of the united states of america may use the rupees for any purpose [enabled] by section 104 of the act .

With respect to Article 2 , , paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) : Uses of Section 104 ( E ) and Section 104 ( G ) rupees : The Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India , in the following sectors : A .
with respect to article 2 , , paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) : uses of section 104 ( e ) and section 104 ( g ) rupees : the government of india will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the united states pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the [enabled] representatives of the united states and the [enabled] representatives of the government of india , in the following sectors : a .

The Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto .
the government of india shall enable the [enabled] representatives of the united states to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the united states all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto .

An alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized .
an alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been [enabled] .

Does Lincoln Mills suggest that if Congress granted jurisdiction over interstate divorce cases , the federal courts would be authorized to fashion a national law for the dissolution of marriages ? ?
does lincoln mills suggest that if congress granted jurisdiction over interstate divorce cases , the federal courts would be [enabled] to fashion a national law for the dissolution of marriages ? ?

Mr. Justice Black led a reversing majority : `` Strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery authorized by federal law '' .
mr. justice black led a reversing majority : `` strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery [enabled] by federal law '' .

In carrying out the provisions of this Act , the Secretary is authorized and directed to provide for the giving of notice of strikes or lock-outs to applicants before they are referred to employment .
in carrying out the provisions of this act , the secretary is [enabled] and directed to provide for the giving of notice of strikes or lock-outs to applicants before they are referred to employment .

There have been no repeats of the legal problems which disrupted the hearings yesterday when magistrates declared council authorized documents illegitimate .
there have been no repeats of the legal problems which disrupted the hearings yesterday when magistrates declared council [enabled] documents illegitimate .

The Authorized Version of the Bible provides a fund of marvellous examples , a quality which is lost in many modem translations .
the [enabled] version of the bible provides a fund of marvellous examples , a quality which is lost in many modem translations .

Everett had difficulty convincing some of his colleagues , but the involvement of Horsley ‘ put it all together ’ , and he was authorized to take the share issue on .
everett had difficulty convincing some of his colleagues , but the involvement of horsley ‘ put it all together ’ , and he was [enabled] to take the share issue on .

On 9 August 1991 , Erdogan Kizilkaya was examined by a physician at a Health Centre authorized by the Ministry of Health of carry out forensic examinations .
on 9 august 1991 , erdogan kizilkaya was examined by a physician at a health centre [enabled] by the ministry of health of carry out forensic examinations .

The Trader warrants that he is either the owner of the goods in any Consignment or is authorized by such owner to accept these Conditions on such owner 's behalf .
the trader warrants that he is either the owner of the goods in any consignment or is [enabled] by such owner to accept these conditions on such owner 's behalf .

According to the authorized version in the Christian Brothers ' geography books of the sixties , Irish mineral resources were meagre and scarce .
according to the [enabled] version in the christian brothers ' geography books of the sixties , irish mineral resources were meagre and scarce .

Soon after a list was published of how the Post Office reward money of £5000 , authorized by the Postmaster General , Mr John Stonehouse , was , on Drury 's recommendations , to be distributed .
soon after a list was published of how the post office reward money of £5000 , [enabled] by the postmaster general , mr john stonehouse , was , on drury 's recommendations , to be distributed .

An important innovation in judicial policy was set in motion in 1871 by the passing of legislation which authorized the Governor to establish village tribunals in designated districts .
an important innovation in judicial policy was set in motion in 1871 by the passing of legislation which [enabled] the governor to establish village tribunals in designated districts .

‘ The Foreign Minister must have authorized this reply .
‘ the foreign minister must have [enabled] this reply .

5 The Parties to this Agreement represent to each other that they have approved the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that their respective signatories are duly authorized to bind the respective parties in such terms and conditions .
5 the parties to this agreement represent to each other that they have approved the terms and conditions of this agreement and that their respective signatories are duly [enabled] to bind the respective parties in such terms and conditions .

1.6.4 to permit any duly authorized representative of upon reasonable prior notice to enter into any of its premises where the Licensed Software or any materials relating thereto are stored for the purpose of ascertaining that the provisions of this Agreement are being complied with by ;
1.6.4 to permit any duly [enabled] representative of upon reasonable prior notice to enter into any of its premises where the licensed software or any materials relating thereto are stored for the purpose of ascertaining that the provisions of this agreement are being complied with by ;

1.6.7 to keep full , proper and up-to-date books of account and records showing clearly all inquiries and proceedings relating to fault calls of the Licenced Software and allow a duly authorized representative of to have access to said books and records ;
1.6.7 to keep full , proper and up-to-date books of account and records showing clearly all inquiries and proceedings relating to fault calls of the licenced software and allow a duly [enabled] representative of to have access to said books and records ;

6.3 shall keep complete and accurate records showing all information that is necessary for the full computation and verification of the royalties payable to under this Agreement , and shall permit any authorized agent of to examine and inspect such records at all reasonable times on reasonable notice not more than one time in any calendar year .
6.3 shall keep complete and accurate records showing all information that is necessary for the full computation and verification of the royalties payable to under this agreement , and shall permit any [enabled] agent of to examine and inspect such records at all reasonable times on reasonable notice not more than one time in any calendar year .

It was not until she noticed a bill on Todney 's desk , to be authorized by Stephen as complimentary , that she knew his half-brother had checked out of the hotel without so much as saying goodbye to her .
it was not until she noticed a bill on todney 's desk , to be [enabled] by stephen as complimentary , that she knew his half-brother had checked out of the hotel without so much as saying goodbye to her .

The contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the Carrier 's standard Bill of Lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the Carrier and those of his authorized Agents .
the contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the carrier 's standard bill of lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the carrier and those of his [enabled] agents .

To complicate matters even further , the House only authorized annual ‘ supply services ’ .
to complicate matters even further , the house only [enabled] annual ‘ supply services ’ .

This act also authorized the creation of a Public Accounts Commission composed of MPs to supervise the Comptroller 's department , now known as the National Audit Office .
this act also [enabled] the creation of a public accounts commission composed of mps to supervise the comptroller 's department , now known as the national audit office .

The Home Secretary rejected any suggestion that the methods authorized for interrogation contained any element of cruelty but he appointed three Privy Councillors to consider those methods .
the home secretary rejected any suggestion that the methods [enabled] for interrogation contained any element of cruelty but he appointed three privy councillors to consider those methods .

From mid-1971 , the Transport and General Workers ' Union authorized the practice of selective ‘ blacking ’ of the goods carried by certain road haulier firms to ports .
from mid-1971 , the transport and general workers ' union [enabled] the practice of selective ‘ blacking ’ of the goods carried by certain road haulier firms to ports .

These figures include the number of authorized ( or anticipated ) holidays .
these figures include the number of [enabled] ( or anticipated ) holidays .

Clearly the airlines ' authorized capacity does not match up to the company market shares as shown in either Table 11.2 or Table 11.3 .
clearly the airlines ' [enabled] capacity does not match up to the company market shares as shown in either table 11.2 or table 11.3 .

Schools Abroad ( 95,200 authorized holidays in 1984 ) and School Plan ( Intasun ) lead in this market .
schools abroad ( 95,200 [enabled] holidays in 1984 ) and school plan ( intasun ) lead in this market .

Sanctioned or authorized by law or right , lawful , proper ; ( c ) normal , regular ; conformable to a recognized standard type ; ( d ) sanctioned by the laws of reasoning ; logically admissible or inferable .
sanctioned or [enabled] by law or right , lawful , proper ; ( c ) normal , regular ; conformable to a recognized standard type ; ( d ) sanctioned by the laws of reasoning ; logically admissible or inferable .

The figure given in the capital clause of the memorandum is the nominal or authorized capital of the company .
the figure given in the capital clause of the memorandum is the nominal or [enabled] capital of the company .

In the case of a public company , however , s. 11 requires the capital clause of the memorandum to state a figure which is not less than the authorized minimum .
in the case of a public company , however , s. 11 requires the capital clause of the memorandum to state a figure which is not less than the [enabled] minimum .

It also appropriates this amount to individual votes , and performs the sane function for the lump sums authorized by the preceding winter and spring Consolidated Fund Acts in respect of the previous year , and for excess votes in respect of the year before that .
it also appropriates this amount to individual votes , and performs the sane function for the lump sums [enabled] by the preceding winter and spring consolidated fund acts in respect of the previous year , and for excess votes in respect of the year before that .

Projects are authorized by divisional product committees .
projects are [enabled] by divisional product committees .

Prohibitions are nevertheless crimes because , in Matza 's words , ‘ they elicit authorized state intervention , but they are different from other crimes in failing to self-evidently warrant intervention ’ ( Matza , 1964:161 ) .
prohibitions are nevertheless crimes because , in matza 's words , ‘ they elicit [enabled] state intervention , but they are different from other crimes in failing to self-evidently warrant intervention ’ ( matza , 1964:161 ) .

So here the use of quasi-official language to make a series of provocatively racist statements serves to undermine the credibility of the authorized version of ‘ community relations ’ by contrasting its unrealistic viewpoint with the putative realities of ‘ the job ’ .
so here the use of quasi-official language to make a series of provocatively racist statements serves to undermine the credibility of the [enabled] version of ‘ community relations ’ by contrasting its unrealistic viewpoint with the putative realities of ‘ the job ’ .

He may not be authorized to make changes to other components ; these may be owned by other design teams or may have become `` fixed once production has commenced .
he may not be [enabled] to make changes to other components ; these may be owned by other design teams or may have become `` fixed once production has commenced .

The main communications network should not carry or traffic engineering data indiscriminately ; this type of data should only be provided against requests that have themselves been authorized .
the main communications network should not carry or traffic engineering data indiscriminately ; this type of data should only be provided against requests that have themselves been [enabled] .

The somewhat bitter though minty flavour of hyssop leaves has given them a mixed reception amongst cooks and gourmets. so it is not surprising that hyssop 's original use was medicinal , as suggested by the specific name — officinalis ( from the Latin officina , workshop ) indicates that the plant was authorized for use by the medical profession and could be sold in pharmacies .
the somewhat bitter though minty flavour of hyssop leaves has given them a mixed reception amongst cooks and gourmets. so it is not surprising that hyssop 's original use was medicinal , as suggested by the specific name — officinalis ( from the latin officina , workshop ) indicates that the plant was [enabled] for use by the medical profession and could be sold in pharmacies .

iv.2.4 : this man is a fifth-century soldier , not the famous fourth-century politician ) is explicitly told to use his fleet round the Peloponnese ‘ as he thought fit ’ ; he took Pylos with it ( p. 132 ) , an act which Thucydides implies was more extempore than it really was , but which was nevertheless not something specifically authorized by the Assembly .
iv.2.4 : this man is a fifth-century soldier , not the famous fourth-century politician ) is explicitly told to use his fleet round the peloponnese ‘ as he thought fit ’ ; he took pylos with it ( p. 132 ) , an act which thucydides implies was more extempore than it really was , but which was nevertheless not something specifically [enabled] by the assembly .

The actual administration of services authorized by Acts is a process that itself contributes to the making of social policy .
the actual administration of services [enabled] by acts is a process that itself contributes to the making of social policy .

It goes without saying that all the material needs to be checked repeatedly and authorized by various departmental heads , and that it will be changed right up until the last minute .
it goes without saying that all the material needs to be checked repeatedly and [enabled] by various departmental heads , and that it will be changed right up until the last minute .

If the client is happy to pay any contribution required , the solicitor is authorized to provide up to two hours of work .
if the client is happy to pay any contribution required , the solicitor is [enabled] to provide up to two hours of work .

In 1316 , however , the southern clergy met three times before they finally capitulated towards the end of the year and authorized the collection of a tenth ; even then , it was to be delivered in two moieties , one in 1317 , the other in 1318 .
in 1316 , however , the southern clergy met three times before they finally capitulated towards the end of the year and [enabled] the collection of a tenth ; even then , it was to be delivered in two moieties , one in 1317 , the other in 1318 .

Carter authorized the State Department to try to find another asylum .
carter [enabled] the state department to try to find another asylum .

It authorized $ 5 million annually for five years ( later extended to 1964 ) to support research , provide technical assistance to public and private organizations , and provide for the training of technical personnel .
it [enabled] $ 5 million annually for five years ( later extended to 1964 ) to support research , provide technical assistance to public and private organizations , and provide for the training of technical personnel .

Additionally , since the Local Government Act , 1972 ( section 137 ) , local authorities have had general power to spend up to the product of a 2p rate on purposes not specifically authorized by statute .
additionally , since the local government act , 1972 ( section 137 ) , local authorities have had general power to spend up to the product of a 2p rate on purposes not specifically [enabled] by statute .

Ultra vires is obviously a restrictive doctrine ( although local authorities are permitted to raise a 2p rate to finance functions not specifically authorized by statute ) .
ultra vires is obviously a restrictive doctrine ( although local authorities are permitted to raise a 2p rate to finance functions not specifically [enabled] by statute ) .

After two years of anxiety , one of the finest seams of steam coal in the world was struck in the Maendy pit , Cwmparc , and the Ocean Collieries Company was set up in 1867 with an authorized capital of £240,000 .
after two years of anxiety , one of the finest seams of steam coal in the world was struck in the maendy pit , cwmparc , and the ocean collieries company was set up in 1867 with an [enabled] capital of £240,000 .

Its early locomotives were unreliable , and in 1827 the owners ' committee authorized Hackworth to build a new one to his own design .
its early locomotives were unreliable , and in 1827 the owners ' committee [enabled] hackworth to build a new one to his own design .

In addition , White was authorized to run a public dispensary from the laboratory , where he maintained a storeroom of chemical preparations .
in addition , white was [enabled] to run a public dispensary from the laboratory , where he maintained a storeroom of chemical preparations .

The inoculating business had now reached its zenith with forty-seven ‘ authorized ’ partnerships ( including Sutton , his father , and six brothers ) in England , Ireland , Wales , Holland , France , Jamaica , and Virginia in 1768 .
the inoculating business had now reached its zenith with forty-seven ‘ [enabled] ’ partnerships ( including sutton , his father , and six brothers ) in england , ireland , wales , holland , france , jamaica , and virginia in 1768 .

Active in increasing the authorized capital of this corporation , Sutton made money by insider dealing in its shares and was involved in the scandal following disclosures of extensive frauds in 1732 in which he himself lost severely .
active in increasing the [enabled] capital of this corporation , sutton made money by insider dealing in its shares and was involved in the scandal following disclosures of extensive frauds in 1732 in which he himself lost severely .

‘ In my opinion the sums expended have been applied for the purposes authorized by Parliament and the account properly presents the expenditure and receipts … for the year ended … ‘
‘ in my opinion the sums expended have been applied for the purposes [enabled] by parliament and the account properly presents the expenditure and receipts … for the year ended … ‘

Instead , Washington relied on the public 's dwindling interest in the two-year-old disaster , the shortness of its memory , and what Ian Bell had described as ‘ the iron laws of the press ’ to blur the improbabilities that riddled the authorized version of events .
instead , washington relied on the public 's dwindling interest in the two-year-old disaster , the shortness of its memory , and what ian bell had described as ‘ the iron laws of the press ’ to blur the improbabilities that riddled the [enabled] version of events .

‘ Are we authorized to be here , sir ? ’
‘ are we [enabled] to be here , sir ? ’

There are , for example , forms reserved for certain speakers , in which case we may talk ( after Fillmore , 1975 ) of authorized speakers .
there are , for example , forms reserved for certain speakers , in which case we may talk ( after fillmore , 1975 ) of [enabled] speakers .

There are also in many languages forms reserved for authorized recipients , including restrictions on most titles of address ( Your Honour , Mr President , etc . )
there are also in many languages forms reserved for [enabled] recipients , including restrictions on most titles of address ( your honour , mr president , etc . )

Of course that is not as good , from the point of view we are now considering , as finding an actual past decision made by an authorized body .
of course that is not as good , from the point of view we are now considering , as finding an actual past decision made by an [enabled] body .

It might be thought that the ideal of protected expectation is a distinctly democratic ideal , because it proposes that coercion be used only when authorized by procedures to which the people have consented .
it might be thought that the ideal of protected expectation is a distinctly democratic ideal , because it proposes that coercion be used only when [enabled] by procedures to which the people have consented .

By 1928 some of the Party was prepared for the radical change of tactics authorized by the Sixth Comintern Congress .
by 1928 some of the party was prepared for the radical change of tactics [enabled] by the sixth comintern congress .

( ‘ Statutory undertakers ' are defined as ‘ persons authorized by any enactment to carry on any railway , light railway , road transport , water transport , canal , inland navigation , dock , harbour , pier or lighthouse undertaking , or any undertaking for the supply of electricity , gas , hydraulic power or water ’ . )
( ‘ statutory undertakers ' are defined as ‘ persons [enabled] by any enactment to carry on any railway , light railway , road transport , water transport , canal , inland navigation , dock , harbour , pier or lighthouse undertaking , or any undertaking for the supply of electricity , gas , hydraulic power or water ’ . )

Morocco 's fledging Green Party has been declared illegal , ostensibly because it has not been officially authorized .
morocco 's fledging green party has been declared illegal , ostensibly because it has not been officially [enabled] .

After an authorized shipment of electric transformers arrived in France and was transported to a specialist factory in Saint-Vulbas for decontamination , the minister announced that no such shipments would be allowed in the future .
after an [enabled] shipment of electric transformers arrived in france and was transported to a specialist factory in saint-vulbas for decontamination , the minister announced that no such shipments would be allowed in the future .

The duty of care , provided under Section 34 of the 1990 Environmental Protection Act , makes all businesses responsible for ensuring that their waste is disposed of properly , by passing it on to authorized waste collectors .
the duty of care , provided under section 34 of the 1990 environmental protection act , makes all businesses responsible for ensuring that their waste is disposed of properly , by passing it on to [enabled] waste collectors .

How may the message be disentangled from the original imagery through which it was conveyed , or is this to distort and change its meaning Farrer has been criticized by Ian Barbour who writes : ‘ By his appeal to authority , Farrer makes ‘ authorized images ’ immune to criticism … .
how may the message be disentangled from the original imagery through which it was conveyed , or is this to distort and change its meaning farrer has been criticized by ian barbour who writes : ‘ by his appeal to authority , farrer makes ‘ [enabled] images ’ immune to criticism … .

In December 1973 cabinet authorized the cabling of seven towns in France , to test the potential for local services .
in december 1973 cabinet [enabled] the cabling of seven towns in france , to test the potential for local services .

The Goldsmiths deliberated , and in due course authorized the expenditure .
the goldsmiths deliberated , and in due course [enabled] the expenditure .

It outlawed the closed shop ; forbade `` unfair `` labour practices ; provided for a 90-day `` cooling off `` period before strike action started ; authorized the President to issue an injunction to prevent strikes that might harm the national interest ; and banned Communists from union office .
it outlawed the closed shop ; forbade `` unfair `` labour practices ; provided for a 90-day `` cooling off `` period before strike action started ; [enabled] the president to issue an injunction to prevent strikes that might harm the national interest ; and banned communists from union office .

The sequel was the War Powers Act ( 1973 ) under which the President had to inform Congress within 48 hours of committing armed forces abroad ; in addition the forces had to be withdrawn unless the action was formally authorized by Congress .
the sequel was the war powers act ( 1973 ) under which the president had to inform congress within 48 hours of committing armed forces abroad ; in addition the forces had to be withdrawn unless the action was formally [enabled] by congress .

As will be seen , any attempt to question such assumptions was likely to raise the question , sometimes in quite an explosive form , as to whether the study could be authorized as `` English `` at all .
as will be seen , any attempt to question such assumptions was likely to raise the question , sometimes in quite an explosive form , as to whether the study could be [enabled] as `` english `` at all .

Now , there is a basic constitutional principle , embodied in the Bill of Rights of 1688/9 , that the levying of taxes must be authorized by statute , and so there is an argument for saying that non-statutory rules made by the Revenue which effectively determine a taxpayer 's liability to tax are ‘ unconstitutional ’ .
now , there is a basic constitutional principle , embodied in the bill of rights of 1688/9 , that the levying of taxes must be [enabled] by statute , and so there is an argument for saying that non-statutory rules made by the revenue which effectively determine a taxpayer 's liability to tax are ‘ unconstitutional ’ .

It should be noted , too , that government conduct can be authorized by ‘ prerogative ’ powers which depend for their existence on recognition by the courts .
it should be noted , too , that government conduct can be [enabled] by ‘ prerogative ’ powers which depend for their existence on recognition by the courts .

If a court feels that a particular act which is not authorized by statute requires positive legal authorization , it may be able to achieve this by extending an existing prerogative power into a new area .
if a court feels that a particular act which is not [enabled] by statute requires positive legal authorization , it may be able to achieve this by extending an existing prerogative power into a new area .

Taxes must be authorized by an Act of Parliament , and questions about liability to pay tax rarely arise in judicial review proceedings because there is an adequate system for appealing against decisions about tax liability .
taxes must be [enabled] by an act of parliament , and questions about liability to pay tax rarely arise in judicial review proceedings because there is an adequate system for appealing against decisions about tax liability .

Police in the possession of a search warrant , signed by a justice of the peace or a sheriff , are authorized to enter premises , if necessary by force .
police in the possession of a search warrant , signed by a justice of the peace or a sheriff , are [enabled] to enter premises , if necessary by force .

So far Edward had been careful to avoid any appearance of an attack on Warwick 's own gains , but on 16 December Gloucester was authorized to subdue the rebels who had seized the castles of Cardigan and Carmarthen — castles of which Warwick was still technically constable .
so far edward had been careful to avoid any appearance of an attack on warwick 's own gains , but on 16 december gloucester was [enabled] to subdue the rebels who had seized the castles of cardigan and carmarthen — castles of which warwick was still technically constable .

The same was true of farms and leases , which were generally authorized by the duchy council .
the same was true of farms and leases , which were generally [enabled] by the duchy council .

The questionable legality of the move may explain why two of the earliest confiscations were authorized by Gloucester personally rather than in the king 's name .
the questionable legality of the move may explain why two of the earliest confiscations were [enabled] by gloucester personally rather than in the king 's name .

These are stray survivals , but it is likely that other forfeitures were authorized in the same way .
these are stray survivals , but it is likely that other forfeitures were [enabled] in the same way .

William Berkeley , William Ovedale and Roger Kelsale were made responsible for victualling the ships , and were also authorized to receive all those prepared to make their peace with the new regime except Woodville himself , Dorset ( the only indication that he might have joined his uncle ) and Robert Ratcliffe , a former associate of Rivers at Calais .
william berkeley , william ovedale and roger kelsale were made responsible for victualling the ships , and were also [enabled] to receive all those prepared to make their peace with the new regime except woodville himself , dorset ( the only indication that he might have joined his uncle ) and robert ratcliffe , a former associate of rivers at calais .

In 1914 the Board of Education initiated a new Education ( Provision of Meals ) Act which made this provision compulsory for all local authorities , provided an Exchequer subsidy , authorized feeding during school holidays and left the determination of need to the school medical officers who were to assess need purely on grounds of health rather than of parental income .
in 1914 the board of education initiated a new education ( provision of meals ) act which made this provision compulsory for all local authorities , provided an exchequer subsidy , [enabled] feeding during school holidays and left the determination of need to the school medical officers who were to assess need purely on grounds of health rather than of parental income .

Part 2 of the National Insurance Act authorized technical retraining schemes for adults , but this was not implemented until 1925 .
part 2 of the national insurance act [enabled] technical retraining schemes for adults , but this was not implemented until 1925 .

The 9 May 1898 order also authorized the use with the khaki blouse of new ‘ trousers of cotton drilling or khaki colour .
the 9 may 1898 order also [enabled] the use with the khaki blouse of new ‘ trousers of cotton drilling or khaki colour .

Fair or russet leather shoes and boots were also authorized .
fair or russet leather shoes and boots were also [enabled] .

Above : Unidentified regular infantry unit in field dress ; the fact that some enlisted men wear the crossed rifles on the left side of their slouch hats presumably dates the photograph after July 1899 , when the badge was authorized ( though for wear on the front ) .
above : unidentified regular infantry unit in field dress ; the fact that some enlisted men wear the crossed rifles on the left side of their slouch hats presumably dates the photograph after july 1899 , when the badge was [enabled] ( though for wear on the front ) .

Rather , the authority of law rested solely on the fact that it was promulgated by the authorized ruler .
rather , the authority of law rested solely on the fact that it was promulgated by the [enabled] ruler .

control of access to the system as a whole so that only authorized people can use it
control of access to the system as a whole so that only [enabled] people can use it

access for update to be restricted to those authorized
access for update to be restricted to those [enabled]

Commonly it means at any instant having several partially-executed programs , among which the computer resources have to be shared in such a way that they interact ( if at all ) only in authorized ways .
commonly it means at any instant having several partially-executed programs , among which the computer resources have to be shared in such a way that they interact ( if at all ) only in [enabled] ways .

Any use of these facilities by a problem program must be via a request to the supervisor , which can check the validity of the request and whether the problem program is authorized to use the facility .
any use of these facilities by a problem program must be via a request to the supervisor , which can check the validity of the request and whether the problem program is [enabled] to use the facility .

Consider the following exchange between an opponent of nuclear waste dumping and a representative of the firm which had been authorized to do the dumping : `` Ninety thousand people in Bedfordshire have already signed a petition saying no to the dump .
consider the following exchange between an opponent of nuclear waste dumping and a representative of the firm which had been [enabled] to do the dumping : `` ninety thousand people in bedfordshire have already signed a petition saying no to the dump .

The Authorized Version of the Magi 's dream , recounted in St Matthew , chapter 2 , verse 12 : And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod , they departed into their own country another way .
the [enabled] version of the magi 's dream , recounted in st matthew , chapter 2 , verse 12 : and being warned of god in a dream that they should not return to herod , they departed into their own country another way .

The Prince was furious at this intrusion into his private life and authorized his friend , Lord Tryon , who was present at the picnic to shout a four letter word at the journalists concerned .
the prince was furious at this intrusion into his private life and [enabled] his friend , lord tryon , who was present at the picnic to shout a four letter word at the journalists concerned .

The Queen authorized her press secretary to demand a retraction .
the queen [enabled] her press secretary to demand a retraction .

Who is an Authorized Person ?
who is an [enabled] person ?

It had been issued by the War Office and authorized unrestricted access to both military bases and hospitals .
it had been issued by the war office and [enabled] unrestricted access to both military bases and hospitals .

One path to go down might begin from the priority the Council had given to its knowledge of the particular institutions : ‘ it seems that we should now begin to build even more positively on this and consider a move in which certain institutions were granted particular responsibilities … the academic board in an experienced institution engaging in work of high quality should be authorized by the Council to reach decisions in defined areas ’ , and within understood frameworks of report and action .
one path to go down might begin from the priority the council had given to its knowledge of the particular institutions : ‘ it seems that we should now begin to build even more positively on this and consider a move in which certain institutions were granted particular responsibilities … the academic board in an experienced institution engaging in work of high quality should be [enabled] by the council to reach decisions in defined areas ’ , and within understood frameworks of report and action .

how could that have been developed among a people whose public granaries were crammed with provisions and whose public officials were authorized to distribute them in case of need ?
how could that have been developed among a people whose public granaries were crammed with provisions and whose public officials were [enabled] to distribute them in case of need ?

Calculating that the kidnappers might use the same initial rendezvous , Zen had informed Bartocci , who had authorized a phone-tap .
calculating that the kidnappers might use the same initial rendezvous , zen had informed bartocci , who had [enabled] a phone-tap .

When the status and rights of a leader are endowed by tradition , they are authorized by belief in the sacredness of the social order ; by appeals to divine authority ; by a leader 's designation of his own successor ; by inheritance ; or by consecration .
when the status and rights of a leader are endowed by tradition , they are [enabled] by belief in the sacredness of the social order ; by appeals to divine authority ; by a leader 's designation of his own successor ; by inheritance ; or by consecration .

So far Edward had been careful to avoid any appearance of an attack on Warwick 's own gains , but on 16 December Gloucester was authorized to subdue the rebels who had seized the castles of Cardigan and Carmarthen — castles of which Warwick was still technically constable .
so far edward had been careful to avoid any appearance of an attack on warwick 's own gains , but on 16 december gloucester was [enabled] to subdue the rebels who had seized the castles of cardigan and carmarthen — castles of which warwick was still technically constable .

The same was true of farms and leases , which were generally authorized by the duchy council .
the same was true of farms and leases , which were generally [enabled] by the duchy council .

The questionable legality of the move may explain why two of the earliest confiscations were authorized by Gloucester personally rather than in the king 's name .
the questionable legality of the move may explain why two of the earliest confiscations were [enabled] by gloucester personally rather than in the king 's name .

These are stray survivals , but it is likely that other forfeitures were authorized in the same way .
these are stray survivals , but it is likely that other forfeitures were [enabled] in the same way .

William Berkeley , William Ovedale and Roger Kelsale were made responsible for victualling the ships , and were also authorized to receive all those prepared to make their peace with the new regime except Woodville himself , Dorset ( the only indication that he might have joined his uncle ) and Robert Ratcliffe , a former associate of Rivers at Calais .
william berkeley , william ovedale and roger kelsale were made responsible for victualling the ships , and were also [enabled] to receive all those prepared to make their peace with the new regime except woodville himself , dorset ( the only indication that he might have joined his uncle ) and robert ratcliffe , a former associate of rivers at calais .

There were further measures in the 1530s ; an Act of 1533 attempted to limit the size of the flock that one man might own and to prevent the engrossing of holdings and another in 1536 authorized the King to proceed against any encloser of land converted from tillage since 1488 ( 58 , pp.104–6 , 110–11 ) .
there were further measures in the 1530s ; an act of 1533 attempted to limit the size of the flock that one man might own and to prevent the engrossing of holdings and another in 1536 [enabled] the king to proceed against any encloser of land converted from tillage since 1488 ( 58 , pp.104–6 , 110–11 ) .

Budgets may be introduced as a medium for which expenditure is authorized .
budgets may be introduced as a medium for which expenditure is [enabled] .

In other words , managers should not cling blindly to a plan when unfolding events indicate the desirability of actions which were not originally authorized .
in other words , managers should not cling blindly to a plan when unfolding events indicate the desirability of actions which were not originally [enabled] .

The free circulation of certain categories of citizens within the sub-region — mainly students , researchers and border-dwellers — was authorized as of January 1991 .
the free circulation of certain categories of citizens within the sub-region — mainly students , researchers and border-dwellers — was [enabled] as of january 1991 .

Also under investigation for exchange control irregularities under the scheme authorized by the Differential Exchange System Office ( Regimen de Cambios Diferenciales — Recadi ) were executives of multinational companies , many of whom had left the country to avoid judicial proceedings .
also under investigation for exchange control irregularities under the scheme [enabled] by the differential exchange system office ( regimen de cambios diferenciales — recadi ) were executives of multinational companies , many of whom had left the country to avoid judicial proceedings .

González on March 7 authorized price rises for public-sector companies , including an increase in petrol prices of 124 per cent in water charges of 58 per cent retroactively to November 1989 , even though the state-run water company had already raised its prices by 87 per cent on Feb. 8 and in telephone charges , which had already risen on Feb. 8 by 112 per cent , of a further 300 per cent .
gonzález on march 7 [enabled] price rises for public-sector companies , including an increase in petrol prices of 124 per cent in water charges of 58 per cent retroactively to november 1989 , even though the state-run water company had already raised its prices by 87 per cent on feb. 8 and in telephone charges , which had already risen on feb. 8 by 112 per cent , of a further 300 per cent .

In his testimony to Congress in July 1987 — which had been given under immunity and was , therefore , inadmissible at his trial — Poindexter had said that he alone had authorized the Iran-contra operation and that Reagan had known nothing of it [ see pp .
in his testimony to congress in july 1987 — which had been given under immunity and was , therefore , inadmissible at his trial — poindexter had said that he alone had [enabled] the iran-contra operation and that reagan had known nothing of it [ see pp .

Beginning in 1991 , the government was authorized to allocate up to $ 500 million a year until the total liability of approximately $ 1,250 million was paid in compensation for losses incurred in the forced relocation of some 120,000 Japanese-Americans in camps throughout the American west .
beginning in 1991 , the government was [enabled] to allocate up to $ 500 million a year until the total liability of approximately $ 1,250 million was paid in compensation for losses incurred in the forced relocation of some 120,000 japanese-americans in camps throughout the american west .

The Prime Minister , Crown Prince Shaikh Saad al Abdullah as-Salim as-Sabah , was at the same time authorized to form a new government [ see pp .
the prime minister , crown prince shaikh saad al abdullah as-salim as-sabah , was at the same time [enabled] to form a new government [ see pp .

The troops were authorized on Jan. 17 to fire on Azerbaijani or Armenian militants to defend themselves or to protect weapons stores .
the troops were [enabled] on jan. 17 to fire on azerbaijani or armenian militants to defend themselves or to protect weapons stores .

During the trial the prosecution had alleged that Saunders had authorized large covert payment to numerous persons , including Ronson , in return for their commitment to buy Guinness shares .
during the trial the prosecution had alleged that saunders had [enabled] large covert payment to numerous persons , including ronson , in return for their commitment to buy guinness shares .

The main group of demonstrators had broken away from an authorized rally in a nearby square called by the Revolution Party ( Christian Democratic ) .
the main group of demonstrators had broken away from an [enabled] rally in a nearby square called by the revolution party ( christian democratic ) .

He claimed that he had not acted illegally , nor authorized others to do so , but also stated that he believed Poindexter to be innocent of the charges against him .
he claimed that he had not acted illegally , nor [enabled] others to do so , but also stated that he believed poindexter to be innocent of the charges against him .

Apparently signalling a drop in tensions in the republic , however , the Moldavian Popular Front was authorized to hold a pre-election rally in Kishinev on Feb. 11 which attracted some 50,000 people [ elections on Feb. 25 to the Moldavian Supreme Soviet and local soviets will be covered in a forthcoming article ] .
apparently signalling a drop in tensions in the republic , however , the moldavian popular front was [enabled] to hold a pre-election rally in kishinev on feb. 11 which attracted some 50,000 people [ elections on feb. 25 to the moldavian supreme soviet and local soviets will be covered in a forthcoming article ] .

The manner of his election was dubious in the extreme ; Gallus had spent much time at the court of Theuderic , but at the time of Quintianus 's death he was in Clermont ; while the citizens were trying to decide on a new candidate the Holy Spirit descended on Gallus , according to his relative Gregory , and on the advice of his uncle Inpetratus he set off and presented himself to Theuderic , who authorized his consecration .
the manner of his election was dubious in the extreme ; gallus had spent much time at the court of theuderic , but at the time of quintianus 's death he was in clermont ; while the citizens were trying to decide on a new candidate the holy spirit descended on gallus , according to his relative gregory , and on the advice of his uncle inpetratus he set off and presented himself to theuderic , who [enabled] his consecration .

He points out first that those who are aware of the finer points of history will know that in former days ( or `` the earliest days ' : the meticulous ulema were authorized to give fetvas individually according to the requirement of a particular time .
he points out first that those who are aware of the finer points of history will know that in former days ( or `` the earliest days ' : the meticulous ulema were [enabled] to give fetvas individually according to the requirement of a particular time .

The latter , a somewhat shadowy figure in the biographical sources , is chiefly noted in the history of the time for having authorized with a fetva the execution of Seyh Bedreddin Simavi in 823/1420 ( ? )
the latter , a somewhat shadowy figure in the biographical sources , is chiefly noted in the history of the time for having [enabled] with a fetva the execution of seyh bedreddin simavi in 823/1420 ( ? )

He then proceeds : `` After a while he was reinstated in favour by being authorized to give fetvas .
he then proceeds : `` after a while he was reinstated in favour by being [enabled] to give fetvas .

Access to the system is now restricted to authorized staff by the use of security passwords .
access to the system is now restricted to [enabled] staff by the use of security passwords .

All institutions are now known as ‘ authorized institutions ’ , and the use of the word ‘ bank ’ was restricted to those institutions which had a paid-up capital of at least f5m , but in all other respects the 1981 classification remained .
all institutions are now known as ‘ [enabled] institutions ’ , and the use of the word ‘ bank ’ was restricted to those institutions which had a paid-up capital of at least f5m , but in all other respects the 1981 classification remained .

Dividends , which are what the shareholder is paid for the use of his money , are recommended by the directors and authorized by the annual general meeting of shareholders .
dividends , which are what the shareholder is paid for the use of his money , are recommended by the directors and [enabled] by the annual general meeting of shareholders .

At the beginning of every term he filled in a form habitually distributed to all teaching staff , requiring details of authorized absences from college ; for sabbaticals , or the marking of outside examinations , or simply because contractual staff-student contract hours had been fulfilled .
at the beginning of every term he filled in a form habitually distributed to all teaching staff , requiring details of [enabled] absences from college ; for sabbaticals , or the marking of outside examinations , or simply because contractual staff-student contract hours had been fulfilled .

All of his admissions were involuntary , probably ‘ consent admissions ’ authorized by a superintendent of the hospital and his parents .
all of his admissions were involuntary , probably ‘ consent admissions ’ [enabled] by a superintendent of the hospital and his parents .

Once an agreement has been reached and the minister has authorized it , an application is made to the government of the supplying country and , if approved , the transaction goes ahead .
once an agreement has been reached and the minister has [enabled] it , an application is made to the government of the supplying country and , if approved , the transaction goes ahead .

Quite often the form was outdated by the time it was finally authorized and the clerks would tell the luckless petitioner to start all over again .
quite often the form was outdated by the time it was finally [enabled] and the clerks would tell the luckless petitioner to start all over again .

Within the bounds of some agreed domain , he allows his resources to be controlled by an authorized decision-making unit to which he might or might not belong .
within the bounds of some agreed domain , he allows his resources to be controlled by an [enabled] decision-making unit to which he might or might not belong .

On this basis the degree of hierarchy could be said to increase , ceteris paribus , with increases in the domain delegated to authorized control , and with reductions in the extent to which resource owners are involved in making decisions about the deployment of their resources .
on this basis the degree of hierarchy could be said to increase , ceteris paribus , with increases in the domain delegated to [enabled] control , and with reductions in the extent to which resource owners are involved in making decisions about the deployment of their resources .

In other words , holding constant the controlled domain , hierarchy increases as authorized decision-making becomes more concentrated amongst people in an organization .
in other words , holding constant the controlled domain , hierarchy increases as [enabled] decision-making becomes more concentrated amongst people in an organization .

She 's got that unappetizing little Yank in tow , and she 's feeding him the Authorized Version .
she 's got that unappetizing little yank in tow , and she 's feeding him the [enabled] version .

Franco had spotted this possibility at an early stage : on arrival in Tetuán , he had authorized Luis Bolín ( who had travelled with him from Casablanca ) to purchase aircraft and armaments in Italy , Germany or Britain .
franco had spotted this possibility at an early stage : on arrival in tetuán , he had [enabled] luis bolín ( who had travelled with him from casablanca ) to purchase aircraft and armaments in italy , germany or britain .

In a system like this , in which people 's fate did not depend on merit nor on the fulfillment of objectively defined conditions , but on the arbitrary decision of a Party official , a neighbour , a local priest or some other `` authorized `` citizen , bribery and corruption were soon rife .
in a system like this , in which people 's fate did not depend on merit nor on the fulfillment of objectively defined conditions , but on the arbitrary decision of a party official , a neighbour , a local priest or some other `` [enabled] `` citizen , bribery and corruption were soon rife .

John was confident enough then to leave Flynn to it and to go off himself to look at the proposed routes of the Waterford & limerick and the Waterford & kilkenny lines , both of which had been authorized by Parliament last year but neither of which had yet gone to tender .
john was confident enough then to leave flynn to it and to go off himself to look at the proposed routes of the waterford & limerick and the waterford & kilkenny lines , both of which had been [enabled] by parliament last year but neither of which had yet gone to tender .

The Court judged that Carter had been under no duress when he authorized the amnesty and could have resorted to alternative methods to end the coup attempt .
the court judged that carter had been under no duress when he [enabled] the amnesty and could have resorted to alternative methods to end the coup attempt .

On July 26 the government authorized the deployment of 7,000 troops on the island of Sicily , the first such deployment seen in post-war Italy .
on july 26 the government [enabled] the deployment of 7,000 troops on the island of sicily , the first such deployment seen in post-war italy .

Defence Minister Patricio Rojas Saavedra said that the general had been authorized to travel until June 5 `` to visit foreign defence companies which supply the Chilean army `` , although his visits to each country were described as private .
defence minister patricio rojas saavedra said that the general had been [enabled] to travel until june 5 `` to visit foreign defence companies which supply the chilean army `` , although his visits to each country were described as private .

The statute , which authorized the death penalty for a number of vaguely defined charges , had been one of the main instruments used by the ruling Kuomintang to suppress opposition .
the statute , which [enabled] the death penalty for a number of vaguely defined charges , had been one of the main instruments used by the ruling kuomintang to suppress opposition .

Although the resolution authorized a governing body established in Geneva , consisting of all 15 members of the Security Council , to decide how much would be paid into the Fund annually , the United States had reportedly pressed for between 40 per cent and 50 per cent of Iraqi oil revenues to be diverted each year .
although the resolution [enabled] a governing body established in geneva , consisting of all 15 members of the security council , to decide how much would be paid into the fund annually , the united states had reportedly pressed for between 40 per cent and 50 per cent of iraqi oil revenues to be diverted each year .

Congress approved on Oct. 26 a defence budget for fiscal year 1991 of $ 288,300 million , $ 16,700 million less than had been authorized for the previous year [ see p. 37409 ] .
congress approved on oct. 26 a defence budget for fiscal year 1991 of $ 288,300 million , $ 16,700 million less than had been [enabled] for the previous year [ see p. 37409 ] .

The ruling , by six to three , was the first occasion upon which the Court had authorized states to ban the private possession of pornographic material , a right previously protected by the First Amendment .
the ruling , by six to three , was the first occasion upon which the court had [enabled] states to ban the private possession of pornographic material , a right previously protected by the first amendment .

The decision arose from the case of Nancy Curzon , who was allowed to die on Dec. 26 after a Missouri court authorized the removal of her feeding tube [ see p. 37911 ] .
the decision arose from the case of nancy curzon , who was allowed to die on dec. 26 after a missouri court [enabled] the removal of her feeding tube [ see p. 37911 ] .

The sale of cluster bombs to Ethiopia by the arms manufacturer Cardoen , authorized by Pinochet 's military regime , was suspended by the government in October .
the sale of cluster bombs to ethiopia by the arms manufacturer cardoen , [enabled] by pinochet 's military regime , was suspended by the government in october .

It resumed on Aug. 15 for only two hours before being postponed again , amid continuing disputes and a second boycott of the conference by opposition parties because of the presence of more delegates than had been authorized ( 4,288 as opposed to 2,850 ) .
it resumed on aug. 15 for only two hours before being postponed again , amid continuing disputes and a second boycott of the conference by opposition parties because of the presence of more delegates than had been [enabled] ( 4,288 as opposed to 2,850 ) .

The motion authorized the sending of four Italian naval vessels and 10 Tornado aircraft to the Gulf .
the motion [enabled] the sending of four italian naval vessels and 10 tornado aircraft to the gulf .

Both the Lithuanian and Latvian leaderships had renewed calls during November for a Red Army withdrawal , and on Nov. 14 the Latvian Supreme Council ( formerly Supreme Soviet ) had authorized cutting off food and power supplies to Soviet military bases .
both the lithuanian and latvian leaderships had renewed calls during november for a red army withdrawal , and on nov. 14 the latvian supreme council ( formerly supreme soviet ) had [enabled] cutting off food and power supplies to soviet military bases .

Savings accounts in banks were left untouched , but the decree limited for the next six months the amount of cash which could be withdrawn from accounts to a maximum Rbs500 per month , although it authorized the use of bank transfers by individuals for payment to state shops and enterprises .
savings accounts in banks were left untouched , but the decree limited for the next six months the amount of cash which could be withdrawn from accounts to a maximum rbs500 per month , although it [enabled] the use of bank transfers by individuals for payment to state shops and enterprises .

Another decree approved on the same day authorized the employment of Albanians abroad .
another decree approved on the same day [enabled] the employment of albanians abroad .

The Ministry of Works and Public Services was authorized to sell them or arrange concessions in them within 90 to 180 days .
the ministry of works and public services was [enabled] to sell them or arrange concessions in them within 90 to 180 days .

The French government also authorized the charter company Air Liberté to begin direct flights between Paris and Phnom Penh — the first Western country to do so .
the french government also [enabled] the charter company air liberté to begin direct flights between paris and phnom penh — the first western country to do so .

He said that he had authorized the payments which were `` strictly within the mandate to combat sanctions `` .
he said that he had [enabled] the payments which were `` strictly within the mandate to combat sanctions `` .

Almost $ 3,300 million was authorized for fiscal 1992 to assist in state and local law enforcement .
almost $ 3,300 million was [enabled] for fiscal 1992 to assist in state and local law enforcement .

On July 21 the Finance Minister , Nasir Abdel allah al Rawdan indicated that the government did not intend to borrow the entire sum authorized by the decree ; he expected the actual amount borrowed to be less than $24,000 million .
on july 21 the finance minister , nasir abdel allah al rawdan indicated that the government did not intend to borrow the entire sum [enabled] by the decree ; he expected the actual amount borrowed to be less than $24,000 million .

In defiance , on March 24 the executive committee of the Moscow city soviet authorized the Manezh Square rally .
in defiance , on march 24 the executive committee of the moscow city soviet [enabled] the manezh square rally .

Bush , not yet a formally declared candidate , authorized on Oct. 11 the formation of a campaign re-election committee with a Texan oil magnate , Bobby Hold , as finance chairman .
bush , not yet a formally declared candidate , [enabled] on oct. 11 the formation of a campaign re-election committee with a texan oil magnate , bobby hold , as finance chairman .

He also wrote the still-secret legal opinion which authorized Federal Bureau of Investigation agents to kidnap fugitives overseas without getting permission from foreign governments .
he also wrote the still-secret legal opinion which [enabled] federal bureau of investigation agents to kidnap fugitives overseas without getting permission from foreign governments .

After the elections , Mazowiecki was authorized by the Democratic Union to start talks on forming a majority coalition , but his past disagreements with Walesa made it uncertain that he would be able to do so ( the President having the power to nominate the Prime Minister ) .
after the elections , mazowiecki was [enabled] by the democratic union to start talks on forming a majority coalition , but his past disagreements with walesa made it uncertain that he would be able to do so ( the president having the power to nominate the prime minister ) .

Further to the law on political parties of July 25 , the Ministry of Justice authorized the creation of 10 new political parties during September and October .
further to the law on political parties of july 25 , the ministry of justice [enabled] the creation of 10 new political parties during september and october .

The conference authorized the Commonwealth Secretary-General , Chief Emeka Anyaoku , to visit South Africa immediately after the summit ; he arrived in South Africa on Oct. 30 on a five-day visit , the first by a Commonwealth Secretary-General for almost three decades .
the conference [enabled] the commonwealth secretary-general , chief emeka anyaoku , to visit south africa immediately after the summit ; he arrived in south africa on oct. 30 on a five-day visit , the first by a commonwealth secretary-general for almost three decades .

He was also authorized to urge the South African government to end violence `` with the utmost urgency `` .
he was also [enabled] to urge the south african government to end violence `` with the utmost urgency `` .

On Feb. 7 Pérez authorized a 50 per cent rise in the minimum wage from $ 100 to $ 150 per month , plus a monthly public transport bonus of $ 15 and a 30 per cent increase in the pay of middle-ranking officers .
on feb. 7 pérez [enabled] a 50 per cent rise in the minimum wage from $ 100 to $ 150 per month , plus a monthly public transport bonus of $ 15 and a 30 per cent increase in the pay of middle-ranking officers .

The Israeli army issued new orders on Feb. 2 , apparently in response to pressure from Israeli settlers , easing the circumstances under which soldiers in the occupied territories were authorized to open fire .
the israeli army issued new orders on feb. 2 , apparently in response to pressure from israeli settlers , easing the circumstances under which soldiers in the occupied territories were [enabled] to open fire .

38869-70 ] had left Italy without a President , and thus without anyone authorized to appoint a new Prime Minister and government .
38869-70 ] had left italy without a president , and thus without anyone [enabled] to appoint a new prime minister and government .

Mann , who had resigned from the Lok Sabha in October in protest at the recent extension of President 's rule in the state [ see p. 37775 ] , had previously been authorized to represent two other Akali Dal factions ( Badal and Longowal ) at the talks .
mann , who had resigned from the lok sabha in october in protest at the recent extension of president 's rule in the state [ see p. 37775 ] , had previously been [enabled] to represent two other akali dal factions ( badal and longowal ) at the talks .

Hussein Kamil , had confirmed that his government had also authorized the departure of all Soviet experts , regardless of whether or not their contracts had expired .
hussein kamil , had confirmed that his government had also [enabled] the departure of all soviet experts , regardless of whether or not their contracts had expired .

However , publication of records by the press would be only be permitted if authorized by the commission which had been set up to administer the files .
however , publication of records by the press would be only be permitted if [enabled] by the commission which had been set up to administer the files .

Meanwhile , in a move reportedly designed to check the further collapse of the dinar , the Finance Minister Majid Abd Ja'far confirmed on Nov. 7 that the central Rafidain Bank had been authorized to accept currency known to be counterfeit [ see also p. 38407 ] .
meanwhile , in a move reportedly designed to check the further collapse of the dinar , the finance minister majid abd ja'far confirmed on nov. 7 that the central rafidain bank had been [enabled] to accept currency known to be counterfeit [ see also p. 38407 ] .

The accord also authorized the creation of a mechanism to monitor the observance of conventions banning biological weapons .
the accord also [enabled] the creation of a mechanism to monitor the observance of conventions banning biological weapons .

The first part of a consignment of UN-purchased fuel authorized under the recently concluded memorandum of understanding [ see p. 39163 ] reached Kurdish areas in the north on Nov. 18 .
the first part of a consignment of un-purchased fuel [enabled] under the recently concluded memorandum of understanding [ see p. 39163 ] reached kurdish areas in the north on nov. 18 .

Scottish police carrying out the criminal investigation on Lockerbie had earlier been authorized to interview the suspect , named as Mohamed Abu Talb , who had worked under various identities for Palestinian groups in Egypt and Lebanon , but his lawyers refused to agree to interrogation procedures .
scottish police carrying out the criminal investigation on lockerbie had earlier been [enabled] to interview the suspect , named as mohamed abu talb , who had worked under various identities for palestinian groups in egypt and lebanon , but his lawyers refused to agree to interrogation procedures .

The Turkish parliament had on Dec. 7 authorized the Turkish government to send troops to Bosnia and Somalia if necessary .
the turkish parliament had on dec. 7 [enabled] the turkish government to send troops to bosnia and somalia if necessary .

In response to the setting up of the `` constitutional `` government , the Fujimori government authorized sentences of between four and seven years for dismissed public officials who refused to relinquish their posts or for those who took up office , performed duties or issued orders without due authorization .
in response to the setting up of the `` constitutional `` government , the fujimori government [enabled] sentences of between four and seven years for dismissed public officials who refused to relinquish their posts or for those who took up office , performed duties or issued orders without due authorization .

The decrees authorized a crack-down on the judiciary and the reorganization of the national penal system .
the decrees [enabled] a crack-down on the judiciary and the reorganization of the national penal system .

This had been authorized in a joint directive issued by Defence Minister Dmitry Yazov and Interior Minister Boris Pugo on Dec. 29 , 1990 .
this had been [enabled] in a joint directive issued by defence minister dmitry yazov and interior minister boris pugo on dec. 29 , 1990 .

The Presidential Council , which was authorized to formulate and enact `` necessary measures `` to tackle the country 's political and economic crises , was also named by Alia on Feb. 22 .
the presidential council , which was [enabled] to formulate and enact `` necessary measures `` to tackle the country 's political and economic crises , was also named by alia on feb. 22 .

In Malone v Metropolitan Police Commissioner [ 1979 ] information overheard during an authorized telephone tapping operation by the police was not disclosed in confidence .
in malone v metropolitan police commissioner [ 1979 ] information overheard during an [enabled] telephone tapping operation by the police was not disclosed in confidence .

The practice of ‘ back-door ’ rights issues enabled companies to evade the requirements of pre-emptive rights by getting shareholders to agree to a paper issue ( an expansion of the authorized capital which , if not being sold to raise additional capital , may be used in a share swap ) for the purpose of taking over an investment trust .
the practice of ‘ back-door ’ rights issues enabled companies to evade the requirements of pre-emptive rights by getting shareholders to agree to a paper issue ( an expansion of the [enabled] capital which , if not being sold to raise additional capital , may be used in a share swap ) for the purpose of taking over an investment trust .

When a firm is first established , a certain number of shares will be authorized .
when a firm is first established , a certain number of shares will be [enabled] .

Dividends , which are what the shareholder is paid for the use of his money , are recommended by the directors and authorized by the annual general meeting of shareholders .
dividends , which are what the shareholder is paid for the use of his money , are recommended by the directors and [enabled] by the annual general meeting of shareholders .

The parties to the contract must be legally competent and authorized to enter into it .
the parties to the contract must be legally competent and [enabled] to enter into it .

It may even have been the case — a suggestion emanating , admittedly , from a piece of post-war testimony — that the Reich Propaganda Ministry deliberately started off a rumour that the Führer , on discovering what was taking place ( in an ‘ action ’ which , in reality , he himself had authorized in writing ) , had given the order to halt it immediately .
it may even have been the case — a suggestion emanating , admittedly , from a piece of post-war testimony — that the reich propaganda ministry deliberately started off a rumour that the führer , on discovering what was taking place ( in an ‘ action ’ which , in reality , he himself had [enabled] in writing ) , had given the order to halt it immediately .

Once the policy was authorized , in a proper finding of January 17th 1986 , Weinberger and Shultz both let it go .
once the policy was [enabled] , in a proper finding of january 17th 1986 , weinberger and shultz both let it go .

He assumed that someone was contributing ; it was ‘ in the air ’ and ‘ in the atmosphere ’ ; but he was too busy to ask questions , and , besides , you never knew what might be ‘ compartmented or committed or authorized ’ .
he assumed that someone was contributing ; it was ‘ in the air ’ and ‘ in the atmosphere ’ ; but he was too busy to ask questions , and , besides , you never knew what might be ‘ compartmented or committed or [enabled] ’ .

The husband will be presumed , in the ordinary case where husband and wife live together , and she orders goods to meet the household needs , to have authorized her to pledge his credit for that purpose , unless he has supplied her with sufficient ready money .
the husband will be presumed , in the ordinary case where husband and wife live together , and she orders goods to meet the household needs , to have [enabled] her to pledge his credit for that purpose , unless he has supplied her with sufficient ready money .

Torts committed by the wife during marriage render her liable , but , since 1935 , impose no liability on her husband unless he has authorized or ratified them .
torts committed by the wife during marriage render her liable , but , since 1935 , impose no liability on her husband unless he has [enabled] or ratified them .

They have no enforceable right to enter British territory , and in some cases the Government is authorized by Statute to exclude and even expel them from the United Kingdom .
they have no enforceable right to enter british territory , and in some cases the government is [enabled] by statute to exclude and even expel them from the united kingdom .

But , subject to considerable restrictions on the furtherance of political objects , a Trade Union is empowered by Statute since 1913 to devote its funds to any lawful objects authorized by its rules for the time being .
but , subject to considerable restrictions on the furtherance of political objects , a trade union is empowered by statute since 1913 to devote its funds to any lawful objects [enabled] by its rules for the time being .

In July , he authorized the conversion of the carrier Bulwark into a Commando Ship , and the inclusion in estimates of funds for the subsequent conversion of Albion as well .
in july , he [enabled] the conversion of the carrier bulwark into a commando ship , and the inclusion in estimates of funds for the subsequent conversion of albion as well .

In recognition of the Salesians ' work in education the Prime Minister , Rajiv Ghandi , has authorized a commemorative postage stamp picturing the Salesians ' founder , St John Bosco , with an Indian boy .
in recognition of the salesians ' work in education the prime minister , rajiv ghandi , has [enabled] a commemorative postage stamp picturing the salesians ' founder , st john bosco , with an indian boy .

For if the station is seen as cathedral or chapel , it can also be seen to possess in its heyday a Bible every bit as imposing and sometimes even as impenetrable as the Authorized Version ( Bradshaw ) , incense ( steam ) , and liturgical chanting ( ‘ The train now standing at platform 3 is … ’ , ‘ Close the doors and stand clear ’ , ‘ All change ’ ) .
for if the station is seen as cathedral or chapel , it can also be seen to possess in its heyday a bible every bit as imposing and sometimes even as impenetrable as the [enabled] version ( bradshaw ) , incense ( steam ) , and liturgical chanting ( ‘ the train now standing at platform 3 is … ’ , ‘ close the doors and stand clear ’ , ‘ all change ’ ) .

Butler , as Minister in Churchill 's caretaker government , authorized the publication of ‘ The Nation 's Schools ’ , and Ellen Wilkinson followed this later in the same year with The Organisation of Secondary Education .
butler , as minister in churchill 's caretaker government , [enabled] the publication of ‘ the nation 's schools ’ , and ellen wilkinson followed this later in the same year with the organisation of secondary education .

Under the redundancy procedures of the pastoral Measure , authorized by parliament , listed building consent is not required ; but a special procedure has been agreed with the Department of the Environment whereby a public inquiry will be held if the church is listed .
under the redundancy procedures of the pastoral measure , [enabled] by parliament , listed building consent is not required ; but a special procedure has been agreed with the department of the environment whereby a public inquiry will be held if the church is listed .

In the meantime he authorized a start to be made with planning and summoned , of all people , the red-faced major to his office .
in the meantime he [enabled] a start to be made with planning and summoned , of all people , the red-faced major to his office .

In a further interview with Ritchie , Stirling was authorized to recruit a force of six officers and sixty men from the remnants of Layforce and was promoted to captain .
in a further interview with ritchie , stirling was [enabled] to recruit a force of six officers and sixty men from the remnants of layforce and was promoted to captain .

The Commander-in-Chief agreed to the plan and also authorized Stirling to recruit a further six officers and up to forty men .
the commander-in-chief agreed to the plan and also [enabled] stirling to recruit a further six officers and up to forty men .

The bishops expected the hallowed Authorized Version to maintain its mastery because it was sanctified in everyone 's affections and moral sentiments .
the bishops expected the hallowed [enabled] version to maintain its mastery because it was sanctified in everyone 's affections and moral sentiments .

From that date , all foreign exchange receipts were to be surrendered to authorized banks at the official rates of exchange .
from that date , all foreign exchange receipts were to be surrendered to [enabled] banks at the official rates of exchange .

Marmeladov projects the Christian Revelation on the church-slavonic plane of his and every Russian 's Bible and liturgy , remoter from everyday usage than the English Authorized Version ; and he indulges a maundering drunken account of himself .
marmeladov projects the christian revelation on the church-slavonic plane of his and every russian 's bible and liturgy , remoter from everyday usage than the english [enabled] version ; and he indulges a maundering drunken account of himself .

Stephen Duck 's poetry , for example , appeared in twelve editions before he published an authorized edition .
stephen duck 's poetry , for example , appeared in twelve editions before he published an [enabled] edition .

Samuel Richardson eventually became Duck 's authorized publisher , not to mention Leapor 's .
samuel richardson eventually became duck 's [enabled] publisher , not to mention leapor 's .

In a telegram which he sent to Bismarck , which he authorized his Minister to publish , the King gave an account of what had happened at Ems .
in a telegram which he sent to bismarck , which he [enabled] his minister to publish , the king gave an account of what had happened at ems .

According to Mr Gerald Kaufman Lord Bridge was able to complete his inquiry in five days , after which he was able to report that allegations of improperly authorized interceptions were without foundation .
according to mr gerald kaufman lord bridge was able to complete his inquiry in five days , after which he was able to report that allegations of improperly [enabled] interceptions were without foundation .

In the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on Article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the Klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the German Federal Republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .
in the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the german federal republic where legislation [enabled] telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .

More importantly still , it had provided for the first time an ‘ effective ’ means of redress for those wishing to complain that interception has been improperly authorized .
more importantly still , it had provided for the first time an ‘ effective ’ means of redress for those wishing to complain that interception has been improperly [enabled] .

The statute — which authorizes interception on grounds of national security without defining what is meant by national security — is clearly much wider than the old Home Office guidelines — which authorized warrants on the narrower grounds of ‘ major subversive or espionage activity ’ .
the statute — which authorizes interception on grounds of national security without defining what is meant by national security — is clearly much wider than the old home office guidelines — which [enabled] warrants on the narrower grounds of ‘ major subversive or espionage activity ’ .

Since the start of 1986 , the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 has authorized ‘ road checks ’ under certain conditions .
since the start of 1986 , the police and criminal evidence act 1984 has [enabled] ‘ road checks ’ under certain conditions .

For example , in 1335 the governor of Artois authorized the inhabitants of Aire-sur-la-Lys to build a belfry whose bell would chime the working hours of textile employees .
for example , in 1335 the governor of artois [enabled] the inhabitants of aire-sur-la-lys to build a belfry whose bell would chime the working hours of textile employees .

Even more remarkable was the manner in which the resignation of Leon Brittan , after the Prime Minister 's revelation in the Commons that he had authorized the leak of a confidential letter from Sir Patrick Mayhew , the Solicitor-General to Heseltine , stimulated Mrs Thatcher and her Home Secretary , Douglas Hurd , to deliver in public disquisitions on Cabinet management . At lunchtime on Sunday 26 January 1986 Hurd told Brian Walden in a television interview :
even more remarkable was the manner in which the resignation of leon brittan , after the prime minister 's revelation in the commons that he had [enabled] the leak of a confidential letter from sir patrick mayhew , the solicitor-general to heseltine , stimulated mrs thatcher and her home secretary , douglas hurd , to deliver in public disquisitions on cabinet management . at lunchtime on sunday 26 january 1986 hurd told brian walden in a television interview :

So long as he was successful in that action too , a further thirty days later he was authorized to proceed to execution .
so long as he was successful in that action too , a further thirty days later he was [enabled] to proceed to execution .

By 1914 , there were over 400 Board of Trade exchanges in the United Kingdom dealing with juveniles ; in 44 districts the Board had also authorized JACs , and in 58 districts the LEAs were running their own schemes .
by 1914 , there were over 400 board of trade exchanges in the united kingdom dealing with juveniles ; in 44 districts the board had also [enabled] jacs , and in 58 districts the leas were running their own schemes .

Hall instructed Pennethorne to implement arrangements to purchase the land authorized by the Act and to prepare block plans for Government Offices on the larger site between Parliament Street , Downing Street , Great George Street and the park .
hall instructed pennethorne to implement arrangements to purchase the land [enabled] by the act and to prepare block plans for government offices on the larger site between parliament street , downing street , great george street and the park .

Pennethorne 's scheme had demonstrated the inadequacy of the land authorized under the Downing Street Public Offices Extension Act of 1855 , and consequently Hall now sought powers to purchase compulsorily all the remaining land north of Charles Street between Parliament Street and the park , including a block between King Street and Parliament Street indicated on ‘ Plan no .
pennethorne 's scheme had demonstrated the inadequacy of the land [enabled] under the downing street public offices extension act of 1855 , and consequently hall now sought powers to purchase compulsorily all the remaining land north of charles street between parliament street and the park , including a block between king street and parliament street indicated on ‘ plan no .

At this Pennethorne was instructed to take steps to purchase the remainder of the property authorized under the 1855 Act as soon as possible .
at this pennethorne was instructed to take steps to purchase the remainder of the property [enabled] under the 1855 act as soon as possible .

This crossed with Trevelyan 's letter , so he wrote again on 12th December , pointing out that the £30,000 voted by Parliament was only for a portion of the site authorized and that an additional £80,000 would be required to purchase the whole area .
this crossed with trevelyan 's letter , so he wrote again on 12th december , pointing out that the £30,000 voted by parliament was only for a portion of the site [enabled] and that an additional £80,000 would be required to purchase the whole area .

He said this knowing that the architects were designing for a larger site quite unaware that only a portion had been authorized .
he said this knowing that the architects were designing for a larger site quite unaware that only a portion had been [enabled] .

It had not even completed purchasing all the land authorized under the 1855 Act , and the ‘ small portion ’ it did not own was approximately 1.25 acres ( 0.5 ha . )
it had not even completed purchasing all the land [enabled] under the 1855 act , and the ‘ small portion ’ it did not own was approximately 1.25 acres ( 0.5 ha . )

On the following day , Lewis returned to the position of before the competition , when he said in the House that the land authorized under the 1855 Act ‘ would be sufficient for the site of the two offices which it was now contemplated to erect ’ .
on the following day , lewis returned to the position of before the competition , when he said in the house that the land [enabled] under the 1855 act ‘ would be sufficient for the site of the two offices which it was now contemplated to erect ’ .

The Treasury Lords regarded the rejection of Hall 's Bill ‘ as a virtual abandonment of the whole scheme by the House of Commons ’ , and as the site was now limited to that authorized under the 1855 Act , they did not see why the plan prepared for that site should not be used .
the treasury lords regarded the rejection of hall 's bill ‘ as a virtual abandonment of the whole scheme by the house of commons ’ , and as the site was now limited to that [enabled] under the 1855 act , they did not see why the plan prepared for that site should not be used .

The clearance of the portion of the site already authorized was in hand at this stage , but progressing slowly .
the clearance of the portion of the site already [enabled] was in hand at this stage , but progressing slowly .

In a Supply Debate on the following Thursday , 4th August , the House sitting as a Committee were asked by the Government to vote the £30,000 required for foundations , and £100,000 to purchase land authorized under Manners ' Act .
in a supply debate on the following thursday , 4th august , the house sitting as a committee were asked by the government to vote the £30,000 required for foundations , and £100,000 to purchase land [enabled] under manners ' act .

State inspectors were authorized to attach a “ tenement-made ” tag to garments produced by violators .
state inspectors were [enabled] to attach a “ tenement-made ” tag to garments produced by violators .

The obvious approach was to invent “ Lego World. ” As founding general partner and chief scientist , I duly authorized the expenditure of $ .
the obvious approach was to invent “ lego world. ” as founding general partner and chief scientist , i duly [enabled] the expenditure of $ .

Bring along an extra bag to hold your purchases ; compare prices at home to make sure you find actual bargains ; find out beforehand the names of local authorized dealers , especially if you want to buy high-priced electronic equipment and wish to reduce the risk of purchasing counterfeit merchandise ; and give yourself plenty of time to shop so you can compare prices .
bring along an extra bag to hold your purchases ; compare prices at home to make sure you find actual bargains ; find out beforehand the names of local [enabled] dealers , especially if you want to buy high-priced electronic equipment and wish to reduce the risk of purchasing counterfeit merchandise ; and give yourself plenty of time to shop so you can compare prices .

Construction on Hoover Dam ( originally Boulder Dam , subsequently renamed for the president who authorized the project ) began in 1931 in a canyon 45 miles ( 72 km ) southeast of Las Vegas .
construction on hoover dam ( originally boulder dam , subsequently renamed for the president who [enabled] the project ) began in 1931 in a canyon 45 miles ( 72 km ) southeast of las vegas .

You ’ ll have to confine your viewing to the outside of the old citadel in the harbor , Fort Saint-Louis , unless you ’ re able to obtain special visitor ’ s permission from the French military ( true of all Martinique ’ s forts ) , or happen by during recently authorized — but infrequent — “ visiting hours .
you ’ ll have to confine your viewing to the outside of the old citadel in the harbor , fort saint-louis , unless you ’ re able to obtain special visitor ’ s permission from the french military ( true of all martinique ’ s forts ) , or happen by during recently [enabled] — but infrequent — “ visiting hours .

They agreed ; Modyford issued letters of accreditation which authorized the pirates to act in the name of the British Crown .
they agreed ; modyford issued letters of accreditation which [enabled] the pirates to act in the name of the british crown .

King James I of Aragon authorized the occupation of the islands under forces commanded by Guillermo de Montgri , a solid Catalonian citizen with titular ecclesiastical rank .
king james i of aragon [enabled] the occupation of the islands under forces commanded by guillermo de montgri , a solid catalonian citizen with titular ecclesiastical rank .

Both were left derelict by Norman invaders , and Bishop Maurice de Sully authorized construction of the cathedral to replace them in 1163 .
both were left derelict by norman invaders , and bishop maurice de sully [enabled] construction of the cathedral to replace them in 1163 .

Eight months after Madrid had authorized home rule for Puerto Rico , American troops arrived to take it away .
eight months after madrid had [enabled] home rule for puerto rico , american troops arrived to take it away .

Authorized and knowledgeable tour operators include Vallarta Adventure ( Tel .
[enabled] and knowledgeable tour operators include vallarta adventure ( tel .

Moreover , there was not always a clear distinction between pirates and privateers , the latter officially authorized by their governments to plunder enemy ships during time of war .
moreover , there was not always a clear distinction between pirates and privateers , the latter officially [enabled] by their governments to plunder enemy ships during time of war .

Manzanillo saw considerable growth until the mid-1500s , when , in order to centralize trade , Acapulco was declared the only authorized port in Mexico .
manzanillo saw considerable growth until the mid-1500s , when , in order to centralize trade , acapulco was declared the only [enabled] port in mexico .

A later decree gave Acapulco exclusivity as the only authorized port on the Pacific coast , and for 200 years , it was the unrivaled trading center of Pacific Mexico .
a later decree gave acapulco exclusivity as the only [enabled] port on the pacific coast , and for 200 years , it was the unrivaled trading center of pacific mexico .

Medicare Fee-for-Service Authorized by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act in 1965 , Medicare is the nation 's largest health insurance program handling more than 900 million claims per year on behalf of elderly and disabled individuals at a cost of about $ 214.6 billion in fiscal year 2000 .
medicare fee-for-service [enabled] by title xviii of the social security act in 1965 , medicare is the nation 's largest health insurance program handling more than 900 million claims per year on behalf of elderly and disabled individuals at a cost of about $ 214.6 billion in fiscal year 2000 .

In some instances employees were formally authorized to approve specified dollar levels of program assistance or procurements .
in some instances employees were formally [enabled] to approve specified dollar levels of program assistance or procurements .

For example , FEMA 's public assistance coordinators were authorized to approve up to $ 100,000 in financial assistance to citizens adversely affected by natural disasters or other emergencies .
for example , fema 's public assistance coordinators were [enabled] to approve up to $ 100,000 in financial assistance to citizens adversely affected by natural disasters or other emergencies .

In some cases , IRS employees are authorized to prepare substitute tax returns for taxpayers that did not file or filed a false return .
in some cases , irs employees are [enabled] to prepare substitute tax returns for taxpayers that did not file or filed a false return .

Interest received by Treasury. -- Accounts or funds ( including direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ) may be authorized to borrow from the Treasury or from the Federal Financing Bank ( an entity within Treasury ) or other sources .
interest received by treasury. -- accounts or funds ( including direct loan and guaranteed loan financing accounts ) may be [enabled] to borrow from the treasury or from the federal financing bank ( an entity within treasury ) or other sources .

Narrative Discussion This program was authorized in 19XX ( by P.L .
narrative discussion this program was [enabled] in 19xx ( by p.l .

Narrative Discussion : This program was authorized in 19XX ( by P.L .
narrative discussion : this program was [enabled] in 19xx ( by p.l .

If authorized by law , these sums are credited directly to specific appropriation and fund accounts .
if [enabled] by law , these sums are credited directly to specific appropriation and fund accounts .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is authorized by sections 7 , 10 , 19 , and 27a of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 15 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule is [enabled] by sections 7 , 10 , 19 , and 27a of the securities act of 1933 ( 15 u.s.c .

GMRA authorized OMB , upon proper notification to Congress , to consolidate and simplify management reports .
gmra [enabled] omb , upon proper notification to congress , to consolidate and simplify management reports .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analyses .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures [enabled] by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analyses .

Statutory authorization for the rule The rule was authorized by section 7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , 15 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rule the rule was [enabled] by section 7 of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended , 15 u.s.c .

In addition to the arguments previously advanced by the Vice President « s representatives and addressed in our June 22 letter to the Counsel to the Vice President ( see Enclosure 1 ) , the Vice President « s August 2 letter to the Congress asserts that the study is not authorized by statute because GAO is limited to looking at the ƒresults≈ of programs and that GAO does not have a right of access to documents because the Vice President is not included under the term ƒagency≈ used in GAO « s statute .
in addition to the arguments previously advanced by the vice president « s representatives and addressed in our june 22 letter to the counsel to the vice president ( see enclosure 1 ) , the vice president « s august 2 letter to the congress asserts that the study is not [enabled] by statute because gao is limited to looking at the ƒresults≈ of programs and that gao does not have a right of access to documents because the vice president is not included under the term ƒagency≈ used in gao « s statute .

Description of Records Requested In May 2001 , the Comptroller General authorized this GAO study based on a request from Representatives John D. Dingell and Henry A. Waxman , Ranking Minority Members of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and the House Committee on Government Reform , respectively .
description of records requested in may 2001 , the comptroller general [enabled] this gao study based on a request from representatives john d. dingell and henry a. waxman , ranking minority members of the house committee on energy and commerce and the house committee on government reform , respectively .

However , as we explained in our June 22 , 2001 , letter to the Counsel to the Vice President , our inquiry is authorized by 31 U.S.C .
however , as we explained in our june 22 , 2001 , letter to the counsel to the vice president , our inquiry is [enabled] by 31 u.s.c .

Unless an exemption under section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) is invoked , such as certification by the President or Director of OMB , I am authorized to bring a civil action for judicial enforcement of our access request if full and complete access to the records we are requesting is not provided to GAO within 20 days following the filing of this report .
unless an exemption under section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) is invoked , such as certification by the president or director of omb , i am [enabled] to bring a civil action for judicial enforcement of our access request if full and complete access to the records we are requesting is not provided to gao within 20 days following the filing of this report .

These controls will usually include ( 1 ) certain general controls , such as logical access and control of changes to the data , and ( 2 ) the application controls that help to ensure that the data are accurate and complete , as well as authorized .
these controls will usually include ( 1 ) certain general controls , such as logical access and control of changes to the data , and ( 2 ) the application controls that help to ensure that the data are accurate and complete , as well as [enabled] .

For example , participants stated that the SEC has recently been operating on a budget of about $ 450 million.10 It was noted that although the Senate authorized about $ 750 million for the SEC for fiscal year 2003 , an amount that the Senate believed would be sufficient to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation to restore investor confidence , the Office of Management and Budget only proposed a funding level of about $ 500 million .
for example , participants stated that the sec has recently been operating on a budget of about $ 450 million.10 it was noted that although the senate [enabled] about $ 750 million for the sec for fiscal year 2003 , an amount that the senate believed would be sufficient to implement provisions of the sarbanes-oxley legislation to restore investor confidence , the office of management and budget only proposed a funding level of about $ 500 million .

Agency officials authorized to perform administrative approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and Treasury regulations followed by certifying officers .
agency officials [enabled] to perform administrative approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and treasury regulations followed by certifying officers .

Because certifying officers ' responsibilities cover the payment they authorized , their responsibilities can extend to most aspects of a transaction .
because certifying officers ' responsibilities cover the payment they [enabled] , their responsibilities can extend to most aspects of a transaction .

For example , such approvals could be evidenced by purchase orders signed by an authorized official or travel orders and vouchers signed by supervisors .
for example , such approvals could be evidenced by purchase orders signed by an [enabled] official or travel orders and vouchers signed by supervisors .

Under traditional payment processes , certifying officers reviewed all invoices they authorized for payment .
under traditional payment processes , certifying officers reviewed all invoices they [enabled] for payment .

Although the certifying officers are primarily responsible for payments authorized , the volume of transactions , the geographic dispersion of activities , and the emphasis on prompt payment make it virtually impossible for these individuals to review all invoices before authorizing payment .
although the certifying officers are primarily responsible for payments [enabled] , the volume of transactions , the geographic dispersion of activities , and the emphasis on prompt payment make it virtually impossible for these individuals to review all invoices before authorizing payment .

They are still responsible for making sure that they can rely on the quality of the automated systems to ensure that invoices authorized for payment are legal , proper , valid , and correct .
they are still responsible for making sure that they can rely on the quality of the automated systems to ensure that invoices [enabled] for payment are legal , proper , valid , and correct .

Title 7 , however , does not preclude payment from being authorized without an invoice if adequate internal controls exist to protect the government 's interest .
title 7 , however , does not preclude payment from being [enabled] without an invoice if adequate internal controls exist to protect the government 's interest .

Internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the applicable retention period expires .
internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to [enabled] personnel for [enabled] purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the applicable retention period expires .

Although authorized changes to an image may need to be made , the unaltered copy of the original image should be maintained to facilitate adequate audit trails .
although [enabled] changes to an image may need to be made , the unaltered copy of the original image should be maintained to facilitate adequate audit trails .

The edits could , for example , verify that the travel has been authorized and compare information on the voucher to information on master files to test the validity of the claims ( i.e. , that the claims were proper , legal , and accurate ) .
the edits could , for example , verify that the travel has been [enabled] and compare information on the voucher to information on master files to test the validity of the claims ( i.e. , that the claims were proper , legal , and accurate ) .

While the first purpose would be achieved through the electronic edits proposed in Page 28 GAO/AIMD21.3.2 ( 5/00 ) the design , we were concerned that payment would be authorized before verifying that the travel actually took place .
while the first purpose would be achieved through the electronic edits proposed in page 28 gao/aimd21.3.2 ( 5/00 ) the design , we were concerned that payment would be [enabled] before verifying that the travel actually took place .

We did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual FMFIA review .
we did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that [enabled] trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual fmfia review .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is authorized by sections 4 ( i ) , 303 ( c ) , 303 ( f ) , 303 ( g ) and 303 ( r ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended .
statutory authorization for the rule the final rule is [enabled] by sections 4 ( i ) , 303 ( c ) , 303 ( f ) , 303 ( g ) and 303 ( r ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended .

In addition , the agency will require an authorized Mexican government official to certify that pork exported from Sonora GAO/OGC-97-43 not have been in contact with pork from any region having more than a slight risk for hog cholera .
in addition , the agency will require an [enabled] mexican government official to certify that pork exported from sonora gao/ogc-97-43 not have been in contact with pork from any region having more than a slight risk for hog cholera .

APHIS performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing Page 3 GAO/OGC-97-43 or disseminating hog cholera disease agents into the United States and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .
aphis performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or [enabled] by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing page 3 gao/ogc-97-43 or disseminating hog cholera disease agents into the united states and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .

L. 103-413 ) authorized the Departments to jointly promulgate regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the Federal Tort Claims Act , the Contract Disputes Act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the Act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .
l. 103-413 ) [enabled] the departments to jointly promulgate regulations limited solely to self-determination contracts or the approval , award or declination of such contract regarding the federal tort claims act , the contract disputes act , declination and waiver procedures , appeal procedures , reassumption procedures , discretionary grant procedures , property donation procedures , internal agency procedures relating to implementation of the act , retrocession and tribal organization relinquishment procedures , contract proposal contents , conflicts of interest , construction , programmatic reports and data requirements , procurement standards , property management standards and financial management standards .

Statutory authorization for the rules The Corporation is authorized under 5 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rules the corporation is [enabled] under 5 u.s.c .

APHIS performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or authorized by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing or disseminating foot and mouth disease into the United States and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .
aphis performed an environmental assessment and determined that the actions required or [enabled] by this rule will not present a significant risk of introducing or disseminating foot and mouth disease into the united states and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .

NRCS states that the program was authorized at $ 1.3 billion for the period FY 1996 through FY 2002 , with annual amounts of $ 200 million after the initial interim year of $ 130 million .
nrcs states that the program was [enabled] at $ 1.3 billion for the period fy 1996 through fy 2002 , with annual amounts of $ 200 million after the initial interim year of $ 130 million .

Such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis in a separate limited official-use report which is restricted to only persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .
such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis in a separate limited official-use report which is restricted to only persons [enabled] by law or regulation to receive it .

Auditors should also send copies of the reports to other officials who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .
auditors should also send copies of the reports to other officials who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others [enabled] to receive such reports .

Such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis only to persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .
such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis only to persons [enabled] by law or regulation to receive it .

Auditors should also send copies of the reports to other officials GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .
auditors should also send copies of the reports to other officials gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others [enabled] to receive such reports .

Other potential users of the auditors ' report include government legislators or officials ( other than those who may have authorized or requested the audit ) , the media , interest groups , and individual citizens .
other potential users of the auditors ' report include government legislators or officials ( other than those who may have [enabled] or requested the audit ) , the media , interest groups , and individual citizens .

In such circumstances , auditors may issue a separate limited official use report containing such information and distribute the report only to persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .
in such circumstances , auditors may issue a separate limited official use report containing such information and distribute the report only to persons [enabled] by law or regulation to receive it .

Copies of the reports should also be sent to other officials who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others authorized to receive such reports .
copies of the reports should also be sent to other officials who have legal oversight authority or who may be responsible for acting on audit findings and recommendations and to others [enabled] to receive such reports .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures [enabled] by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .

Warren applauded the passage in 1945 of the Government Corporation Control Act , which authorized the auditing of wholly owned government corporations and mixed ownership corporations .
warren applauded the passage in 1945 of the government corporation control act , which [enabled] the auditing of wholly owned government corporations and mixed ownership corporations .

To achieve this objective , management should have in place an internal control system that provides reasonable assurance that ( 1 ) T & A transactions are properly authorized and approved and ( 2 ) T & A data are completely and accurately recorded and retained .
to achieve this objective , management should have in place an internal control system that provides reasonable assurance that ( 1 ) t & a transactions are properly [enabled] and approved and ( 2 ) t & a data are completely and accurately recorded and retained .

T & A Transactions Are Properly Authorized and Approved The nature and extent of T & A transaction approvals and controls can vary among T & A systems .
t & a transactions are properly [enabled] and approved the nature and extent of t & a transaction approvals and controls can vary among t & a systems .

Access to T & A Information Access to T & A information should be limited to those authorized to access the information .
access to t & a information access to t & a information should be limited to those [enabled] to access the information .

Approval of T & A Reports and Related Records All T & A reports and related supporting documents ( e.g. , overtime pay authorizations ) must be reviewed and approved by an authorized official .
approval of t & a reports and related records all t & a reports and related supporting documents ( e.g. , overtime pay authorizations ) must be reviewed and approved by an [enabled] official .

In these situations , an official authorized by the agency head ( or designee ) must grant advance authority in writing , and the agency must ensure that effective controls are in place to ensure the proper reporting of T & A data .
in these situations , an official [enabled] by the agency head ( or designee ) must grant advance authority in writing , and the agency must ensure that effective controls are in place to ensure the proper reporting of t & a data .

The changed data must also be reviewed by and approved by an authorized official .
the changed data must also be reviewed by and approved by an [enabled] official .

Service members may not approve their own absence reports unless prior authority to do so is granted in writing by an authorized official .
service members may not approve their own absence reports unless prior authority to do so is granted in writing by an [enabled] official .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures [enabled] by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .

As authorized by the 2000 legislation , employee performance was just one of many factors we considered when deciding which employees would be allowed to receive the incentives .
as [enabled] by the 2000 legislation , employee performance was just one of many factors we considered when deciding which employees would be allowed to receive the incentives .

Transactions and other significant events should be authorized and executed only by persons acting within the scope of their authority .
transactions and other significant events should be [enabled] and executed only by persons acting within the scope of their authority .

Access to resources and records should be limited to authorized individuals , and accountability for their custody and use should be assigned and maintained .
access to resources and records should be limited to [enabled] individuals , and accountability for their custody and use should be assigned and maintained .

NIH has developed a multiple agency , shared file system that allows all authorized users to have access to the completed contractor performance evaluations of all subscribing agencies via the Internet .
nih has developed a multiple agency , shared file system that allows all [enabled] users to have access to the completed contractor performance evaluations of all subscribing agencies via the internet .

Page 58 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks c. Regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to ensure that the agency does not exceed its authorized level of total expenditures .
page 58 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks c. regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to ensure that the agency does not exceed its [enabled] level of total expenditures .

Restricted versions of products that contain sensitive information are distributed only to recipients who are authorized by statute or regulation to receive the products , have a need to know , or both .
restricted versions of products that contain sensitive information are distributed only to recipients who are [enabled] by statute or regulation to receive the products , have a need to know , or both .

While for the most part , agencies have provided GAO with requested information within agreed-upon time frames , the following sections describe the steps GAO is authorized to follow if it believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining the requested access .
while for the most part , agencies have provided gao with requested information within agreed-upon time frames , the following sections describe the steps gao is [enabled] to follow if it believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining the requested access .

GAO is also authorized to inspect an agency 's records to secure the required information .
gao is also [enabled] to inspect an agency 's records to secure the required information .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures [enabled] by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis the commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures [enabled] by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analysis .

Imagine we now have been asked to examine in more detail what explains differences among states in `` missing returns , '' since cumulatively the effect is to make states look poorer than they actually would be if they collected revenues authorized by their own legislatures .
imagine we now have been asked to examine in more detail what explains differences among states in `` missing returns , '' since cumulatively the effect is to make states look poorer than they actually would be if they collected revenues [enabled] by their own legislatures .

Second , the Assets for Independence Act of 1998 authorized federal funding for a 5-year demonstration project to evaluate the effectiveness of matching incentives for certain low-income savers .
second , the assets for independence act of 1998 [enabled] federal funding for a 5-year demonstration project to evaluate the effectiveness of matching incentives for certain low-income savers .

The Assets for Independence Act of 1998 authorized federal funding for a 5-year demonstration project to evaluate the effectiveness of matching incentives for low-income savers .
the assets for independence act of 1998 [enabled] federal funding for a 5-year demonstration project to evaluate the effectiveness of matching incentives for low-income savers .

For the reasons set forth below , we conclude that Congress has not authorized judicial review of these claims .
for the reasons set forth below , we conclude that congress has not [enabled] judicial review of these claims .

The statute in Rust authorized grants for the provision of family planning services , but provided that `` [ n ] one of the funds .
the statute in rust [enabled] grants for the provision of family planning services , but provided that `` [ n ] one of the funds .

Upon such request , the President could also convene a face-to-face meeting with the authorized representatives of the recipient .
upon such request , the president could also convene a face-to-face meeting with the [enabled] representatives of the recipient .

The Erlenborn Commission was authorized by a resolution of the Corporation 's Board of Directors on November 16 , 1998 , to study the presence requirement in the Corporation 's statutory restriction on the representation of eligible aliens .
the erlenborn commission was [enabled] by a resolution of the corporation 's board of directors on november 16 , 1998 , to study the presence requirement in the corporation 's statutory restriction on the representation of eligible aliens .

Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be [enabled] so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .

For H-2A workers , representation is authorized if the workers have been admitted to and have been present in the United States pursuant to an H-2A contract , and the representation arises under their H-2A contract .
for h-2a workers , representation is [enabled] if the workers have been admitted to and have been present in the united states pursuant to an h-2a contract , and the representation arises under their h-2a contract .

LSC grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to depart the United States prior to or during the course of the representation .
lsc grantees are [enabled] to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to depart the united states prior to or during the course of the representation .

Thus , in section 305 of IRCA , Congress specifically authorized LSC-funded representation for H-2A workers on matters pertaining to their employment contract .
thus , in section 305 of irca , congress specifically [enabled] lsc-funded representation for h-2a workers on matters pertaining to their employment contract .

They also point to the differences between the representation authorized for the unrestricted categories and H-2A workers : for the former , grantees may represent eligible aliens on all matters ; for the latter , representation is restricted to matters arising under the employment contract .
they also point to the differences between the representation [enabled] for the unrestricted categories and h-2a workers : for the former , grantees may represent eligible aliens on all matters ; for the latter , representation is restricted to matters arising under the employment contract .

Their authorized stay in the United States depends upon the terms of their employment contract ; and they are required to leave the United States within 10 days of the end of their contract .
their [enabled] stay in the united states depends upon the terms of their employment contract ; and they are required to leave the united states within 10 days of the end of their contract .

Thus , prior to FY 1984 , LSC recipients were authorized to represent aliens who were legal residents of the United States regardless of whether the alien was absent from the United States during some part of the representation .
thus , prior to fy 1984 , lsc recipients were [enabled] to represent aliens who were legal residents of the united states regardless of whether the alien was absent from the united states during some part of the representation .

H-2A Representation In 1986 , Congress passed the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 , which expressly authorized LSC recipients to provide legal assistance to H-2A workers and Special Agricultural Workers ( SAWS ) .
h-2a representation in 1986 , congress passed the immigration reform and control act of 1986 , which expressly [enabled] lsc recipients to provide legal assistance to h-2a workers and special agricultural workers ( saws ) .

Congress must also be presumed to have authorized the representation with knowledge of the presence requirement in the Corporation 's appropriations act .
congress must also be presumed to have [enabled] the representation with knowledge of the presence requirement in the corporation 's appropriations act .

All of these aliens are legally authorized to leave and re-enter the United States .
all of these aliens are legally [enabled] to leave and re-enter the united states .

The record establishes that , with the exception of the most minor and undisputed claims , none of the employment claims for which Congress authorized representation can be completed during the brief period that the H-2A worker is in the country , even if the claim arose early during the worker 's stay and the worker was immediately able to contact legal services .
the record establishes that , with the exception of the most minor and undisputed claims , none of the employment claims for which congress [enabled] representation can be completed during the brief period that the h-2a worker is in the country , even if the claim arose early during the worker 's stay and the worker was immediately able to contact legal services .

As the record shows , it is not uncommon for H-2A workers to contact legal services for the first time as they board the bus on the way home , and an interpretation that LSC representation is available only while the alien is physically present creates the prospect that Congress authorized legal services attorneys to represent such H-2A workers only during the bus ride to the border .
as the record shows , it is not uncommon for h-2a workers to contact legal services for the first time as they board the bus on the way home , and an interpretation that lsc representation is available only while the alien is physically present creates the prospect that congress [enabled] legal services attorneys to represent such h-2a workers only during the bus ride to the border .

CONCLUSION : THE MEANING OF THE PRESENCE REQUIREMENT Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
conclusion : the meaning of the presence requirement together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be [enabled] so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .

For H-2A workers , representation is authorized if the workers have been admitted to and have been present in the United States pursuant to an H-2A contract , and the representation arises under their H-2A contract .
for h-2a workers , representation is [enabled] if the workers have been admitted to and have been present in the united states pursuant to an h-2a contract , and the representation arises under their h-2a contract .

LSC grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to depart the United States prior to or during the course of the representation .
lsc grantees are [enabled] to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to depart the united states prior to or during the course of the representation .

Although stripped of any funding mechanism , the bill authorized the establishment the Illinois Equal Justice Foundation to receive and distribute any money appropriated by the legislature .
although stripped of any funding mechanism , the bill [enabled] the establishment the illinois equal justice foundation to receive and distribute any money appropriated by the legislature .

Sources would be allowed to transfer these authorized emission limits among themselves to achieve the required reductions for all three pollutants at the lowest overall cost .
sources would be allowed to transfer these [enabled] emission limits among themselves to achieve the required reductions for all three pollutants at the lowest overall cost .

Commission Review of Proposed Changes in Domestic Mail Classifications Prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the Post Office Department was codified as part of Title 39.3 The Reorganization Act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the Governors of the Postal Service establish , and the Postal Rate Commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the Domestic Mail Classification Schedule ( or `` DMCS '' ) .4 Section 3621 of Title 39 provides that `` the Governors are authorized to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .
commission review of proposed changes in domestic mail classifications prior to 1970 , the array of mail services provided by the post office department was codified as part of title 39.3 the reorganization act replaced this statutory codification of postal services with an administrative process in which the governors of the postal service establish , and the postal rate commission reviews proposed changes in , the terms and conditions of postal services , which are compiled as the domestic mail classification schedule ( or `` dmcs '' ) .4 section 3621 of title 39 provides that `` the governors are [enabled] to establish reasonable and equitable classes of mail .

Section 403 ( c ) of Title 39 directs that : In providing services and in establishing classifications , rates , and fees under this title , the Postal Service shall not , except as specifically authorized in this title , make any undue or unreasonable discrimination among users of the mails , nor shall it grant any undue or unreasonable preferences to any such user .
section 403 ( c ) of title 39 directs that : in providing services and in establishing classifications , rates , and fees under this title , the postal service shall not , except as specifically [enabled] in this title , make any undue or unreasonable discrimination among users of the mails , nor shall it grant any undue or unreasonable preferences to any such user .

The proponent and one other mailer took the position that the Postal Service is authorized to enter into such contracts , provided the procedural requirement of review under Chapter 36 is observed .
the proponent and one other mailer took the position that the postal service is [enabled] to enter into such contracts , provided the procedural requirement of review under chapter 36 is observed .

Conclusion : Rate and service adjustments agreed upon by the Postal Service and mailers are legally authorized if three conditions are satisfied : ❶ The proposal is reviewed in a public proceeding , as the Reorganization Act requires ; ❷ The agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole ; and 15 Docket No .
conclusion : rate and service adjustments agreed upon by the postal service and mailers are legally [enabled] if three conditions are satisfied : ❶ the proposal is reviewed in a public proceeding , as the reorganization act requires ; ❷ the agreed-upon rate and service changes will work to the mutual benefit of mail users and the postal system as a whole ; and 15 docket no .

Mihdhar 's decision to strand Hazmi in San Diego enraged KSM , who had not authorized the departure and feared it would compromise the plan .
mihdhar 's decision to strand hazmi in san diego enraged ksm , who had not [enabled] the departure and feared it would compromise the plan .

During the millennium crisis , Attorney General Reno authorized electronic surveillance of three U.S. persons overseas .
during the millennium crisis , attorney general reno [enabled] electronic surveillance of three u.s. persons overseas .

Because of the complexity of determining whether particular reporting was the fruit of particular surveillances , NSA decided to place these caveats on all its Bin Ladin-related reporting , not just reporting on the surveillances authorized by Reno .
because of the complexity of determining whether particular reporting was the fruit of particular surveillances , nsa decided to place these caveats on all its bin ladin-related reporting , not just reporting on the surveillances [enabled] by reno .

For a general history of the FBI , supporting the subsequent text ( unless otherwise noted ) , see Athan G. Theoharis , et al. , The FBI : A Comprehensive Reference Guide ( Onyx Press , 1999 ) ; the FBI 's authorized history , FBI report , `` History of the FBI '' ( online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm ) ; the FBI 's history as told by the Federation of American Scientists , `` History of the FBI , '' updated June 18 , 2003 ( online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm ) .
for a general history of the fbi , supporting the subsequent text ( unless otherwise noted ) , see athan g. theoharis , et al. , the fbi : a comprehensive reference guide ( onyx press , 1999 ) ; the fbi 's [enabled] history , fbi report , `` history of the fbi '' ( online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm ) ; the fbi 's history as told by the federation of american scientists , `` history of the fbi , '' updated june 18 , 2003 ( online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm ) .

These caveats were initially created at the direction of Attorney General Reno and applied solely to reports of information gathered from three specific surveillances she had authorized .
these caveats were initially created at the direction of attorney general reno and applied solely to reports of information gathered from three specific surveillances she had [enabled] .

Because NSA decided it was administratively too difficult to determine whether particular reports derived from the specific surveillances authorized by the attorney general , NSA decided to place this caveat on all its terrorism-related reports .
because nsa decided it was administratively too difficult to determine whether particular reports derived from the specific surveillances [enabled] by the attorney general , nsa decided to place this caveat on all its terrorism-related reports .

The FBI had spied on a wide range of political figures , especially individuals whom Hoover wanted to discredit ( notably the Reverend Martin Luther King , Jr. ) , and had authorized unlawful wiretaps and surveillance .
the fbi had spied on a wide range of political figures , especially individuals whom hoover wanted to discredit ( notably the reverend martin luther king , jr. ) , and had [enabled] unlawful wiretaps and surveillance .

In 1986 , Congress authorized the FBI to investigate terrorist attacks against Americans that occur outside the United States .
in 1986 , congress [enabled] the fbi to investigate terrorist attacks against americans that occur outside the united states .

New laws in 1996 authorized the use of classified evidence in removal hearings , but the INS removed only a handful of the aliens with links to terrorist activity ( none identified as associated with al Qaeda ) using classified evidence .
new laws in 1996 [enabled] the use of classified evidence in removal hearings , but the ins removed only a handful of the aliens with links to terrorist activity ( none identified as associated with al qaeda ) using classified evidence .

Recent wars have been waged and won decisively by brave men and women using advanced technology that was developed , authorized , and paid for by conscientious and diligent executive and legislative branch leaders many years earlier .
recent wars have been waged and won decisively by brave men and women using advanced technology that was developed , [enabled] , and paid for by conscientious and diligent executive and legislative branch leaders many years earlier .

The first President Bush had authorized the use of U.S. military forces to ensure humanitarian relief in war-torn Somalia .
the first president bush had [enabled] the use of u.s. military forces to ensure humanitarian relief in war-torn somalia .

A total of 32 such National Guard teams were authorized by fiscal year 2001 .
a total of 32 such national guard teams were [enabled] by fiscal year 2001 .

The CIA must bring presidentially authorized covert action Findings and Memoranda of Notification to the Intelligence committees , and it must detail its failures .
the cia must bring presidentially [enabled] covert action findings and memoranda of notification to the intelligence committees , and it must detail its failures .

There are often sharp arguments about individual programs and internal priorities , but by and large the overall funding authorized and appropriated by the Congress comes out close to the president 's request .
there are often sharp arguments about individual programs and internal priorities , but by and large the overall funding [enabled] and appropriated by the congress comes out close to the president 's request .

A 1986 presidential finding had authorized worldwide covert action against terrorism and probably provided adequate authority .
a 1986 presidential finding had [enabled] worldwide covert action against terrorism and probably provided adequate authority .

The memorandum also authorized the CIA to attack Bin Ladin in other ways .
the memorandum also [enabled] the cia to attack bin ladin in other ways .

Early drafts of this highly sensitive document emphasized that it authorized only a capture operation .
early drafts of this highly sensitive document emphasized that it [enabled] only a capture operation .

A message from Tenet to CIA field agents directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions authorized by the President : the United States preferred that Bin Ladin and his lieutenants be captured , but if a successful capture operation was not feasible , the tribals were permitted to kill them .
a message from tenet to cia field agents directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions [enabled] by the president : the united states preferred that bin ladin and his lieutenants be captured , but if a successful capture operation was not feasible , the tribals were permitted to kill them .

Tenet told the Commission that except in one specific case ( discussed later ) , the CIA was authorized to kill Bin Ladin only in the context of a capture operation .
tenet told the commission that except in one specific case ( discussed later ) , the cia was [enabled] to kill bin ladin only in the context of a capture operation .

Later in 1999 , when legal authority was needed for enlisting still other collaborators and for covering a wider set of contingencies , the lawyers returned to the language used in August 1998 , which authorized force only in the context of a capture operation .
later in 1999 , when legal authority was needed for enlisting still other collaborators and for covering a wider set of contingencies , the lawyers returned to the language used in august 1998 , which [enabled] force only in the context of a capture operation .

Given the closely held character of the document approved in December 1998 , and the subsequent return to the earlier language , it is possible to understand how the former White House officials and the CIA officials might disagree as to whether the CIA was ever authorized by the President to kill Bin Ladin .
given the closely held character of the document approved in december 1998 , and the subsequent return to the earlier language , it is possible to understand how the former white house officials and the cia officials might disagree as to whether the cia was ever [enabled] by the president to kill bin ladin .

In July 1999 , President Clinton authorized the CIA to work with several governments to capture Bin Ladin , and extended the scope of efforts to Bin Ladin 's principal lieutenants .
in july 1999 , president clinton [enabled] the cia to work with several governments to capture bin ladin , and extended the scope of efforts to bin ladin 's principal lieutenants .

The President reportedly also authorized a covert action under carefully limited circumstances which , if successful , would have resulted in Bin Ladin 's death .
the president reportedly also [enabled] a covert action under carefully limited circumstances which , if successful , would have resulted in bin ladin 's death .

He told investigators that as a CIA analyst , he was not authorized to answer FBI questions regarding CIA information . ''
he told investigators that as a cia analyst , he was not [enabled] to answer fbi questions regarding cia information . ''

Shortly thereafter , President Bush authorized broad new authorities for the CIA .
shortly thereafter , president bush [enabled] broad new authorities for the cia .

The CIA should retain responsibility for the direction and execution of clandestine and covert operations , as assigned by the relevant national intelligence center and authorized by the National Intelligence Director and the president .
the cia should retain responsibility for the direction and execution of clandestine and covert operations , as assigned by the relevant national intelligence center and [enabled] by the national intelligence director and the president .

In addition , in 1998-99 President Clinton was preparing the government for possible war against Serbia , and he had authorized major air strikes against Iraq .
in addition , in 1998-99 president clinton was preparing the government for possible war against serbia , and he had [enabled] major air strikes against iraq .

Each president considered or authorized covert actions , a process that consumed considerable time-especially in the Clinton administration- and achieved little success beyond the collection of intelligence .
each president considered or [enabled] covert actions , a process that consumed considerable time-especially in the clinton administration- and achieved little success beyond the collection of intelligence .

There was no indication that this MON authorized kill authority , although lethal force could be used in self-defense .
there was no indication that this mon [enabled] kill authority , although lethal force could be used in self-defense .

On June 29 , 2000 , the President authorized raising the CIA 's covert action funding ceiling .
on june 29 , 2000 , the president [enabled] raising the cia 's covert action funding ceiling .

OFAC subsequently authorized the unfreezing of those accounts .
ofac subsequently [enabled] the unfreezing of those accounts .

Congress had authorized the Alien Terrorist Removal Court at the request of the Justice Department in 1996 , and it was established in 1997 .
congress had [enabled] the alien terrorist removal court at the request of the justice department in 1996 , and it was established in 1997 .

On May 2 , Atta and two unidentified companions appeared at the Miami District Immigration Office , where an inspector reduced Atta 's authorized length of stay by two months , correcting the mistake made back in January .
on may 2 , atta and two unidentified companions appeared at the miami district immigration office , where an inspector reduced atta 's [enabled] length of stay by two months , correcting the mistake made back in january .

He recalled feeling that it did no good to establish the CAP unless the pilots had instructions on whether they were authorized to shoot if the plane would not divert .
he recalled feeling that it did no good to establish the cap unless the pilots had instructions on whether they were [enabled] to shoot if the plane would not divert .

The President emphasized to us that he had authorized the shootdown of hijacked aircraft .
the president emphasized to us that he had [enabled] the shootdown of hijacked aircraft .

The Vice President authorized fighter aircraft to engage the inbound plane .
the vice president [enabled] fighter aircraft to engage the inbound plane .

On Air Force One , the President 's press secretary was taking notes ; Ari Fleischer recorded that at 10:20 , the President told him that he had authorized a shootdown of aircraft if necessary .
on air force one , the president 's press secretary was taking notes ; ari fleischer recorded that at 10:20 , the president told him that he had [enabled] a shootdown of aircraft if necessary .

For example , ClinicalTrials.gov , a registry authorized by the Food and Drug Modernization Act of 1997 , appears not to be comprehensive .
for example , clinicaltrials.gov , a registry [enabled] by the food and drug modernization act of 1997 , appears not to be comprehensive .

Dr. Mirsky is retiring as a faculty member in May , 1994 , and Dean Stocum has authorized the hiring of two new assistant professors .
dr. mirsky is retiring as a faculty member in may , 1994 , and dean stocum has [enabled] the hiring of two new assistant professors .

It opens in Moscow , where President Marshall delivers a major speech explaining why he authorized American troops to capture Gen. Radek , the tyrannical leader of Kazakhstan .
it opens in moscow , where president marshall delivers a major speech explaining why he [enabled] american troops to capture gen. radek , the tyrannical leader of kazakhstan .

The papers report that even though Milosevic agreed to back out of Kosovo , NATO yesterday authorized airstrikes against him that could begin in four days if he does n't actually do that .
the papers report that even though milosevic agreed to back out of kosovo , nato yesterday [enabled] airstrikes against him that could begin in four days if he does n't actually do that .

President Clinton authorized pilots to attack air defense sites unrelated to those that have threatened their planes .
president clinton [enabled] pilots to attack air defense sites unrelated to those that have threatened their planes .

The Clinton administration authorized the Pentagon to engage in dialogue with Taiwan 's armed forces to an extent unprecedented since 1979 .
the clinton administration [enabled] the pentagon to engage in dialogue with taiwan 's armed forces to an extent unprecedented since 1979 .

Al Gore has recently declared his support for faith-based social services -- publicly funded social-service programs delivered by sectarian institutions -- which were championed by conservative Republican Senator John Ashcroft three years ago and expressly authorized by the Clinton welfare bill .
al gore has recently declared his support for faith-based social services -- publicly funded social-service programs delivered by sectarian institutions -- which were championed by conservative republican senator john ashcroft three years ago and expressly [enabled] by the clinton welfare bill .

Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles authorized three senior officials -- John Podesta , Rahm Emanuel , and Doug Sosnik -- to try to draw up a common agenda with the House and Senate minority leaders , Dick Gephardt and Tom Daschle .
chief of staff erskine bowles [enabled] three senior officials -- john podesta , rahm emanuel , and doug sosnik -- to try to draw up a common agenda with the house and senate minority leaders , dick gephardt and tom daschle .

Many recipients did , but at least a few questioned whether this was an authorized request for money , or a hoax .
many recipients did , but at least a few questioned whether this was an [enabled] request for money , or a hoax .

A traditional direct mail solicitation usually contains legal reassurances that the solicitation is authorized ( and the cost of postage makes an unauthorized mailing an expensive proposition ) , which some e-mail solicitations currently lack .
a traditional direct mail solicitation usually contains legal reassurances that the solicitation is [enabled] ( and the cost of postage makes an unauthorized mailing an expensive proposition ) , which some e-mail solicitations currently lack .

Annan argues that any use of force in international affairs is illegitimate unless authorized by the Security Council .
annan argues that any use of force in international affairs is illegitimate unless [enabled] by the security council .

The House authorized states to decide whether to let the Ten Commandments be displayed in public schools .
the house [enabled] states to decide whether to let the ten commandments be displayed in public schools .

According to whistleblower calls PETA has received from EPA employees , the HPV program is taking much needed resources from important , effective ( and authorized ) EPA programs .
according to whistleblower calls peta has received from epa employees , the hpv program is taking much needed resources from important , effective ( and [enabled] ) epa programs .

Because of a shortage of human organs , the government has authorized research into the use of pigs for transplants , and Britain already has a herd of `` humanized '' pigs at the ready .
because of a shortage of human organs , the government has [enabled] research into the use of pigs for transplants , and britain already has a herd of `` humanized '' pigs at the ready .

Only 2 percent have been granted political asylum , and few are authorized to work .
only 2 percent have been granted political asylum , and few are [enabled] to work .

In the end , the book was , as Bellow took to describing it , `` neither authorized nor unauthorized . ''
in the end , the book was , as bellow took to describing it , `` neither [enabled] nor unauthorized . ''

In an interview , the authorized biographer concedes that he did n't investigate thoroughly : `` Arthur Schlesinger once told me that he had dirt on Reagan buried in his filing system .
in an interview , the [enabled] biographer concedes that he did n't investigate thoroughly : `` arthur schlesinger once told me that he had dirt on reagan buried in his filing system .

The police explanation of these killings is often that the suspects died `` in cross-fire '' during street battles with criminal gangs , but Pakistani lawyers and human rights groups say the killings are deliberate and authorized by Sharif 's government , the Guardian said .
the police explanation of these killings is often that the suspects died `` in cross-fire '' during street battles with criminal gangs , but pakistani lawyers and human rights groups say the killings are deliberate and [enabled] by sharif 's government , the guardian said .

The Internet `` e-rate '' subsidies , as they 're known , were authorized under the 1996 Telecommunications Act and are funded with new taxes on long-distance telephone companies , the size of each company 's contribution depending on its market share .
the internet `` e-rate '' subsidies , as they 're known , were [enabled] under the 1996 telecommunications act and are funded with new taxes on long-distance telephone companies , the size of each company 's contribution depending on its market share .

Smith believes that the Catholic League , which is authorized by neither the Church nor the Vatican , was looking for an excuse to attack Disney that particular week .
smith believes that the catholic league , which is [enabled] by neither the church nor the vatican , was looking for an excuse to attack disney that particular week .

In fact , the EU is struggling with language issues , having authorized a set of official languages and having gone on record as supporting a variety of local languages as well .
in fact , the eu is struggling with language issues , having [enabled] a set of official languages and having gone on record as supporting a variety of local languages as well .

Furthermore , the `` trial judge '' is authorized to `` remove '' any juror during the trial , `` whenever facts are presented which convince [ the ] trial judge that [ the ] juror 's ability to perform his duty as juror is impaired . ''
furthermore , the `` trial judge '' is [enabled] to `` remove '' any juror during the trial , `` whenever facts are presented which convince [ the ] trial judge that [ the ] juror 's ability to perform his duty as juror is impaired . ''

Clinton authorized the attack because Saddam had halted the weapons inspections .
clinton [enabled] the attack because saddam had halted the weapons inspections .

Since reporters ca n't confirm that Clinton 's agents authorized the settlement proposal , the dispute between Jones and her lawyers is being portrayed strictly as chaos within her camp .
since reporters ca n't confirm that clinton 's agents [enabled] the settlement proposal , the dispute between jones and her lawyers is being portrayed strictly as chaos within her camp .

Chinese leaders authorized the constitutional endorsement of economic privatization , and are considering political reforms that could gradually extend elections from the local to the national level .
chinese leaders [enabled] the constitutional endorsement of economic privatization , and are considering political reforms that could gradually extend elections from the local to the national level .

The 1923 border was acknowledged internationally after the League of Nations 1922 Mandate for Palestine authorized Britain to set up a Jewish homeland west of the Jordan River .
the 1923 border was acknowledged internationally after the league of nations 1922 mandate for palestine [enabled] britain to set up a jewish homeland west of the jordan river .

Though he describes himself as being `` to the right of Attila the Hun on crime , '' he authorized the Willie Hortenesque early parole of more than 700 sex offenders in 1992 .
though he describes himself as being `` to the right of attila the hun on crime , '' he [enabled] the willie hortenesque early parole of more than 700 sex offenders in 1992 .

Under the main front-page headline `` Clinton Bombed Civilians on Purpose , '' the liberal Observer of London reported Sunday that the president knew he was bombing a civilian target when he authorized the U.S. attack on a Sudan chemical plant last week .
under the main front-page headline `` clinton bombed civilians on purpose , '' the liberal observer of london reported sunday that the president knew he was bombing a civilian target when he [enabled] the u.s. attack on a sudan chemical plant last week .

Only 11 people would be authorized to proceed beyond this point up the emergency staircase to the presidential suite .
only 11 people would be [enabled] to proceed beyond this point up the emergency staircase to the presidential suite .

Quoting a military manual leaked to the Jakarta Post , the paper said platoon leaders have been authorized to use live ammunition `` in self-defense to cripple rioters who are clearly threatening to kill others [ or to ] cause heavy material damage . ''
quoting a military manual leaked to the jakarta post , the paper said platoon leaders have been [enabled] to use live ammunition `` in self-defense to cripple rioters who are clearly threatening to kill others [ or to ] cause heavy material damage . ''

Inside Ms. , as you might expect of an `` authorized '' account of the magazine , prefers to think of it as a Historic Event .
inside ms. , as you might expect of an `` [enabled] '' account of the magazine , prefers to think of it as a historic event .

Once authorized , that independent counsel will follow the money back to the White House and investigate the phone calls anyway , Page explained .
once [enabled] , that independent counsel will follow the money back to the white house and investigate the phone calls anyway , page explained .

The bad news is that when the search results came up , there was no indication that anyone during those five days used the results to visit Gore 's authorized site .
the bad news is that when the search results came up , there was no indication that anyone during those five days used the results to visit gore 's [enabled] site .

The WSJ and the WP report that Kodak is set to announce a deal with AOL designed help the film manufacturer counteract inroads on its business being made by computerized photography : You bring your film into a Kodak authorized developer and the snaps are returned digitally to your AOL account .
the wsj and the wp report that kodak is set to announce a deal with aol designed help the film manufacturer counteract inroads on its business being made by computerized photography : you bring your film into a kodak [enabled] developer and the snaps are returned digitally to your aol account .

A three-judge panel , reported both the Post and Los Angeles Times , has authorized Starr to explore charges that Clinton and his close friend Vernon Jordan persuaded the intern , Monica Lewinsky , to deny that she had had a year-and-a-half-long affair with the president after she had detailed the relationship in 10 conversations with Linda Tripp .
a three-judge panel , reported both the post and los angeles times , has [enabled] starr to explore charges that clinton and his close friend vernon jordan persuaded the intern , monica lewinsky , to deny that she had had a year-and-a-half-long affair with the president after she had detailed the relationship in 10 conversations with linda tripp .

To some , such as Stephan Lesher , who wrote the authorized biography George Wallace : American Populist , that interpretation is crude .
to some , such as stephan lesher , who wrote the [enabled] biography george wallace : american populist , that interpretation is crude .

While accounts conflict about whether Wallace authorized the troopers ' use of force , the film 's portrayal of his reaction is consistent with the record .
while accounts conflict about whether wallace [enabled] the troopers ' use of force , the film 's portrayal of his reaction is consistent with the record .

In 1996 , against the rules , he buzzed Del Rio below 3,000 feet , blew a tire attempting a hotshot `` short '' landing , and left the authorized route during a cross-country training mission .
in 1996 , against the rules , he buzzed del rio below 3,000 feet , blew a tire attempting a hotshot `` short '' landing , and left the [enabled] route during a cross-country training mission .

In the midst of the crisis , he sent an emissary to the floor of the Exchange , where the man raised his hand , quieting the crowd , and said , `` I am authorized to lend $ 10 million !
in the midst of the crisis , he sent an emissary to the floor of the exchange , where the man raised his hand , quieting the crowd , and said , `` i am [enabled] to lend $ 10 million !

It 's a common note sounded in reviews of this exhaustive authorized biography -- namely that Kaplan simply reports Vidal 's version of events without question .
it 's a common note sounded in reviews of this exhaustive [enabled] biography -- namely that kaplan simply reports vidal 's version of events without question .

The defendants were W. Mark Felt and Edward S. Miller , former chief of the FBI 's intelligence division , accused of conspiring to violate the civil rights of members of the Weather Underground when they authorized warrantless break-ins of the radicals ' homes ( the Weatherfolk were suspected of planting bombs in public buildings ) in 1972 and 1973 .
the defendants were w. mark felt and edward s. miller , former chief of the fbi 's intelligence division , accused of conspiring to violate the civil rights of members of the weather underground when they [enabled] warrantless break-ins of the radicals ' homes ( the weatherfolk were suspected of planting bombs in public buildings ) in 1972 and 1973 .

We also know that Nixon sincerely believed that warrantless break-ins of the sort that Felt and Miller ( and , under different circumstances , Nixon himself ) had authorized were a necessary line of defense against radicals and troublemakers ( many of whom did indeed prove to be violent ) .
we also know that nixon sincerely believed that warrantless break-ins of the sort that felt and miller ( and , under different circumstances , nixon himself ) had [enabled] were a necessary line of defense against radicals and troublemakers ( many of whom did indeed prove to be violent ) .

The more these authorized villains are shot at in Stallone-Schwartzenegger-Willis-Gibson movies , the more one wants to be a drug dealer or terrorist when he grows up .
the more these [enabled] villains are shot at in stallone-schwartzenegger-willis-gibson movies , the more one wants to be a drug dealer or terrorist when he grows up .

Of course , had Chernomyrdin authorized the attack , he would have been blamed for the deaths of innocent civilians .
of course , had chernomyrdin [enabled] the attack , he would have been blamed for the deaths of innocent civilians .

Bush , urged on by Newt Gingrich and other Republican leaders on Capitol Hill , authorized the export of nine U.S. satellites for Chinese launch .
bush , urged on by newt gingrich and other republican leaders on capitol hill , [enabled] the export of nine u.s. satellites for chinese launch .

Several court decisions since Cherokee have authorized exceptions to the state-exclusion principle .
several court decisions since cherokee have [enabled] exceptions to the state-exclusion principle .

In 1979 legislation that authorized soft money , party building referred literally to the cost of building and maintaining a party headquarters , as well as general promotional activities for the party .
in 1979 legislation that [enabled] soft money , party building referred literally to the cost of building and maintaining a party headquarters , as well as general promotional activities for the party .

Congress has already authorized disability payments of up to $ 21,876 per year for veterans with chronic maladies that appeared within two years after the war .
congress has already [enabled] disability payments of up to $ 21,876 per year for veterans with chronic maladies that appeared within two years after the war .

Like police officers , bounty hunters are authorized to use `` all reasonable force `` to apprehend skips .
like police officers , bounty hunters are [enabled] to use `` all reasonable force `` to apprehend skips .

If Bennett himself was not the source of this `` acknowledgement , '' he evidently authorized one of his seven associates to dish it out to the reporter , Neil A. Lewis , who has written generously about Bennett in the past .
if bennett himself was not the source of this `` acknowledgement , '' he evidently [enabled] one of his seven associates to dish it out to the reporter , neil a. lewis , who has written generously about bennett in the past .

The call was n't authorized -- in fact , Morris got in trouble for it , he says .
the call was n't [enabled] -- in fact , morris got in trouble for it , he says .

Rather , they stick to an authorized script -- and when that fails , they retreat into a fog of obscurantism .
rather , they stick to an [enabled] script -- and when that fails , they retreat into a fog of obscurantism .

Starr rejects this interpretation of the guidelines and says he is authorized to brief reporters whenever necessary to `` counter misinformation '' and `` engender confidence in the work of this office . ''
starr rejects this interpretation of the guidelines and says he is [enabled] to brief reporters whenever necessary to `` counter misinformation '' and `` engender confidence in the work of this office . ''

The authorized spin : blue-collar hero .
the [enabled] spin : blue-collar hero .

While the NYT notes that it 's not at all clear that Milosevic 's pledges are genuine , it 's beyond curious that nowhere does the story mention that he is believed by many to have authorized crimes against humanity in the Bosnian war and is not being hauled before an international tribunal to answer for them primarily because he is a head of state .
while the nyt notes that it 's not at all clear that milosevic 's pledges are genuine , it 's beyond curious that nowhere does the story mention that he is believed by many to have [enabled] crimes against humanity in the bosnian war and is not being hauled before an international tribunal to answer for them primarily because he is a head of state .

When Thomas Wilson in his Art of Rhetoric ( 1553 ) speaks of travail and toil with the sweat of his brows , we can be sure that he is referring to Adam 's expulsion from Eden and the beginning of toil for everyone ( though Genesis III.19 in the Authorized Version follows Coverdale in using the words sweat of thy face ) .
when thomas wilson in his art of rhetoric ( 1553 ) speaks of travail and toil with the sweat of his brows , we can be sure that he is referring to adam 's expulsion from eden and the beginning of toil for everyone ( though genesis iii.19 in the [enabled] version follows coverdale in using the words sweat of thy face ) .

One of them , based on vague memories of the Elizabethan English of the Authorized Version ( albeit much of its language was borrowed from Tyndale 's 16th-century translation ) , is that Classical Hebrew tends to be long-winded and is overloaded with the equivalents of peradventure , verily , and Does it find favor in my Lord 's sight ?
one of them , based on vague memories of the elizabethan english of the [enabled] version ( albeit much of its language was borrowed from tyndale 's 16th-century translation ) , is that classical hebrew tends to be long-winded and is overloaded with the equivalents of peradventure , verily , and does it find favor in my lord 's sight ?

Microbiologists laughed and laughed : in the first place , nobody but the official committee on nomenclature is authorized to change a bacterial name ; second , Salmonella is recognized internationally , not just in the U.S. ; and third , the bacterium was named not after the fish but after an American bacteriologist , Daniel E. Salmon ( 1850-1914 ) .
microbiologists laughed and laughed : in the first place , nobody but the official committee on nomenclature is [enabled] to change a bacterial name ; second , salmonella is recognized internationally , not just in the u.s. ; and third , the bacterium was named not after the fish but after an american bacteriologist , daniel e. salmon ( 1850-1914 ) .

Although he does not specify , it seems likely Green means the 1611 Authorized ( or King James ) Version , for he goes on : As a mere literary monument , the English version of the Bible remains the noblest example of the English tongue , while its perpetual use made it from the instant of its appearance the standard of our language .
although he does not specify , it seems likely green means the 1611 [enabled] ( or king james ) version , for he goes on : as a mere literary monument , the english version of the bible remains the noblest example of the english tongue , while its perpetual use made it from the instant of its appearance the standard of our language .

All words are coinages , the editors claim , and they resist charting relations between their entries and an “ authorized ” or canonized list of words .
all words are coinages , the editors claim , and they resist charting relations between their entries and an “ [enabled] ” or canonized list of words .

