recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( A ) and ( B ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; ;
recommend to the congress from time to time [permission] for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; ;

Throughout these years , the statutory authorization was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the Act .
throughout these years , the statutory [permission] was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the act .

It was , it 's five thousand without manager authorization .
it was , it 's five thousand without manager [permission] .

The contract may be good or the cheque generous , but it lacks the binding authorization of a signature .
the contract may be good or the cheque generous , but it lacks the binding [permission] of a signature .

The authorization was brief and addressed to Tweed .
the [permission] was brief and addressed to tweed .

In a similar way , even ‘ History ’ as a metahistorical category achieves its single meaning by subsuming a range of ethico-political concepts , such as ‘ progress ’ , ‘ human freedom ’ , ‘ necessity ’ and the like , which then form the basis of the regulation and authorization of historical interpretation .
in a similar way , even ‘ history ’ as a metahistorical category achieves its single meaning by subsuming a range of ethico-political concepts , such as ‘ progress ’ , ‘ human freedom ’ , ‘ necessity ’ and the like , which then form the basis of the regulation and [permission] of historical interpretation .

Charges on the Consolidated Fund ( such as interest on the National Debt , the Civil List and certain salaries ) do not require annual authorization and were not included .
charges on the consolidated fund ( such as interest on the national debt , the civil list and certain salaries ) do not require annual [permission] and were not included .

The authorization is based on a detailed product specification , a market evaluation , a time schedule , a project budget , and in some cases , a solution concept .
the [permission] is based on a detailed product specification , a market evaluation , a time schedule , a project budget , and in some cases , a solution concept .

Changes to other designs and associations are thus to be restricted and controlled by an upwards reporting and authorization procedure .
changes to other designs and associations are thus to be restricted and controlled by an upwards reporting and [permission] procedure .

The base part drawing file contains all the geometric information to describe the complete part , plus a security code that prevents any alteration without authorization .
the base part drawing file contains all the geometric information to describe the complete part , plus a security code that prevents any alteration without [permission] .

( i ) He gave Gen McCreery the authorization he required to negotiate with Tolbukhin for the hand-over of the Cossacks ( although he referred to these , somewhat imprecisely , as `` all Russians `` ) .
( i ) he gave gen mccreery the [permission] he required to negotiate with tolbukhin for the hand-over of the cossacks ( although he referred to these , somewhat imprecisely , as `` all russians `` ) .

All these points might suggest that , when Gen Robertson sent his signal to Eighth Army on 14 May , at least part of his intention was to give the authorization required for the handing back to Tito of the 200,000 Croats .
all these points might suggest that , when gen robertson sent his signal to eighth army on 14 may , at least part of his intention was to give the [permission] required for the handing back to tito of the 200,000 croats .

In respect of the Cossacks , Robertson was simply giving authorization to Eighth Army to carry out a course of action suggested by Eighth Army and `` recommended by Macmillan `` .
in respect of the cossacks , robertson was simply giving [permission] to eighth army to carry out a course of action suggested by eighth army and `` recommended by macmillan `` .

1 the types of licence which a board may grant , including the nature of the premises in respect of which any particular certificate may be granted and the authorization conferred on the licence holder by the licence , and provides for specific offences instead of prosecutions for breach of certificate .
1 the types of licence which a board may grant , including the nature of the premises in respect of which any particular certificate may be granted and the [permission] conferred on the licence holder by the licence , and provides for specific offences instead of prosecutions for breach of certificate .

`` Hotel licence `` which gives the same authorization to the holder as a public house licence except that the premises to which it applies are hotels . ``
`` hotel licence `` which gives the same [permission] to the holder as a public house licence except that the premises to which it applies are hotels . ``

Legal expenses incurred prior to authorization and approval of claim .
legal expenses incurred prior to [permission] and approval of claim .

Before full authorization , the Energy Department needs Congressional approval .
before full [permission] , the energy department needs congressional approval .

It also calls for a simplified system of authorization , with industrial licensing being concentrated in a single agency .
it also calls for a simplified system of [permission] , with industrial licensing being concentrated in a single agency .

In the end they had to go over the Bishop 's head , obtaining the authorization they wanted from the Pope .
in the end they had to go over the bishop 's head , obtaining the [permission] they wanted from the pope .

But there is no identifiable general principle determining which acts of government require positive legal authorization in order to be lawful .
but there is no identifiable general principle determining which acts of government require positive legal [permission] in order to be lawful .

If a court feels that a particular act which is not authorized by statute requires positive legal authorization , it may be able to achieve this by extending an existing prerogative power into a new area .
if a court feels that a particular act which is not authorized by statute requires positive legal [permission] , it may be able to achieve this by extending an existing prerogative power into a new area .

The receipt of money and the audit of accounts were routine operations which the Exchequer conducted all the time without needing any instruction or authorization for doing so .
the receipt of money and the audit of accounts were routine operations which the exchequer conducted all the time without needing any instruction or [permission] for doing so .

Proper authorization was essential and was provided by the seals which played so large a role in medieval government .
proper [permission] was essential and was provided by the seals which played so large a role in medieval government .

Tell your branch the date it was written , the number of the cheque , who it was made out to and for how much , and sign an authorization for them to stop payment .
tell your branch the date it was written , the number of the cheque , who it was made out to and for how much , and sign an [permission] for them to stop payment .

But , having constituted a sovereign office of legislature , he does not follow Hobbes in holding that the authority of law rests solely on authorization .
but , having constituted a sovereign office of legislature , he does not follow hobbes in holding that the authority of law rests solely on [permission] .

New weapons programmes can not proceed without Congressional authorization .
new weapons programmes can not proceed without congressional [permission] .

In a reaction with profound long-term implications President Truman promptly despatched American forces to support South Korea and , on the advice of Dean Acheson , his Secretary of State , deliberately chose not to seek congressional authorization for this act of war .
in a reaction with profound long-term implications president truman promptly despatched american forces to support south korea and , on the advice of dean acheson , his secretary of state , deliberately chose not to seek congressional [permission] for this act of war .

He was effectively granted a blank cheque to conduct a war without Congressional authorization for up to 90 days .
he was effectively granted a blank cheque to conduct a war without congressional [permission] for up to 90 days .

Before the expenditure of any money can be approved , authorization is required and this is a matter for the specialist , standing committees .
before the expenditure of any money can be approved , [permission] is required and this is a matter for the specialist , standing committees .

Assuming authorization has been agreed , actual expenditures , or appropriations , are considered by the appropriation committees .
assuming [permission] has been agreed , actual expenditures , or appropriations , are considered by the appropriation committees .

The order in which the necessary processes are applied to each section of text , and the authorization of change of status for each document , must be rigidly controlled .
the order in which the necessary processes are applied to each section of text , and the [permission] of change of status for each document , must be rigidly controlled .

authorization may be assigned to more than one person
[permission] may be assigned to more than one person

The general rule is then , that those who want to carry out investment business must first seek authorization .
the general rule is then , that those who want to carry out investment business must first seek [permission] .

‘ Of course Himmler did give Max Radl a letter of authorization signed by Hitler himself , ’ Carter said .
‘ of course himmler did give max radl a letter of [permission] signed by hitler himself , ’ carter said .

Andrus just pops in to see Sesostris and they have a bit of a chat , not a long one , they do n't even have a cup of coffee , mean bastards , both of them , and then Andrus goes on to the Cashier presumably with Sesostris 's authorization and the Cashier takes the money out of the safe and gives it to him .
andrus just pops in to see sesostris and they have a bit of a chat , not a long one , they do n't even have a cup of coffee , mean bastards , both of them , and then andrus goes on to the cashier presumably with sesostris 's [permission] and the cashier takes the money out of the safe and gives it to him .

Authorization of opposition parties
[permission] of opposition parties

During his subsequent trial , however , Poindexter 's central line of defence was that he had acted with the general authorization of the President .
during his subsequent trial , however , poindexter 's central line of defence was that he had acted with the general [permission] of the president .

On Nov. 29 , 1989 , Bush signed a $ 305,000 million military authorization for fiscal 1990 ( beginning Oct. 1 , 1989 ) , which had been approved by Congress on Nov. 19 after prolonged debate .
on nov. 29 , 1989 , bush signed a $ 305,000 million military [permission] for fiscal 1990 ( beginning oct. 1 , 1989 ) , which had been approved by congress on nov. 19 after prolonged debate .

The main disagreements had centred on the question as to whether banking and securities firms should be allowed to include risk investments ( ie shares in other companies ) , rather than merely cash deposits , when they were declaring the capital on which their financial integrity was assessed for authorization purposes .
the main disagreements had centred on the question as to whether banking and securities firms should be allowed to include risk investments ( ie shares in other companies ) , rather than merely cash deposits , when they were declaring the capital on which their financial integrity was assessed for [permission] purposes .

These were ( i ) the abolition of the draconian National Security Law relating to sedition and espionage ; ( ii ) admission of a North Korean `` consolation `` delegation to visit three South Korean dissidents imprisoned under the National Security Law for having made unauthorized visits to the North ; and ( iii ) the authorization of South Korean dissidents to attend a pro-unification rally due to be held in Panmunjom on Aug. 15 , the anniversary of Korean liberation from Japanese colonial rule .
these were ( i ) the abolition of the draconian national security law relating to sedition and espionage ; ( ii ) admission of a north korean `` consolation `` delegation to visit three south korean dissidents imprisoned under the national security law for having made unauthorized visits to the north ; and ( iii ) the [permission] of south korean dissidents to attend a pro-unification rally due to be held in panmunjom on aug. 15 , the anniversary of korean liberation from japanese colonial rule .

After lengthy discussions at the highest level it was decided that because of the confidentiality of the information , and since most of the authorization procedures were already within the personnel function , the responsibility for the new system should be vested within Personnel .
after lengthy discussions at the highest level it was decided that because of the confidentiality of the information , and since most of the [permission] procedures were already within the personnel function , the responsibility for the new system should be vested within personnel .

To get legal authorization to open a newspaper kiosk or a small store , it takes 43 days of paperwork and costs $590 in fees and lost work time .
to get legal [permission] to open a newspaper kiosk or a small store , it takes 43 days of paperwork and costs $590 in fees and lost work time .

The House 's $ 292,000 million defence authorization bill , approved by 268 votes to 161 , maintained spending levels in line with those requested by the Bush administration , but radically altered the order of priorities among the weapons systems .
the house 's $ 292,000 million defence [permission] bill , approved by 268 votes to 161 , maintained spending levels in line with those requested by the bush administration , but radically altered the order of priorities among the weapons systems .

Eschewing `` gimmicks `` he outlined a number of measures which he was implementing ( without requiring congressional authorization ) in order to stimulate the economy .
eschewing `` gimmicks `` he outlined a number of measures which he was implementing ( without requiring congressional [permission] ) in order to stimulate the economy .

Therefore he restated his belief in the discipline of enforced spending caps , called for congressional authorization for the elimination of 246 federally funded spending programmes , and repeated earlier calls for the President to be given a line-item veto in order to `` end the annual ritual of filling the budget with pork-barrel appropriations `` .
therefore he restated his belief in the discipline of enforced spending caps , called for congressional [permission] for the elimination of 246 federally funded spending programmes , and repeated earlier calls for the president to be given a line-item veto in order to `` end the annual ritual of filling the budget with pork-barrel appropriations `` .

Turkish reaction to commencement of offensive — Authorization of allied use of bases — Anti-war protests
turkish reaction to commencement of offensive — [permission] of allied use of bases — anti-war protests

Democratic Party congress — Authorization of new parties
democratic party congress — [permission] of new parties

With regard to husbands voting as proxy for their wives , the government had wanted at least the wife 's written authorization to be necessary , but the deputies voted to retain the existing stipulation that the proxy voter must present the family registration book .
with regard to husbands voting as proxy for their wives , the government had wanted at least the wife 's written [permission] to be necessary , but the deputies voted to retain the existing stipulation that the proxy voter must present the family registration book .

The National People 's Assembly ( the Congolese legislature ) on Dec. 27 approved legislation for the authorization and financing of opposition parties .
the national people 's assembly ( the congolese legislature ) on dec. 27 approved legislation for the [permission] and financing of opposition parties .

The House of Representatives approved a defence authorization bill for fiscal 1992 ( beginning Oct. 1 , 1991 ) of $ 291,000 million by 329 votes to 82 on Nov. 15 .
the house of representatives approved a defence [permission] bill for fiscal 1992 ( beginning oct. 1 , 1991 ) of $ 291,000 million by 329 votes to 82 on nov. 15 .

An appropriations bill , approving expenditure of $270,000 million in fiscal 1992 to carry out defence programmes planned by the authorization bill , received final congressional approval on Nov. 23 .
an appropriations bill , approving expenditure of $270,000 million in fiscal 1992 to carry out defence programmes planned by the [permission] bill , received final congressional approval on nov. 23 .

Collor still faced criminal charges [ see p. 39188 ] and was forbidden to leave the country without Supreme court authorization .
collor still faced criminal charges [ see p. 39188 ] and was forbidden to leave the country without supreme court [permission] .

The amendments included an increase in the maximum duration of joint ventures from 20 to 70 years and authorization of the opening of overseas bank accounts by joint venture companies ; in addition tax concessions already provided to joint ventures were extended to selected wholly foreign-owned investment projects .
the amendments included an increase in the maximum duration of joint ventures from 20 to 70 years and [permission] of the opening of overseas bank accounts by joint venture companies ; in addition tax concessions already provided to joint ventures were extended to selected wholly foreign-owned investment projects .

Lamont told the House of Commons on Oct. 22 that legislation would be introduced to enable the Bank of England to refuse or revoke authorization of banks where , because of their international structure , it could not exercise proper supervision , and the government intended to initiate a strengthening of international supervisory co-operation .
lamont told the house of commons on oct. 22 that legislation would be introduced to enable the bank of england to refuse or revoke [permission] of banks where , because of their international structure , it could not exercise proper supervision , and the government intended to initiate a strengthening of international supervisory co-operation .

In response to the setting up of the `` constitutional `` government , the Fujimori government authorized sentences of between four and seven years for dismissed public officials who refused to relinquish their posts or for those who took up office , performed duties or issued orders without due authorization .
in response to the setting up of the `` constitutional `` government , the fujimori government authorized sentences of between four and seven years for dismissed public officials who refused to relinquish their posts or for those who took up office , performed duties or issued orders without due [permission] .

The authorization of the payment of the dividend ( a residual and discretionary income after all the immediate liabilities of the company have been settled ) .
the [permission] of the payment of the dividend ( a residual and discretionary income after all the immediate liabilities of the company have been settled ) .

The authorization of an agreed merger .
the [permission] of an agreed merger .

The authorization of any change in share capital — rights issues , placements , scrip issues and repurchases .
the [permission] of any change in share capital — rights issues , placements , scrip issues and repurchases .

Such investments were not therefore available to trustees , without specific authorization .
such investments were not therefore available to trustees , without specific [permission] .

Recent information from former detainees , lawyers and human rights activists indicates that suspected political opponents of the government , including boys under 18 , have been detained in garde à vue well beyond the maximum 10-day period and without obtaining further authorization after four days as required by Tunisian law .
recent information from former detainees , lawyers and human rights activists indicates that suspected political opponents of the government , including boys under 18 , have been detained in garde à vue well beyond the maximum 10-day period and without obtaining further [permission] after four days as required by tunisian law .

Hamadi Jebali was charged with defamation of a judicial institution under the Tunisian Press Code , under which prior authorization by the Ministry of Interior is required to publish any newspaper or periodical .
hamadi jebali was charged with defamation of a judicial institution under the tunisian press code , under which prior [permission] by the ministry of interior is required to publish any newspaper or periodical .

Horowitz handed him the authorization signed by Evans .
horowitz handed him the [permission] signed by evans .

An authorization to carry the weapon .
an [permission] to carry the weapon .

No authorization .
no [permission] .

Dr Barnardo , for example , required foster parents to sign an undertaking not to allow personal or written communication between a foster child and his or her relatives or friends except with the written authorization of the Director .
dr barnardo , for example , required foster parents to sign an undertaking not to allow personal or written communication between a foster child and his or her relatives or friends except with the written [permission] of the director .

as in estoppel and in various forms of vicarious liability , such as conspiracy , agency , authorization or complicity ) or for exemption from liability ( e.g .
as in estoppel and in various forms of vicarious liability , such as conspiracy , agency , [permission] or complicity ) or for exemption from liability ( e.g .

So there was no question but that section 2 of the 1911 Act applied to make it unlawful for any person to communicate information without authorization .
so there was no question but that section 2 of the 1911 act applied to make it unlawful for any person to communicate information without [permission] .

Unlike applications for interception in other criminal cases there was no procedure for judicial authorization in the case of security applications .
unlike applications for interception in other criminal cases there was no procedure for judicial [permission] in the case of security applications .

Despite criticisms voiced by the Post Office Engineering Union ( 1980 ) it is still the case that warrants are to be issued under the hand of the Home Secretary rather than a judge , there apparently being no concern that a major invasion of privacy can take place by executive act without the need for any judicial approval or authorization , as is required in other democracies .
despite criticisms voiced by the post office engineering union ( 1980 ) it is still the case that warrants are to be issued under the hand of the home secretary rather than a judge , there apparently being no concern that a major invasion of privacy can take place by executive act without the need for any judicial approval or [permission] , as is required in other democracies .

In other instances the biographer may have been commissioned by the family of a person who has died to write a biography with their authorization and co-operation .
in other instances the biographer may have been commissioned by the family of a person who has died to write a biography with their [permission] and co-operation .

You should fill in : 1 Date of purchase 2 Your own sales number and initials 3 Description of goods 4 Quantity of goods 5 Cost per item ( unit cost ) 6 Total cost 7 Authorization code 8 Whether the goods are to be taken away or delivered You should also check the details on the card : 1 The expiry date 2 The signature ( make sure that it matches the one on the voucher ) 3 The strip on which the customer 's name is written ( make sure it has n't been tampered with ) When you have filled in the information , the customer signs the form .
you should fill in : 1 date of purchase 2 your own sales number and initials 3 description of goods 4 quantity of goods 5 cost per item ( unit cost ) 6 total cost 7 [permission] code 8 whether the goods are to be taken away or delivered you should also check the details on the card : 1 the expiry date 2 the signature ( make sure that it matches the one on the voucher ) 3 the strip on which the customer 's name is written ( make sure it has n't been tampered with ) when you have filled in the information , the customer signs the form .

Sitting alone as a circuit judge , Chief Justice Taney interpreted the constitutional provision to require congressional authorization for suspending the writ.3 In light of Taney ’ s notorious opinion in the Dred Scott case,4 his views hardly carried much weight in the White House .
sitting alone as a circuit judge , chief justice taney interpreted the constitutional provision to require congressional [permission] for suspending the writ.3 in light of taney ’ s notorious opinion in the dred scott case,4 his views hardly carried much weight in the white house .

The earthquake and fire together caused 452 deaths , according to official estimates , but the imposition of martial law by Mayor Schmitz ( without authorization ) resulted in up to 100 more dead in summary executions for looting or refusing to help the firefighters .
the earthquake and fire together caused 452 deaths , according to official estimates , but the imposition of martial law by mayor schmitz ( without [permission] ) resulted in up to 100 more dead in summary executions for looting or refusing to help the firefighters .

For example , from its Use Authorization Survey administered to its various customers in fiscal year 2000 , BLM disaggregated the survey data to provide the applicable results to individual senior executives who head the state offices .
for example , from its use [permission] survey administered to its various customers in fiscal year 2000 , blm disaggregated the survey data to provide the applicable results to individual senior executives who head the state offices .

The executive will improve the cycle times of claims processing in development , rating , and authorization time as shown in the Claims Automated Processing System records .
the executive will improve the cycle times of claims processing in development , rating , and [permission] time as shown in the claims automated processing system records .

Appendix V VBA 's Senior Executive Performance Plans reduce VBA 's authorization cases by at least 20 percent by the end of the rating period .
appendix v vba 's senior executive performance plans reduce vba 's [permission] cases by at least 20 percent by the end of the rating period .

Statutory authorization for the rule The Department of the Treasury 's rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in sections 7805 and 9833 of the Internal Revenue Code ( 26 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the department of the treasury 's rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in sections 7805 and 9833 of the internal revenue code ( 26 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated pursuant to the authority in section 1861 ( v ) ( 1 ) ( L ) of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was promulgated pursuant to the authority in section 1861 ( v ) ( 1 ) ( l ) of the social security act ( 42 u.s.c .

Statutory Authorization for the Rule In the preambles to the proposed and final rules on the open access nondiscriminatory tariff and `` stranded costs , '' the Commission explained that sections 205 and 206 of the Federal Power Act , 16 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule in the preambles to the proposed and final rules on the open access nondiscriminatory tariff and `` stranded costs , '' the commission explained that sections 205 and 206 of the federal power act , 16 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The Supplementary Information accompanying the final rule discusses at length its legal basis .
statutory [permission] for the rule the supplementary information accompanying the final rule discusses at length its legal basis .

In another example , Australia 's Health Insurance Commission ( HIC ) implemented a feedback program to provide medical practitioners with regular information about their own benefit authorization , age and gender patient demographics , and comparative statistical information showing the number of services rendered and dollar value of benefits paid .
in another example , australia 's health insurance commission ( hic ) implemented a feedback program to provide medical practitioners with regular information about their own benefit [permission] , age and gender patient demographics , and comparative statistical information showing the number of services rendered and dollar value of benefits paid .

According to NIST , accreditation is `` the formal authorization by the management official for system operation and an explicit acceptance of risk . ''
according to nist , accreditation is `` the formal [permission] by the management official for system operation and an explicit acceptance of risk . ''

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-1 Statutory Authorization for the rule Section 13921 of Public Law 103-66 , the Mickey Leland Childhood Hunger Relief Act , amended section 5 ( e ) of the Food Stamp Act of 1977 , as amended , 7 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-1 statutory [permission] for the rule section 13921 of public law 103-66 , the mickey leland childhood hunger relief act , amended section 5 ( e ) of the food stamp act of 1977 , as amended , 7 u.s.c .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-98-32 Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of sections 708 ( e ) ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 , Pub .
page 2 gao/ogc-98-32 statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of sections 708 ( e ) ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) of the personal responsibility and work opportunity reconciliation act of 1996 , pub .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is authorized by sections 7 , 10 , 19 , and 27a of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 15 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule is authorized by sections 7 , 10 , 19 , and 27a of the securities act of 1933 ( 15 u.s.c .

GPRA requires that each agency submit to the President and to the appropriate authorization and appropriations committees of Congress an annual report on program performance for the previous fiscal year ( copies are to be provided to other congressional committees and to the public upon request ) .
gpra requires that each agency submit to the president and to the appropriate [permission] and appropriations committees of congress an annual report on program performance for the previous fiscal year ( copies are to be provided to other congressional committees and to the public upon request ) .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-9 Statutory authorization for the rule Section 6101 of the Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1990 , as amended , 42 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-96-9 statutory [permission] for the rule section 6101 of the omnibus budget and reconciliation act of 1990 , as amended , 42 u.s.c .

Statutory Authorization for the rule Both the proposed and final rule cite the Secretary 's broad authority to promulgate regulations necessary for the efficient administration of the Medicare program .
statutory [permission] for the rule both the proposed and final rule cite the secretary 's broad authority to promulgate regulations necessary for the efficient administration of the medicare program .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is issued pursuant to authority contained in sections 1102 , 1861 ( v ) ( 1 ) ( A ) , and 1871 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule is issued pursuant to authority contained in sections 1102 , 1861 ( v ) ( 1 ) ( a ) , and 1871 of the social security act ( 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule Authorization for this rulemaking is contained in sections 1 , 4 ( i ) , 4 ( j ) , 201 , 202 , 303 ( r ) , 309 , 332 , and 403 of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule [permission] for this rulemaking is contained in sections 1 , 4 ( i ) , 4 ( j ) , 201 , 202 , 303 ( r ) , 309 , 332 , and 403 of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The rule was authorized by section 7 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , 15 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the rule was authorized by section 7 of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended , 15 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The EPA cites sections 313 ( b ) and 328 of the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986 ( EPCRA ) , 42 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the epa cites sections 313 ( b ) and 328 of the emergency planning and community right-to-know act of 1986 ( epcra ) , 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The SEC cites section 203A ( c ) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ( 15 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the sec cites section 203a ( c ) of the investment advisers act of 1940 ( 15 u.s.c .

Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-34 Statutory authorization for the rule Authorization for this rule is contained in sections 301 and 303 ( r ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
page 3 gao/ogc-96-34 statutory [permission] for the rule [permission] for this rule is contained in sections 301 and 303 ( r ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was issued pursuant to sections 4 , 6 ( b ) , 8 ( c ) , and 8 ( g ) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 ( 29 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was issued pursuant to sections 4 , 6 ( b ) , 8 ( c ) , and 8 ( g ) of the occupational safety and health act of 1970 ( 29 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule Section 211 ( l ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 ( Pub .
statutory [permission] for the rule section 211 ( l ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 ( pub .

The purchase authorization portion of the process is the formal approval of the purchase by responsible designated officials within the agency and usually results in the obligation of budget authority .
the purchase [permission] portion of the process is the formal approval of the purchase by responsible designated officials within the agency and usually results in the obligation of budget authority .

The payment approval and authorization portions of the process can involve a multistep process with administrative approvals being first Background followed by payment authorization.1 An administrative approval is generally performed by a responsible official in the unit that ordered or received the items purchased .
the payment approval and [permission] portions of the process can involve a multistep process with administrative approvals being first background followed by payment authorization.1 an administrative approval is generally performed by a responsible official in the unit that ordered or received the items purchased .

Payment authorization is generally restricted to designated persons in the agency .
payment [permission] is generally restricted to designated persons in the agency .

As used in this document , administrative approvals are differentiated from payment authorization .
as used in this document , administrative approvals are differentiated from payment [permission] .

Payment authorization ( also called payment certification ) refers to the act of approving payment and authorizing Treasury to disburse funds .
payment [permission] ( also called payment certification ) refers to the act of approving payment and authorizing treasury to disburse funds .

Administrative approvals , on the other hand , refer to the approval function of various aspects of a transaction except for payment authorization .
administrative approvals , on the other hand , refer to the approval function of various aspects of a transaction except for payment [permission] .

They had staff assisting them in reviewing each invoice prior to payment authorization .
they had staff assisting them in reviewing each invoice prior to payment [permission] .

Pursuant to Public Law 104106 , National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 , DOD was given the authority to have certifying officers .
pursuant to public law 104106 , national defense [permission] act for fiscal year 1996 , dod was given the authority to have certifying officers .

However , fast pay procedures typically entail payment authorization without evidence of receipt and acceptance , provided that subsequent to payment authorization , receipt and acceptance is verified .
however , fast pay procedures typically entail payment [permission] without evidence of receipt and acceptance , provided that subsequent to payment [permission] , receipt and acceptance is verified .

Under fast pay , examination of the invoice subsequent to payment authorization is sometimes referred to as `` post payment examination . ''
under fast pay , examination of the invoice subsequent to payment [permission] is sometimes referred to as `` post payment examination . ''

Normally , under fast pay procedures , all invoices are examined subsequent to payment authorization .
normally , under fast pay procedures , all invoices are examined subsequent to payment [permission] .

With today 's technology , personnel can extract data from hard copy source records , input the information into the automated system through computer terminals , and forward the data through communications networks to a centralized location for further online processing , examination , and payment authorization .
with today 's technology , personnel can extract data from hard copy source records , input the information into the automated system through computer terminals , and forward the data through communications networks to a centralized location for further online processing , examination , and payment [permission] .

Generally , access , authorization , and approvals are permitted through various controls and electronic symbols or programmed data elements .
generally , access , [permission] , and approvals are permitted through various controls and electronic symbols or programmed data elements .

As the application of advancing technology continues , systems will be able to directly transmit receipt and acceptance data from points of purchase to central locations for invoice examination and payment authorization .
as the application of advancing technology continues , systems will be able to directly transmit receipt and acceptance data from points of purchase to central locations for invoice examination and payment [permission] .

Receipt and acceptance data could be compared electronically to the ordering and the invoice information to help ensure that payment authorization is valid and at the same time reduce the risk of errors in the process .
receipt and acceptance data could be compared electronically to the ordering and the invoice information to help ensure that payment [permission] is valid and at the same time reduce the risk of errors in the process .

Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .
since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment [permission] , there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt .

Moreover , systems could be designed and operated to contain specific control mechanisms to prevent payment authorization either manually or in an automated environment prior to confirmation of receipt and acceptance .
moreover , systems could be designed and operated to contain specific control mechanisms to prevent payment [permission] either manually or in an automated environment prior to confirmation of receipt and acceptance .

Streamlining the Payment Process- Acquisition of Goods and Services Verification of Receipt and Acceptance After Payment Authorization ( Fast Pay ) In an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .
streamlining the payment process- acquisition of goods and services verification of receipt and acceptance after payment [permission] ( fast pay ) in an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .

At the time of the request , their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment .
at the time of the request , their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to [permission] of payment .

GAO Response Payment authorization prior to verifying receipt and acceptance is a common process referred to as `` fast pay . ''
gao response payment [permission] prior to verifying receipt and acceptance is a common process referred to as `` fast pay . ''

To ensure that the purchasing offices compared invoices to receiving reports subsequent to payment authorization , the agency would regularly examine statistical samples of paid invoices , provide adequate training for personnel , and regularly review implementation of controls .
to ensure that the purchasing offices compared invoices to receiving reports subsequent to payment [permission] , the agency would regularly examine statistical samples of paid invoices , provide adequate training for personnel , and regularly review implementation of controls .

Regarding sampling of invoices after payment authorization to verify receipt and acceptance , we pointed out that Title 7 limits sampling to invoices under $ 2,500 .
regarding sampling of invoices after payment [permission] to verify receipt and acceptance , we pointed out that title 7 limits sampling to invoices under $ 2,500 .

Instead of sending supporting documentation to the finance center for payment certification , a purchase log or other summary information would be maintained and all pertinent data would be entered into it , signed by the purchaser and approving official , and sent to the finance center for payment authorization .
instead of sending supporting documentation to the finance center for payment certification , a purchase log or other summary information would be maintained and all pertinent data would be entered into it , signed by the purchaser and approving official , and sent to the finance center for payment [permission] .

Numerous electronic edits would be applied to the voucher at the certifying or payment officer 's location prior to payment authorization .
numerous electronic edits would be applied to the voucher at the certifying or payment officer 's location prior to payment [permission] .

The plan to test vouchers on a sample basis after payment authorization for vouchers $ 2,500 or less should give further assurances that the claims are valid .
the plan to test vouchers on a sample basis after payment [permission] for vouchers $ 2,500 or less should give further assurances that the claims are valid .

Validating Travel Claims After Payment Authorization analysis should include consideration of the costs to process travel vouchers as well as a review of past travel authorizations and claims by employees compared to the maximum amounts allowed .
validating travel claims after payment [permission] analysis should include consideration of the costs to process travel vouchers as well as a review of past travel authorizations and claims by employees compared to the maximum amounts allowed .

Fast pay is permitted primarily where there is a continuing relationship with reliable vendors and a geographical separation exists between the payment authorization office and the location where goods and services are received .
fast pay is permitted primarily where there is a continuing relationship with reliable vendors and a geographical separation exists between the payment [permission] office and the location where goods and services are received .

We did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual FMFIA review .
we did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment [permission] and that for the first year the system was operational , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual fmfia review .

The program was initiated in 1948 by the Secretary of the Treasury , the Director of the Bureau of the Budget ( now OMB ) , and the Comptroller General and was given statutory authorization in the Budget and Accounting Procedures Act of 1950 .
the program was initiated in 1948 by the secretary of the treasury , the director of the bureau of the budget ( now omb ) , and the comptroller general and was given statutory [permission] in the budget and accounting procedures act of 1950 .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-39 Statutory authorization for the rule The Department of Labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in Section 707 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ( Pub .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-39 statutory [permission] for the rule the department of labor 's interim rule is adopted pursuant to the authority contained in section 707 of the employee retirement income security act ( pub .

With respect to setting priorities , GAO considers the nature of the requested work in light of Senate and House rules governing the committees , including their appropriation , authorization , budgetary , and oversight jurisdiction over a program or activity .
with respect to setting priorities , gao considers the nature of the requested work in light of senate and house rules governing the committees , including their appropriation , [permission] , budgetary , and oversight jurisdiction over a program or activity .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is authorized by sections 4 ( i ) , 303 ( c ) , 303 ( f ) , 303 ( g ) and 303 ( r ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule is authorized by sections 4 ( i ) , 303 ( c ) , 303 ( f ) , 303 ( g ) and 303 ( r ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended .

Statutory authorization for the rule APHIS cites as statutory authorization for this rule 7 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule aphis cites as statutory [permission] for this rule 7 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule Section 107 ( a ) ( 1 ) of the Indian Self-Determination Act , as amended by the Indian Self-Determination Contract Reform Act of 1994 ( Pub .
statutory [permission] for the rule section 107 ( a ) ( 1 ) of the indian self-determination act , as amended by the indian self-determination contract reform act of 1994 ( pub .

Statutory authorization for the rule Authorization for this rulemaking is contained in sections 4 ( i ) and ( j ) , 9 , and 303 ( r ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule [permission] for this rulemaking is contained in sections 4 ( i ) and ( j ) , 9 , and 303 ( r ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated under the authority contained in sections 215 and 371-376 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was promulgated under the authority contained in sections 215 and 371-376 of the public health service act ( 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rules The Corporation is authorized under 5 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rules the corporation is authorized under 5 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule APHIS cites as statutory authorization for this rule 7 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule aphis cites as statutory [permission] for this rule 7 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule This rule is promulgated under sections 112 ( a ) , 301 ( a ) ( 1 ) , title V of the Clean Air Act as amended ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule this rule is promulgated under sections 112 ( a ) , 301 ( a ) ( 1 ) , title v of the clean air act as amended ( 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The statutory requirement to issue these interim regulations is contained in the Balanced Budget Downpayment Act , Pub .
statutory [permission] for the rule the statutory requirement to issue these interim regulations is contained in the balanced budget downpayment act , pub .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is issued pursuant to the authority in sections 4 ( i ) , 257 , 303 ( r ) , and 309 ( j ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 42 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule is issued pursuant to the authority in sections 4 ( i ) , 257 , 303 ( r ) , and 309 ( j ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule CCC cites as authority for this rule 15 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule ccc cites as authority for this rule 15 u.s.c .

Such controls are designed to help ensure the use of and access to assets are in accordance with management 's authorization .
such controls are designed to help ensure the use of and access to assets are in accordance with management 's [permission] .

Authorization includes approval of transactions in accordance with control activities established by management to safeguard assets , such as establishing and complying with requirements for extending and monitoring credit or making investment decisions , and related documentation .
[permission] includes approval of transactions in accordance with control activities established by management to safeguard assets , such as establishing and complying with requirements for extending and monitoring credit or making investment decisions , and related documentation .

Such control activities would include permitting acquisition , use , or disposition of assets only in accordance with management 's general or specific authorization , including compliance with established control activities for such acquisition , use , or disposition .
such control activities would include permitting acquisition , use , or disposition of assets only in accordance with management 's general or specific [permission] , including compliance with established control activities for such acquisition , use , or disposition .

Statutory authorization for the rule The Commission has cited as authority Sections 4 ( i ) , 7 , 303 ( c ) , 303 ( f ) , 303 ( g ) , 303 ( r ) and 332 of the Communications Act , 47 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the commission has cited as authority sections 4 ( i ) , 7 , 303 ( c ) , 303 ( f ) , 303 ( g ) , 303 ( r ) and 332 of the communications act , 47 u.s.c .

According to NIST , accreditation is `` the formal authorization by the management official for system operation and an explicit acceptance of risk . ''
according to nist , accreditation is `` the formal [permission] by the management official for system operation and an explicit acceptance of risk . ''

Page 2 GAO/OGC-98-46 Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated under the authority of sections 114 , 203 , 204 , 205 , 206 , 207 , 208 , 209 , 213 , 215 , 216 , and 301 ( a ) of the Clean Air Act as amended in 1990 ( 42 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-98-46 statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was promulgated under the authority of sections 114 , 203 , 204 , 205 , 206 , 207 , 208 , 209 , 213 , 215 , 216 , and 301 ( a ) of the clean air act as amended in 1990 ( 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule This rule is promulgated under the authorities of 21 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule this rule is promulgated under the authorities of 21 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule Both final rules were issued by the SEC pursuant to the authority of sections 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 , and 19 ( a ) of the Securities Act ( 15 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule both final rules were issued by the sec pursuant to the authority of sections 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 , and 19 ( a ) of the securities act ( 15 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of the Federal Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act and the Public Health Service Act as codified at 21 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of the federal food , drug , and cosmetic act and the public health service act as codified at 21 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule Regulation M is adopted under the Securities Act , 15 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule regulation m is adopted under the securities act , 15 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The EPA has cited sections 202 , 203 , 204 , 205 , 206 , 207 , 208 , 209 , 213 , 215 , 216 , and 301 ( a ) of the Clean Air Act , as amended , ( 42 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the epa has cited sections 202 , 203 , 204 , 205 , 206 , 207 , 208 , 209 , 213 , 215 , 216 , and 301 ( a ) of the clean air act , as amended , ( 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was promulgated under the authority of section 5 ( b ) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 ( 12 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was promulgated under the authority of section 5 ( b ) of the bank holding company act of 1956 ( 12 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The rules are promulgated with the authority provided in the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the rules are promulgated with the authority provided in the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule 38 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule 38 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The interim rule is promulgated under the authority of the Immigration and Nationality Act , 8 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the interim rule is promulgated under the authority of the immigration and nationality act , 8 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The EPA has cited sections 202 , 206 , 208 and 301 of the Clean Air Act , as amended .
statutory [permission] for the rule the epa has cited sections 202 , 206 , 208 and 301 of the clean air act , as amended .

It is estimated that there will be 1,310 respondents and the burden hours vary from 11 to 24 hours per response depending on the type of authorization requested .
it is estimated that there will be 1,310 respondents and the burden hours vary from 11 to 24 hours per response depending on the type of [permission] requested .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is issued pursuant to the authority contained in sections 1 , 2 , 4 ( i ) , 303 ( r ) , 308 , 309 , and 310 of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule is issued pursuant to the authority contained in sections 1 , 2 , 4 ( i ) , 303 ( r ) , 308 , 309 , and 310 of the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The FDA has cited sections 502 , 510 , 518 , 519 , 520,701 , 704 and 903 of the Federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the fda has cited sections 502 , 510 , 518 , 519 , 520,701 , 704 and 903 of the federal food , drug and cosmetic act ( 21 u.s.c .

This delegation covers authority and responsibility for operating activities , reporting relationships , and authorization protocols .
this delegation covers authority and responsibility for operating activities , reporting relationships , and [permission] protocols .

This applies to the entire process or life cycle of a transaction or event from the initiation and authorization through its final classification in summary records .
this applies to the entire process or life cycle of a transaction or event from the initiation and [permission] through its final classification in summary records .

This category of control is designed to help ensure completeness , accuracy , authorization , and validity of all transactions during application processing .
this category of control is designed to help ensure completeness , accuracy , [permission] , and validity of all transactions during application processing .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of sections 301 , 304 , 306 , 307 , 308 , 402 , and 501 of the Clean Water Act , 33 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of sections 301 , 304 , 306 , 307 , 308 , 402 , and 501 of the clean water act , 33 u.s.c .

Page 3 GAO/OGC-97-3 Statutory authorization for the rule The Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 ( Pub .
page 3 gao/ogc-97-3 statutory [permission] for the rule the safe medical devices act of 1990 ( pub .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of sections 1 , 2 , 4 ( i ) , 201 , 203 , 205 , 214 , 303 ( r ) , and 310 of the Communications Act of 1934 .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of sections 1 , 2 , 4 ( i ) , 201 , 203 , 205 , 214 , 303 ( r ) , and 310 of the communications act of 1934 .

Statutory authorization for the rule The agency cites the Clean Air Act , 42 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the agency cites the clean air act , 42 u.s.c .

Statutory Authorization for the rule This action is required as a result of Title XIII , Chapter 3 , Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 , Pub .
statutory [permission] for the rule this action is required as a result of title xiii , chapter 3 , omnibus budget reconciliation act of 1993 , pub .

Page 4 GAO/OGC-96-36 Statutory authorization for the rule The Commission has promulgated this rule pursuant to provisions of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Act of 1988 ( 47 U.S.C .
page 4 gao/ogc-96-36 statutory [permission] for the rule the commission has promulgated this rule pursuant to provisions of the hearing aid compatibility act of 1988 ( 47 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The final rule is promulgated pursuant to the authority contained in sections 4 ( i ) , 5 ( b ) , 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) , 303 ( r ) , and 309 ( j ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended .
statutory [permission] for the rule the final rule is promulgated pursuant to the authority contained in sections 4 ( i ) , 5 ( b ) , 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) , 303 ( r ) , and 309 ( j ) of the communications act of 1934 , as amended .

For example , a written authorization that a computer system is secure and is permitted to operate in a defined environment .
for example , a written [permission] that a computer system is secure and is permitted to operate in a defined environment .

Congressional oversight and authorization committees , as well as the Appropriations Committees , can use the database to prepare for hearings and budget deliberations .
congressional oversight and [permission] committees , as well as the appropriations committees , can use the database to prepare for hearings and budget deliberations .

Office of the General Counsel B-271810.7 July 2 , 1996 The Honorable Larry Pressler Chairman The Honorable Ernest F. Hollings Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Amendment of Parts 2 and 15 of the Federal Communication Commission Rules to Deregulate the Equipment Authorization Requirements for Digital Devices Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , entitled `` Amendment of Parts 2 and 15 of the Commission 's Rules to Deregulate the Equipment Authorization Requirements for Digital Devices '' ( ET Docket No .
office of the general counsel b-271810.7 july 2 , 1996 the honorable larry pressler chairman the honorable ernest f. hollings ranking minority member committee on commerce , science and transportation united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : amendment of parts 2 and 15 of the federal communication commission rules to deregulate the equipment [permission] requirements for digital devices pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by federal communications commission ( fcc ) , entitled `` amendment of parts 2 and 15 of the commission 's rules to deregulate the equipment [permission] requirements for digital devices '' ( et docket no .

The FCC 's Report and Order amending Parts 2 and 15 of Title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations , deregulates the equipment authorization requirements for personal computers and peripherals .
the fcc 's report and order amending parts 2 and 15 of title 47 of the code of federal regulations , deregulates the equipment [permission] requirements for personal computers and peripherals .

Robert P. Murphy General Counsel Enclosure cc : Andrew S. Fishel , Managing Director Federal Communications Commission Page 2 GAO/OGC-96-21 ENCLOSURE ANALYSIS OF AMENDMENT OF PARTS 2 AND 15 OF THE COMMISSION 'S RULES TO DEREGULATE THE EQUIPMENT AUTHORIZATION REQUIREMENTS FOR DIGITAL DEVICES RULE UNDER 5 U.S.C .
robert p. murphy general counsel enclosure cc : andrew s. fishel , managing director federal communications commission page 2 gao/ogc-96-21 enclosure analysis of amendment of parts 2 and 15 of the commission 's rules to deregulate the equipment [permission] requirements for digital devices rule under 5 u.s.c .

However , the initial regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will result in a significant decrease in the amount of testing and Commission authorization of computer systems with a resultant reduction in economic burden .
however , the initial regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will result in a significant decrease in the amount of testing and commission [permission] of computer systems with a resultant reduction in economic burden .

Statutory authorization for the rule The new rules are promulgated with the authority provided in the Communications Act of 1934 , as amended , 47 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the new rules are promulgated with the authority provided in the communications act of 1934 , as amended , 47 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The rule is issued pursuant to the authority contained in Sections 4 ( i ) and ( j ) , 303 ( r ) , 308 and 403 of the Communications Act of 1934 , 47 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule the rule is issued pursuant to the authority contained in sections 4 ( i ) and ( j ) , 303 ( r ) , 308 and 403 of the communications act of 1934 , 47 u.s.c .

Page 2 GAO/OGC-97-38 Statutory authorization for the rule The rule is promulgated under authority of sections 2741 through 2763 , 2791 , and 2792 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C .
page 2 gao/ogc-97-38 statutory [permission] for the rule the rule is promulgated under authority of sections 2741 through 2763 , 2791 , and 2792 of the public health service act ( 42 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule The interim final rule is issued pursuant to section 215 of Public Law 104-193 to implement sections 211 and 212 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 .
statutory [permission] for the rule the interim final rule is issued pursuant to section 215 of public law 104-193 to implement sections 211 and 212 of the personal responsibility and work opportunity reconciliation act of 1996 .

Statutory authorization for the rules The Commission adopted the Limit Order Display Rule and amended the Quote Rule pursuant to its authority under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 15 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rules the commission adopted the limit order display rule and amended the quote rule pursuant to its authority under the securities exchange act of 1934 ( 15 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule FDA cites sections 201 , 402 , 403 , 409 , and 701 of the Federal Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule fda cites sections 201 , 402 , 403 , 409 , and 701 of the federal food , drug , and cosmetic act ( 21 u.s.c .

Statutory authorization for the rule HUD promulgated these amendments to Regulation X and accompanying Statements of Policy under the authority in section 19 of RESPA , 12 U.S.C .
statutory [permission] for the rule hud promulgated these amendments to regulation x and accompanying statements of policy under the authority in section 19 of respa , 12 u.s.c .

For example , nothing in the LSC authorization language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation commences .
for example , nothing in the lsc [permission] language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation commences .

For example , nothing in the LSC authorization language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation commences .
for example , nothing in the lsc [permission] language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation commences .

In one case , only about 4-5 months were needed for obtaining the construction permit,26 and only six months were needed to obtain the construction permit for retrofit of two 900 MWe boilers in another case.21 Shorter periods for construction permit authorization would allow earlier commencement of construction activities and could potentially shorten the overall schedule .
in one case , only about 4-5 months were needed for obtaining the construction permit,26 and only six months were needed to obtain the construction permit for retrofit of two 900 mwe boilers in another case.21 shorter periods for construction permit [permission] would allow earlier commencement of construction activities and could potentially shorten the overall schedule .

Nothing in this title or in any other provision of law shall be construed to limit the authority of the United States to terminate or limit such authorization .
nothing in this title or in any other provision of law shall be construed to limit the authority of the united states to terminate or limit such [permission] .

This change should eliminate the need in the Senate for the current procedure of sequential referral of the annual authorization bill for the national foreign intelligence program .
this change should eliminate the need in the senate for the current procedure of sequential referral of the annual [permission] bill for the national foreign intelligence program .

See Monterey Institute of International Studies report , `` Nunn-Lugar-Domenici Domestic Preparedness and WMD Civil Support Teams , '' Oct. 2001 ( online at http : //cns.miis.edu/research/cbw/120city.htm ) ; National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 , Pub.L .
see monterey institute of international studies report , `` nunn-lugar-domenici domestic preparedness and wmd civil support teams , '' oct. 2001 ( online at http : //cns.miis.edu/research/cbw/120city.htm ) ; national defense [permission] act for fiscal year 1997 , pub.l .

Our review of the classified schedules of authorization from 1995 to 2001 found that Congress generally supported the top line requests made by the administration for intelligence , never reducing it by more than 2 or 3 percent ; however , the congressional oversight committees did reallocate the administration 's requests significantly , sometimes increasing programs like counterterrorism that they believed were being underfunded .
our review of the classified schedules of [permission] from 1995 to 2001 found that congress generally supported the top line requests made by the administration for intelligence , never reducing it by more than 2 or 3 percent ; however , the congressional oversight committees did reallocate the administration 's requests significantly , sometimes increasing programs like counterterrorism that they believed were being underfunded .

For Berger 's authorization , see NSC notes , TNT note , Feb. 12 , 1999 .
for berger 's [permission] , see nsc notes , tnt note , feb. 12 , 1999 .

He also loosened the rules governing authorization for investigations and their duration .
he also loosened the rules governing [permission] for investigations and their duration .

During the 1990s , tension sometimes arose , as it did in the effort against al Qaeda , between policymakers who wanted the CIA to undertake more aggressive covert action and wary CIA leaders who counseled prudence and making sure that the legal basis and presidential authorization for their actions were undeniably clear .
during the 1990s , tension sometimes arose , as it did in the effort against al qaeda , between policymakers who wanted the cia to undertake more aggressive covert action and wary cia leaders who counseled prudence and making sure that the legal basis and presidential [permission] for their actions were undeniably clear .

The most serious question has centered on whether or not the president needs congressional authorization to wage war .
the most serious question has centered on whether or not the president needs congressional [permission] to wage war .

The current status of that debate seems to have settled into a recognition that a president can deploy military forces for small and limited operations , but needs at least congressional support if not explicit authorization for large and more open-ended military operations .
the current status of that debate seems to have settled into a recognition that a president can deploy military forces for small and limited operations , but needs at least congressional support if not explicit [permission] for large and more open-ended military operations .

Not until after 9/11 was a congressional authorization sought .
not until after 9/11 was a congressional [permission] sought .

These reforms occurred only after the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence took the unprecedented step of threatening to bring down the defense authorization bill .
these reforms occurred only after the senate select committee on intelligence took the unprecedented step of threatening to bring down the defense [permission] bill .

In February 1999 , Tenet sought President Clinton 's authorization to enlist Massoud and his forces as partners .
in february 1999 , tenet sought president clinton 's [permission] to enlist massoud and his forces as partners .

Hence , Massoud was told not to take any such action without explicit U.S. authorization .
hence , massoud was told not to take any such action without explicit u.s. [permission] .

For Berger 's authorization , see NSC memo , TNT to Berger , responding to Taliban 's September overture , Oct.20,2000 .
for berger 's [permission] , see nsc memo , tnt to berger , responding to taliban 's september overture , oct.20,2000 .

Upon entry , Atta received the customary authorization to stay six months as a tourist .
upon entry , atta received the customary [permission] to stay six months as a tourist .

For the second authorization , see White House notes , Lynne Cheney notes , Sept. 11 , 2001 ; White House notes , Lewis Libby notes , Sept. 11 , 2001 .
for the second [permission] , see white house notes , lynne cheney notes , sept. 11 , 2001 ; white house notes , lewis libby notes , sept. 11 , 2001 .

On the Vice President 's authorization , see ibid .
on the vice president 's [permission] , see ibid .

Marr sought authorization to scramble the Otis fighters .
marr sought [permission] to scramble the otis fighters .

He told us he based this authorization on his earlier conversation with the President .
he told us he based this [permission] on his earlier conversation with the president .

He again asked for authorization to engage .
he again asked for [permission] to engage .

Those in the shelter wondered if the aircraft had been shot down pursuant to this authorization .
those in the shelter wondered if the aircraft had been shot down pursuant to this [permission] .

Believing they had only a minute or two , the Vice President again communicated the authorization to `` engage or `` take out '' the aircraft .
believing they had only a minute or two , the vice president again communicated the [permission] to `` engage or `` take out '' the aircraft .

Transmission of the Authorization from the White House to the Pilots The NMCC learned of United 93 's hijacking at about 10:03 .
transmission of the [permission] from the white house to the pilots the nmcc learned of united 93 's hijacking at about 10:03 .

Pursuant to the President 's instructions I gave authorization for them to be taken out .
pursuant to the president 's instructions i gave [permission] for them to be taken out .

The Vice President was mistaken in his belief that shootdown authorization had been passed to the pilots flying at NORAD 's direction .
the vice president was mistaken in his belief that shootdown [permission] had been passed to the pilots flying at norad 's direction .

After NEADS learned of the hijacking at 10:07 , NORAD would have had from 6 to 16 minutes to locate the flight , receive authorization to shoot it down , and communicate the order to the pilots , who ( in the same span ) would have had to authenticate the order , intercept the flight , and execute the order .
after neads learned of the hijacking at 10:07 , norad would have had from 6 to 16 minutes to locate the flight , receive [permission] to shoot it down , and communicate the order to the pilots , who ( in the same span ) would have had to authenticate the order , intercept the flight , and execute the order .

At that point in time , the Langley pilots did not know the threat they were facing , did not know where United 93 was located , and did not have shootdown authorization .
at that point in time , the langley pilots did not know the threat they were facing , did not know where united 93 was located , and did not have shootdown [permission] .

It is possible that NORAD commanders would have ordered a shootdown in the absence of the authorization communicated by the Vice President , but given the gravity of the decision to shoot down a commercial airliner , and NORAD 's caution that a mistake not be made , we view this possibility as unlikely .
it is possible that norad commanders would have ordered a shootdown in the absence of the [permission] communicated by the vice president , but given the gravity of the decision to shoot down a commercial airliner , and norad 's caution that a mistake not be made , we view this possibility as unlikely .

The European Commission proposed a new regulatory framework for chemicals , REACH ( Registration , Evaluation , and Authorization of Chemicals ) [ 78,79 ] ( Figure 1 ) .
the european commission proposed a new regulatory framework for chemicals , reach ( registration , evaluation , and [permission] of chemicals ) [ 78,79 ] ( figure 1 ) .

Chemicals found to be hazardous would be subject to an authorization procedure to show that they can be used safely or that there are no safer alternatives .
chemicals found to be hazardous would be subject to an [permission] procedure to show that they can be used safely or that there are no safer alternatives .

Indeed , Speaker-elect Bob Livingston was a co-sponsor of a defeated bill that would have allowed a patient to sue an HMO for damages when the plan 's withholding of authorization was linked to harm he or she suffered .
indeed , speaker-elect bob livingston was a co-sponsor of a defeated bill that would have allowed a patient to sue an hmo for damages when the plan 's withholding of [permission] was linked to harm he or she suffered .

References to his purported authorization of the Tiananmen Square massacre were politely buried .
references to his purported [permission] of the tiananmen square massacre were politely buried .

USAT flyspecks the latest revision in the Foreign Relations Authorization Act , engineered by Jesse Helms , which puts corporations -- including at least seven big tobacco companies -- at the head of the line of claimants to $ 1.3 billion in Iraqi funds frozen in U.S. banks , and puts Pacific Gulf war veterans , many of whom are suffering the effects of Iraqi chemical munitions , at the end of it .
usat flyspecks the latest revision in the foreign relations [permission] act , engineered by jesse helms , which puts corporations -- including at least seven big tobacco companies -- at the head of the line of claimants to $ 1.3 billion in iraqi funds frozen in u.s. banks , and puts pacific gulf war veterans , many of whom are suffering the effects of iraqi chemical munitions , at the end of it .

The second-largest U.S. HMO said that physicians would no longer need prior authorization for hospital admissions , tests , or minor surgeries .
the second-largest u.s. hmo said that physicians would no longer need prior [permission] for hospital admissions , tests , or minor surgeries .

Gore , however , picks two votes on which he differed specifically from Bradley : President Reagan 's budget cuts ( `` I wish that Bill had stood up to that one '' ) and the authorization to use force in the Persian Gulf ( on which Bradley voted no ) .
gore , however , picks two votes on which he differed specifically from bradley : president reagan 's budget cuts ( `` i wish that bill had stood up to that one '' ) and the [permission] to use force in the persian gulf ( on which bradley voted no ) .

The Italian papers Friday fronted what they called a snub to Pope John Paul II by China , when it consecrated five `` patriotic '' Roman Catholic bishops in Beijing without his authorization .
the italian papers friday fronted what they called a snub to pope john paul ii by china , when it consecrated five `` patriotic '' roman catholic bishops in beijing without his [permission] .

I think Plotz may be mistaken in saying the recent Iraq bombing needed authorization .
i think plotz may be mistaken in saying the recent iraq bombing needed [permission] .

In the 1980s , Democrats could be counted upon to argue that Republican presidents needed congressional authorization for military action .
in the 1980s , democrats could be counted upon to argue that republican presidents needed congressional [permission] for military action .

The NYT and the Post front NATO 's authorization of air strikes in Yugoslavia , to begin if the Serbian government and ethnic Albanian leaders do n't start talks on a Western-drafted peace plan by next Saturday .
the nyt and the post front nato 's [permission] of air strikes in yugoslavia , to begin if the serbian government and ethnic albanian leaders do n't start talks on a western-drafted peace plan by next saturday .

The toughest argument against Rosenfeld 's position , which he does n't really answer , comes when he notes that the administration 's position is that Bosnia and Somalia are examples of presidential use of force without prior , formal congressional authorization .
the toughest argument against rosenfeld 's position , which he does n't really answer , comes when he notes that the administration 's position is that bosnia and somalia are examples of presidential use of force without prior , formal congressional [permission] .

The New York Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times all lead with tobacco 's latest triumph : A federal appeals court in Richmond , VA , ruled Friday that the Food and Drug Administration can not regulate nicotine as a drug without explicit Congressional authorization .
the new york times , the washington post , and the los angeles times all lead with tobacco 's latest triumph : a federal appeals court in richmond , va , ruled friday that the food and drug administration can not regulate nicotine as a drug without explicit congressional [permission] .

USAT explains that the Saturn strike authorization -- voted for by 96 percent of the 5,000 workers who cast ballots -- means that the plant could be struck with five day 's notice .
usat explains that the saturn strike [permission] -- voted for by 96 percent of the 5,000 workers who cast ballots -- means that the plant could be struck with five day 's notice .

