-- The flavor of Baltimore's Florida Grapefruit League news ripened considerably late today when the Orioles were advised that Ron Hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the Army's military training program and is ready for belated spring training .
-- the flavor of baltimore's florida grapefruit league news ripened considerably late today when the orioles were advised that ron hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the army's military training program and is ready for [late] spring training .

Belated tribute
[late] tribute

It was their way of celebrating the belated arrival of the all male American dance troupe .
it was their way of celebrating the [late] arrival of the all male american dance troupe .

Those in his own party who have an ulterior motive in seeing the Government defeated over Maastricht have had their doubts about his leadership confirmed , not least by what appeared to be three conflicting government lines within one week and the belated admission that Parliament is a spectator rather than a player in the game .
those in his own party who have an ulterior motive in seeing the government defeated over maastricht have had their doubts about his leadership confirmed , not least by what appeared to be three conflicting government lines within one week and the [late] admission that parliament is a spectator rather than a player in the game .

D'Angelo also relates the example of corporate America waking up to the belated realisation that what has become known as ‘ the pink economy ’ represents significant purchasing power .
d'angelo also relates the example of corporate america waking up to the [late] realisation that what has become known as ‘ the pink economy ’ represents significant purchasing power .

In the 63rd minute , therefore , Robertson was introduced up front at the expense of a defender , McPherson , as Scotland made a belated attempt to improve on what had gone before .
in the 63rd minute , therefore , robertson was introduced up front at the expense of a defender , mcpherson , as scotland made a [late] attempt to improve on what had gone before .

Ruthin schoolboy Gareth Edwards , rated one of Wales ' outstanding young prospects , will make his belated senior county debut in this game .
ruthin schoolboy gareth edwards , rated one of wales ' outstanding young prospects , will make his [late] senior county debut in this game .

Ruthin schoolboy Gareth Edwards , rated one of Wales ' outstanding young prospects , will make his belated senior county debut in this game .
ruthin schoolboy gareth edwards , rated one of wales ' outstanding young prospects , will make his [late] senior county debut in this game .

The couple have spent the past six months buying furniture for their rooms within the Godfrey Ermen Home and are considering a belated honeymoon .
the couple have spent the past six months buying furniture for their rooms within the godfrey ermen home and are considering a [late] honeymoon .

Dates and September and October had proved to be difficult and beyond that , it would be a very belated welcome .
dates and september and october had proved to be difficult and beyond that , it would be a very [late] welcome .

Final 1 Rotherham 314 pts ; 2 Trafford 295 ; 3 City of Hull 249 ; 4 Border 240 ; 5 Gateshead 215 ; 6 Rowntree 207 ; 7 Stockport 164. — World mile record holder Steve Cram continued his belated build-up to this week 's Olympic trial by winning an 800 metres race for Jarrow and Hebburn in a modest 1min 51.1secs in a Panasonic Northern League Division Two match at Leeds .
final 1 rotherham 314 pts ; 2 trafford 295 ; 3 city of hull 249 ; 4 border 240 ; 5 gateshead 215 ; 6 rowntree 207 ; 7 stockport 164. — world mile record holder steve cram continued his [late] build-up to this week 's olympic trial by winning an 800 metres race for jarrow and hebburn in a modest 1min 51.1secs in a panasonic northern league division two match at leeds .

The belated heatwave has left many of them still itching — from insect bites .
the [late] heatwave has left many of them still itching — from insect bites .

With Ronny Rosenthal providing belated support for an isolated Rush and the Reds committed to attack , Spartak profited from the space to strike their decisive 62nd minute blow .
with ronny rosenthal providing [late] support for an isolated rush and the reds committed to attack , spartak profited from the space to strike their decisive 62nd minute blow .

It was a belated acknowledgement from the Academy that the ‘ permissive society ’ had arrived .
it was a [late] acknowledgement from the academy that the ‘ permissive society ’ had arrived .

There they were on the first , belated , league Saturday of the season , celebrating their arrival in the first division , unveiling new-look Sunbury as a showpiece of healthy ambition and running Bath so close that the perennial might of the champions was instantly called into question .
there they were on the first , [late] , league saturday of the season , celebrating their arrival in the first division , unveiling new-look sunbury as a showpiece of healthy ambition and running bath so close that the perennial might of the champions was instantly called into question .

He was given a belated birthday cake with 60 candles .
he was given a [late] birthday cake with 60 candles .

After lunch , Reeve removed Cairns with his eighth ball in Test cricket after making a belated entry into the attack in the 108th over , but only after Nottinghamshire 's new signing had made an increasingly fluent 61 .
after lunch , reeve removed cairns with his eighth ball in test cricket after making a [late] entry into the attack in the 108th over , but only after nottinghamshire 's new signing had made an increasingly fluent 61 .

Many belated advocates of a Lib-Lab agreement argue that it must also encompass both the standing down of Liberal Democrat candidates and negotiation of a full-scale policy for coalition government .
many [late] advocates of a lib-lab agreement argue that it must also encompass both the standing down of liberal democrat candidates and negotiation of a full-scale policy for coalition government .

Home cooking is provided in a reconstructed Welsh hill farm which overlooks a wildlife area sponsored by British Coal Opencast — perhaps a belated apology for destroying most of the surrounding countryside .
home cooking is provided in a reconstructed welsh hill farm which overlooks a wildlife area sponsored by british coal opencast — perhaps a [late] apology for destroying most of the surrounding countryside .

For this reason , Bachelard refers ironically to Sartre 's phenomenology as a belated form of alchemy .
for this reason , bachelard refers ironically to sartre 's phenomenology as a [late] form of alchemy .

Relatively late Soviet purchasing of plastics , synthetic fibre and compound and concentrated fertiliser technology is implied in the belated chemicalisation drive … The Soviet acquisition of computers has been relatively late … Soviet commercial acquisition of other major technologies , such as numerically controlled machine tools and offshore oil drilling has been relatively late .
relatively late soviet purchasing of plastics , synthetic fibre and compound and concentrated fertiliser technology is implied in the [late] chemicalisation drive … the soviet acquisition of computers has been relatively late … soviet commercial acquisition of other major technologies , such as numerically controlled machine tools and offshore oil drilling has been relatively late .

Doubtless they would also point to the misery , frustration , and sense of a life wasted , that this belated recognition would inspire in the children themselves .
doubtless they would also point to the misery , frustration , and sense of a life wasted , that this [late] recognition would inspire in the children themselves .

Finally , after Ruddock had made one clumsy , belated attempt to launch ‘ the Smash ’ , Lewis provided the killing brush strokes of the boxing artist .
finally , after ruddock had made one clumsy , [late] attempt to launch ‘ the smash ’ , lewis provided the killing brush strokes of the boxing artist .

These were held in belated recognition that the entirely private exercise last time had given the public not even a token opportunity to comment on the various applicants .
these were held in [late] recognition that the entirely private exercise last time had given the public not even a token opportunity to comment on the various applicants .

By the time ‘ 85/'86 came around , Swans were untouchable and starting to show sings of a belated accessibility .
by the time ‘ 85/'86 came around , swans were untouchable and starting to show sings of a [late] accessibility .

The greatest of 'em all , Abraham Lincoln , received a belated musical nod during 1968 , when songwriter Dick Holler linked the 16th President 's name to that of the Kennedy 's and Martin Luther King to provide Dion with a three million seller in ‘ Abraham , Martin And John ’ , while Ulysses Simpson Grant , the next Republican to be called to office in Lincoln 's wake , was hailed by Patrick Gilmore 's ‘ President Grant 's March ’ , which still gets played at the White House during various ceremonies , though far older is ‘ Hail To The Chief ’ , a ditty based on a poem by Sir Walter Scott , which was first played at the inauguration of James Knox Polk , in 1845 , and has been retained to announce the arrival of presidents ever since .
the greatest of 'em all , abraham lincoln , received a [late] musical nod during 1968 , when songwriter dick holler linked the 16th president 's name to that of the kennedy 's and martin luther king to provide dion with a three million seller in ‘ abraham , martin and john ’ , while ulysses simpson grant , the next republican to be called to office in lincoln 's wake , was hailed by patrick gilmore 's ‘ president grant 's march ’ , which still gets played at the white house during various ceremonies , though far older is ‘ hail to the chief ’ , a ditty based on a poem by sir walter scott , which was first played at the inauguration of james knox polk , in 1845 , and has been retained to announce the arrival of presidents ever since .

Its policies , domestic and foreign — not least its tardy entry into the European Community in January 1973 — have been largely a belated reaction to the original achievements of others .
its policies , domestic and foreign — not least its tardy entry into the european community in january 1973 — have been largely a [late] reaction to the original achievements of others .

In his post-war writings authorial intention , banished to the servants ' quarters by Richards and the American New Criticism , was restored to a dignity it should never have lost ; and his abandonment of discipleship to Richards now looks with hindsight both belated and inevitable .
in his post-war writings authorial intention , banished to the servants ' quarters by richards and the american new criticism , was restored to a dignity it should never have lost ; and his abandonment of discipleship to richards now looks with hindsight both [late] and inevitable .

It was the last day of March , and overnight the belated wind had arrived to clear every vestige of fog from the brick and stone of London .
it was the last day of march , and overnight the [late] wind had arrived to clear every vestige of fog from the brick and stone of london .

Allan Ramsay , the 17th century portraitist to the great and glamorous , is currently receiving belated acclaim .
allan ramsay , the 17th century portraitist to the great and glamorous , is currently receiving [late] acclaim .

The growing literature on local labour parties is a belated recognition of this ; nowhere is the point made more forcibly than in Savage 's ( 1987 ) study of labour politics in Preston from 1880 to 1940 .
the growing literature on local labour parties is a [late] recognition of this ; nowhere is the point made more forcibly than in savage 's ( 1987 ) study of labour politics in preston from 1880 to 1940 .

Advances in structuralism have had a belated impact on British historiography .
advances in structuralism have had a [late] impact on british historiography .

He was already by the door when she managed a belated thank you .
he was already by the door when she managed a [late] thank you .

The octagonal tower over the crossing , with its slated , candle-snuffer spire , is Gothic and was put on when the walls were raised , after 600 years the mild incongruity of this belated infidelity to the
the octagonal tower over the crossing , with its slated , candle-snuffer spire , is gothic and was put on when the walls were raised , after 600 years the mild incongruity of this [late] infidelity to the

The belated impact of Saussurian semiotics , Althusserian and other neo- and post-marxist theories of ideology , Lacanian psychoanalysis and its account of subjectivity and identity , the tradition of British cultural studies associated with people like Raymond Williams and Stuart Hall , various strands of feminism , Foucault 's concern with discourse and power : these are just some of the developments that today make it impossible to think of culture as a finite and self-sufficient body of contents , customs and traditions .
the [late] impact of saussurian semiotics , althusserian and other neo- and post-marxist theories of ideology , lacanian psychoanalysis and its account of subjectivity and identity , the tradition of british cultural studies associated with people like raymond williams and stuart hall , various strands of feminism , foucault 's concern with discourse and power : these are just some of the developments that today make it impossible to think of culture as a finite and self-sufficient body of contents , customs and traditions .

This point is also being registered in relation to sexism in schools ( Wolpe , 1989 ) and has provoked a more general rethinking of educational processes in which poststructuralist theorizing is beginning to exercise a belated , but in my view welcome , influence ( Walkerdine , 1991 ) .
this point is also being registered in relation to sexism in schools ( wolpe , 1989 ) and has provoked a more general rethinking of educational processes in which poststructuralist theorizing is beginning to exercise a [late] , but in my view welcome , influence ( walkerdine , 1991 ) .

The so-called Aragonese party ( led by the strong man of the military aristocracy , Aranda , who came to power in 1766 ) may , perhaps , be seen as a belated attempt to recover power , at a moment of crisis for the king , from the hands of professional civil servants .
the so-called aragonese party ( led by the strong man of the military aristocracy , aranda , who came to power in 1766 ) may , perhaps , be seen as a [late] attempt to recover power , at a moment of crisis for the king , from the hands of professional civil servants .

‘ Hence the ‘ belated honeymoon ’ he talked about , ’ said Julia . ‘ What sort of woman is she , the new wife ? ’
‘ hence the ‘ [late] honeymoon ’ he talked about , ’ said julia . ‘ what sort of woman is she , the new wife ? ’

If the crime had been other than murder he would have left it to his Scientific Officer assistant , not yet returned from a belated lunch .
if the crime had been other than murder he would have left it to his scientific officer assistant , not yet returned from a [late] lunch .

Dyson let the clutch in with a belated jerk which brought some hard and heavy object tumbling down from the dashboard to hit Bill Waddy on the knee and roll away out of sight beneath the front seats .
dyson let the clutch in with a [late] jerk which brought some hard and heavy object tumbling down from the dashboard to hit bill waddy on the knee and roll away out of sight beneath the front seats .

Jehan doubted if Mei Ling would be disturbed by her son 's descent into the water , but he thought it well to have attempted to do something , however belated .
jehan doubted if mei ling would be disturbed by her son 's descent into the water , but he thought it well to have attempted to do something , however [late] .

This was not percipience in my mother , but a belated riposte to my revelation , the day before , of the role of the chrysanthemum in foreign culture .
this was not percipience in my mother , but a [late] riposte to my revelation , the day before , of the role of the chrysanthemum in foreign culture .

In fact , various techniques and a belated statutory intervention have combined to lessen the effect of the omission .
in fact , various techniques and a [late] statutory intervention have combined to lessen the effect of the omission .

The Government response was belated and almost insulting .
the government response was [late] and almost insulting .

In the course of their observations several authors comment in passing on the confusion created by gratuitous editorial practices of reducing note-values to half those that the composer thought appropriate — a muddle which is exemplified perfectly by the printing of ‘ five minims ’ where , in terms of the music example supplied , ‘ five semibreves ’ was meant ( see line 27 of p.13 ) . If users of editions have no need for this particular intrusion , could they please let editors and publishers know , so that this now superannuated tinkering with the composer 's own notation can be brought to a belated but welcome end ?
in the course of their observations several authors comment in passing on the confusion created by gratuitous editorial practices of reducing note-values to half those that the composer thought appropriate — a muddle which is exemplified perfectly by the printing of ‘ five minims ’ where , in terms of the music example supplied , ‘ five semibreves ’ was meant ( see line 27 of p.13 ) . if users of editions have no need for this particular intrusion , could they please let editors and publishers know , so that this now superannuated tinkering with the composer 's own notation can be brought to a [late] but welcome end ?

Belated congratulations to Frank Russell , Sighthill Bindery , on his election success in May .
[late] congratulations to frank russell , sighthill bindery , on his election success in may .

Belated or not , the publication of the book led Williams into a collaboration with a group of local educators and teachers whose views on education , … ‘ the uplift of the people , the progress of the Teacher ’ , were very much in line with those of Williams .
[late] or not , the publication of the book led williams into a collaboration with a group of local educators and teachers whose views on education , … ‘ the uplift of the people , the progress of the teacher ’ , were very much in line with those of williams .

Although the Labour Left may have considered this official conversion to Socialism somewhat belated , it was attracted to the Peace Alliance only in so far as it represented a continuation of previous Unity campaigns .
although the labour left may have considered this official conversion to socialism somewhat [late] , it was attracted to the peace alliance only in so far as it represented a continuation of previous unity campaigns .

Round and round in her head had gone the memory of the evening , undoubtedly the most magical evening of her life , but tarnished now by the memory of how it had ended , with Guido 's crude brush-off and her belated realisation that he was in love with someone else .
round and round in her head had gone the memory of the evening , undoubtedly the most magical evening of her life , but tarnished now by the memory of how it had ended , with guido 's crude brush-off and her [late] realisation that he was in love with someone else .

‘ One day , perhaps , ’ she mumbled , while inside a belated thought occurred to her .
‘ one day , perhaps , ’ she mumbled , while inside a [late] thought occurred to her .

So she knew that before being coaxed into motor racing at the belated age of thirty Vitor had qualified as an architect and gained a Harvard business degree .
so she knew that before being coaxed into motor racing at the [late] age of thirty vitor had qualified as an architect and gained a harvard business degree .

Before the belated awareness of the plain 's potential fertility , the growing importance of the region owed at least as much to trade and communications .
before the [late] awareness of the plain 's potential fertility , the growing importance of the region owed at least as much to trade and communications .

Her discovery did , however , although belated , do much to help her understanding of the conversation : references hitherto obscure became suddenly clear .
her discovery did , however , although [late] , do much to help her understanding of the conversation : references hitherto obscure became suddenly clear .

For world trade was in serious decline and even the belated one-year moratorium on foreign debt payments , announced by Hoover in 1931 , failed to revive the ailing economies of Europe .
for world trade was in serious decline and even the [late] one-year moratorium on foreign debt payments , announced by hoover in 1931 , failed to revive the ailing economies of europe .

Some four years after a belated introduction to the first-class fold at the ripe old age of 27 , the quick from St Kitts did precisely that against Kent in a remarkable match at Guildford , then improved the bowling mark with 6 for 30 against Durham a fortnight later .
some four years after a [late] introduction to the first-class fold at the ripe old age of 27 , the quick from st kitts did precisely that against kent in a remarkable match at guildford , then improved the bowling mark with 6 for 30 against durham a fortnight later .

In March 1940 a puppet regime under the former nationalist Wang Jingwei was established in Nanjing in a belated attempt to increase Chinese support .
in march 1940 a puppet regime under the former nationalist wang jingwei was established in nanjing in a [late] attempt to increase chinese support .

The marquis made one belated attempt to warn her .
the marquis made one [late] attempt to warn her .

There are , consequently , those who view her conversion to the cause as belated , possibly opportunistic .
there are , consequently , those who view her conversion to the cause as [late] , possibly opportunistic .

But stolid stonewalling makes for poor copy and dull viewing , and eventually they let him go , although even then a few of the younger and hungrier among them followed him down the wide staircase and out into Piazza Matteotti , hoping for a belated indiscretion .
but stolid stonewalling makes for poor copy and dull viewing , and eventually they let him go , although even then a few of the younger and hungrier among them followed him down the wide staircase and out into piazza matteotti , hoping for a [late] indiscretion .

The Financial Times of Sept. 7 observed that the decree `` amounts to a belated admission by the Soviet authorities of the sorry state of discipline in the military , with widespread tales of racial discrimination , bullying , gang warfare , and chronic disregard for safety regulations in soldiers ' training `` .
the financial times of sept. 7 observed that the decree `` amounts to a [late] admission by the soviet authorities of the sorry state of discipline in the military , with widespread tales of racial discrimination , bullying , gang warfare , and chronic disregard for safety regulations in soldiers ' training `` .

The Revolution certainly marked a belated victory for the policy of Exclusion , and finally established the legislative sovereignty of Parliament .
the revolution certainly marked a [late] victory for the policy of exclusion , and finally established the legislative sovereignty of parliament .

The exemption of gifts and bequests between spouses is certainly to be welcomed , and the amended regulations which provide reasonable scope for gifts to charity are a belated honouring of the promise in the White Paper that charities would be at least as well off as under the old estate duty .
the exemption of gifts and bequests between spouses is certainly to be welcomed , and the amended regulations which provide reasonable scope for gifts to charity are a [late] honouring of the promise in the white paper that charities would be at least as well off as under the old estate duty .

The need for the recommendation of a high-ranking scholar provided a control on the quality of the intake-as long , of course , as the scholar were reasonably honest-while the quantity could be controlled by altering a number of factors , for example , the period at which the regular investiture took place , the number of ceremonial occasions on which special investitures might occur or the number of students the holder of any given office might invest as Interesting , though extremely belated , attempts to control both the quality and the quantity of are represented by two decrees of the year 1715 , by which time the system had very nearly completely broken down .
the need for the recommendation of a high-ranking scholar provided a control on the quality of the intake-as long , of course , as the scholar were reasonably honest-while the quantity could be controlled by altering a number of factors , for example , the period at which the regular investiture took place , the number of ceremonial occasions on which special investitures might occur or the number of students the holder of any given office might invest as interesting , though extremely [late] , attempts to control both the quality and the quantity of are represented by two decrees of the year 1715 , by which time the system had very nearly completely broken down .

In late July , Mrs Rosalia Alderley , accompanied by her husband and her son — on holiday from school — in addition to her remaining daughter , made a belated appearance in the seaside resort of Brighton , made fashionable by the young Prince of Wales and his followers .
in late july , mrs rosalia alderley , accompanied by her husband and her son — on holiday from school — in addition to her remaining daughter , made a [late] appearance in the seaside resort of brighton , made fashionable by the young prince of wales and his followers .

’ One of the men voiced his somewhat belated fear and it was immediately taken up by others .
’ one of the men voiced his somewhat [late] fear and it was immediately taken up by others .

Her despair at this belated realisation had rendered her only half aware of being dragged down the gallery stairs and across a hall humming with surprised murmurs .
her despair at this [late] realisation had rendered her only half aware of being dragged down the gallery stairs and across a hall humming with surprised murmurs .

‘ Fortunately , ’ she said in belated response to Frere 's remark of a moment before , ‘ the drive to the Rectory is not far . ’
‘ fortunately , ’ she said in [late] response to frere 's remark of a moment before , ‘ the drive to the rectory is not far . ’

It was as he was shepherding the tail end out that the headmaster made a belated appearance .
it was as he was shepherding the tail end out that the headmaster made a [late] appearance .

Richard Crossman , for one , in 1965 lamented , ‘ How much more humane and imaginative our post-war reconstruction would have proved if government departments had been invigorated by an influx of experts with special knowledge , new ideas and a sympathy for the Government 's domestic and foreign policies ’ .3– George Brown 's National Plan of 1965 represented a belated attempt to recapture the ground perceived to have been lost since the war ended .
richard crossman , for one , in 1965 lamented , ‘ how much more humane and imaginative our post-war reconstruction would have proved if government departments had been invigorated by an influx of experts with special knowledge , new ideas and a sympathy for the government 's domestic and foreign policies ’ .3– george brown 's national plan of 1965 represented a [late] attempt to recapture the ground perceived to have been lost since the war ended .

In mid-October the Bank of England raised its discount rate — a belated attempt to stem the flood of credit it had itself created .
in mid-october the bank of england raised its discount rate — a [late] attempt to stem the flood of credit it had itself created .

The Serrano government sent Menchu belated congratulations but refused her an official reception .
the serrano government sent menchu [late] congratulations but refused her an official reception .

The British initially negotiated with the Vichy authorities and showed no enthusiasm for replacing them with Free French officials , and in the end made belated concessions to appease Free French sensibilities .
the british initially negotiated with the vichy authorities and showed no enthusiasm for replacing them with free french officials , and in the end made [late] concessions to appease free french sensibilities .

In a belated attempt at conciliation , the Japanese Government announced in mid September that the drift-net fleet in the Tasman Sea for the 1989–90 season would be reduced to 20 vessels , in the hope that the South Pacific nations could be diverted from their diplomatic assault .
in a [late] attempt at conciliation , the japanese government announced in mid september that the drift-net fleet in the tasman sea for the 1989–90 season would be reduced to 20 vessels , in the hope that the south pacific nations could be diverted from their diplomatic assault .

The belated correction : investment in agriculture will be increased by 30 % ; curbs on the money supply will be relaxed ; loans will be given to exporters and indebted state enterprises ; ‘ specialised groups ’ will be set up to break ‘ debt chains ’ between enterprises .
the [late] correction : investment in agriculture will be increased by 30 % ; curbs on the money supply will be relaxed ; loans will be given to exporters and indebted state enterprises ; ‘ specialised groups ’ will be set up to break ‘ debt chains ’ between enterprises .

Although belated , the gesture will win Mr Kaifu kudos in Washington , and guarantee a warm welcome for him at the London summit of rich countries ' leaders in July .
although [late] , the gesture will win mr kaifu kudos in washington , and guarantee a warm welcome for him at the london summit of rich countries ' leaders in july .

Kiwis deserve belated fruits Paul Fitzpatrick on New Zealand 's quest for recognition .
kiwis deserve [late] fruits paul fitzpatrick on new zealand 's quest for recognition .

Wigan 's less grand Central Park should offer belated compensation .
wigan 's less grand central park should offer [late] compensation .

He had also married Marina Simionescu in 1980 , a partnership dissolved four years later and enshrined in between times by what now appears a very sad little book , Love Match , Mariana 's ‘ belated wedding present ’ to her husband .
he had also married marina simionescu in 1980 , a partnership dissolved four years later and enshrined in between times by what now appears a very sad little book , love match , mariana 's ‘ [late] wedding present ’ to her husband .

Bonanza Boy 's trainer Martin Pipe fancies Huntworth ahead of Bonanza Boy and Omerta , the Irish National winner who makes a belated seasonal reappearance .
bonanza boy 's trainer martin pipe fancies huntworth ahead of bonanza boy and omerta , the irish national winner who makes a [late] seasonal reappearance .

It is part of a drive towards ‘ ability ’ in computer systems , a belated acknowledgement that designers should address not just what the system should do but also who will use it , how frequently , what tasks they must perform , what environment it will be used in ( eg quiet or noisy , light or dark ) , and what the critical success factors are ( eg speed or accuracy ) .
it is part of a drive towards ‘ ability ’ in computer systems , a [late] acknowledgement that designers should address not just what the system should do but also who will use it , how frequently , what tasks they must perform , what environment it will be used in ( eg quiet or noisy , light or dark ) , and what the critical success factors are ( eg speed or accuracy ) .

This was indeed good advice but considering that the full impact of ‘ 1992 ’ is just around the corner , his advice was rather belated .
this was indeed good advice but considering that the full impact of ‘ 1992 ’ is just around the corner , his advice was rather [late] .

Since employees often complain about receiving belated information particular management attention should be given to correct timing .
since employees often complain about receiving [late] information particular management attention should be given to correct timing .

a belated attempt to meet minority principles in a plural democracy by avoiding any definition and by restoring ultimate power of decision to the Oireachtas [ Parliament ] .
a [late] attempt to meet minority principles in a plural democracy by avoiding any definition and by restoring ultimate power of decision to the oireachtas [ parliament ] .

Endara 's belated rise to power comes as mixed blessing .
endara 's [late] rise to power comes as mixed blessing .

Thus , the marked advance of women in education and in the professions in the seventies was a notable , if belated testament to social advance , even if some of this progress owed much to the belligerent assertiveness of the feminist movement as well .
thus , the marked advance of women in education and in the professions in the seventies was a notable , if [late] testament to social advance , even if some of this progress owed much to the belligerent assertiveness of the feminist movement as well .

This rather belated official intervention has not met with much success .
this rather [late] official intervention has not met with much success .

Wont Be Gone Long was making a belated seasonal reappearance due to a nasty cut on a hind leg , but now fully recovered , he loves this fast ground and obviously jumps for fun .
wont be gone long was making a [late] seasonal reappearance due to a nasty cut on a hind leg , but now fully recovered , he loves this fast ground and obviously jumps for fun .

The national curriculum can be seen as the answer , albeit belated , to the demands of the Great Debate .
the national curriculum can be seen as the answer , albeit [late] , to the demands of the great debate .

Belated Prussian efforts to improve the dock facilities in Danzig and to modernise the port were aided considerably by the Great Flood of 1840 which altered the course of the Vistula and opened up a new river mouth through the delta .
[late] prussian efforts to improve the dock facilities in danzig and to modernise the port were aided considerably by the great flood of 1840 which altered the course of the vistula and opened up a new river mouth through the delta .

Under Attlee 's chairmanship the new Cabinet committee became the most important in the system , the one where all the big economic issues-domestic and overseas — were handled.38 Armstrong , by this time back in the Treasury , had the belated satisfaction of witnessing a modest committee cull .
under attlee 's chairmanship the new cabinet committee became the most important in the system , the one where all the big economic issues-domestic and overseas — were handled.38 armstrong , by this time back in the treasury , had the [late] satisfaction of witnessing a modest committee cull .

Hence the belated and misguided call from Kenneth Baker for longer school days — again betraying a rather narrow view of the use of time — which has been one of the unremarked and growing features of secondary curriculum development of the last twenty years .
hence the [late] and misguided call from kenneth baker for longer school days — again betraying a rather narrow view of the use of time — which has been one of the unremarked and growing features of secondary curriculum development of the last twenty years .

It is a belated recognition that good learning is as much about knowing how and why as about knowing what — as much about process as about product .
it is a [late] recognition that good learning is as much about knowing how and why as about knowing what — as much about process as about product .

The excuse for the 1928 ‘ infirmary pie ’ was to raise £1,000 to endow in perpetuity a bed at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary , but to many people it was really a somewhat belated celebration of the end of the 1914–18 war .
the excuse for the 1928 ‘ infirmary pie ’ was to raise £1,000 to endow in perpetuity a bed at huddersfield royal infirmary , but to many people it was really a somewhat [late] celebration of the end of the 1914–18 war .

Your tribute to Derailleur , who as you reminded readers ( This week , 21 April , p 135 ) ‘ invented his [ bicycle gear ] system in the 1920s ’ was as welcome as it was belated , But Derailleur is only one of the many forgotten pioneers of road transport .
your tribute to derailleur , who as you reminded readers ( this week , 21 april , p 135 ) ‘ invented his [ bicycle gear ] system in the 1920s ’ was as welcome as it was [late] , but derailleur is only one of the many forgotten pioneers of road transport .

The research councils , and the Science and Engineering and the Medical Research Councils in particular , deserve much praise for their albeit slightly belated efforts to pinpoint growth areas , such as microelectronics , information technology , biotechnology and remote-sensing .
the research councils , and the science and engineering and the medical research councils in particular , deserve much praise for their albeit slightly [late] efforts to pinpoint growth areas , such as microelectronics , information technology , biotechnology and remote-sensing .

Any of these factors , as well as the renewed need to know and understand themselves which occurs at midlife , may lead to a belated search for their roots .
any of these factors , as well as the renewed need to know and understand themselves which occurs at midlife , may lead to a [late] search for their roots .

It was while they were finishing their belated tea that Mrs Blunt arrived .
it was while they were finishing their [late] tea that mrs blunt arrived .

Were Here , Valentine 's Day ( Belated ) .
were here , valentine 's day ( [late] ) .

The Rajputs made a belated alliance and fought valiantly from one desert fortress to another , but their elephants could not match their opponents ’ fast horses and Afghan cavalry firing superior crossbows at the gallop .
the rajputs made a [late] alliance and fought valiantly from one desert fortress to another , but their elephants could not match their opponents ’ fast horses and afghan cavalry firing superior crossbows at the gallop .

When Shehhi , while still in the UAE in January 2000 , held a belated wedding celebration ( he actually had been married in 1999 ) , a friend of his was surprised to see that he had shaved off his beard and was acting like his old self again .
when shehhi , while still in the uae in january 2000 , held a [late] wedding celebration ( he actually had been married in 1999 ) , a friend of his was surprised to see that he had shaved off his beard and was acting like his old self again .

In early March , Cressey wrote Rice and Hadley that at a belated wedding reception at Tarnak Farms for one of Bin Ladin 's sons , the al Qaeda leader had read a new poem gloating about the attack on the Cole .
in early march , cressey wrote rice and hadley that at a [late] wedding reception at tarnak farms for one of bin ladin 's sons , the al qaeda leader had read a new poem gloating about the attack on the cole .

The WP editorial on the budget manages not to feel Mr. Clinton 's gain , saying of all the players : `` They reached belated agreement on a single massive bill that takes the place of eight lesser bills they should have passed earlier .
the wp editorial on the budget manages not to feel mr. clinton 's gain , saying of all the players : `` they reached [late] agreement on a single massive bill that takes the place of eight lesser bills they should have passed earlier .

Their arguments in the trial 's final days are replete with desperate , belated appeals to the popular will .
their arguments in the trial 's final days are replete with desperate , [late] appeals to the popular will .

It might not be too much of an exaggeration to say that the antitrust cases brought against the trust in the early 1900s were not just belated but were fast becoming superfluous . ''
it might not be too much of an exaggeration to say that the antitrust cases brought against the trust in the early 1900s were not just [late] but were fast becoming superfluous . ''

The Daily Telegraph , the Financial Times , and the Independent ran editorials Friday about Britain 's re-establishment this week of diplomatic relations with Tripoli following Libya 's belated admission of responsibility for the 1984 death of a British policewoman who was killed by shots fired from the Libyan Embassy in London .
the daily telegraph , the financial times , and the independent ran editorials friday about britain 's re-establishment this week of diplomatic relations with tripoli following libya 's [late] admission of responsibility for the 1984 death of a british policewoman who was killed by shots fired from the libyan embassy in london .

For this `` once-bespectacled feminist who recently turned 51 , '' gushes the Times , `` her new role as cover girl is merely belated proof of her transformation -- no snorting -- into one of the most revered and glamorous Ladies ever . ''
for this `` once-bespectacled feminist who recently turned 51 , '' gushes the times , `` her new role as cover girl is merely [late] proof of her transformation -- no snorting -- into one of the most revered and glamorous ladies ever . ''

The opinion mafia guffaws over Hillary 's belated opposition to her husband 's proposed clemency for 16 Puerto Rican terrorists .
the opinion mafia guffaws over hillary 's [late] opposition to her husband 's proposed clemency for 16 puerto rican terrorists .

As for Hillary 's belated disagreement with her husband over the clemency , even her defenders -- such as Capital Gang 's Al Hunt -- note that the move has only confirmed the stereotype of Hillary as tin-eared and imperious .
as for hillary 's [late] disagreement with her husband over the clemency , even her defenders -- such as capital gang 's al hunt -- note that the move has only confirmed the stereotype of hillary as tin-eared and imperious .

They interpret the `` next generation '' strategy , Gates ' assignment to it , and his adversarial references to AOL as a belated concession that AOL was right about the primacy of the Internet , Microsoft was wrong about the primacy of the PC , and Microsoft now has to play catch-up .
they interpret the `` next generation '' strategy , gates ' assignment to it , and his adversarial references to aol as a [late] concession that aol was right about the primacy of the internet , microsoft was wrong about the primacy of the pc , and microsoft now has to play catch-up .

Another front-page piece chronicles Microsoft 's belated efforts to win friends in Washington .
another front-page piece chronicles microsoft 's [late] efforts to win friends in washington .

Monday was a day on which the European pundits who had n't yet managed to get their hands on the story rushed to have their belated say , many of them posing as Old World sophisticates bewildered by the simple-minded puritanism of the United States .
monday was a day on which the european pundits who had n't yet managed to get their hands on the story rushed to have their [late] say , many of them posing as old world sophisticates bewildered by the simple-minded puritanism of the united states .

This week 's anti-American stories included a full-pager Wednesday headlined `` Once Again Cuba Does n't Lie , '' about a belated CIA admission in the Los Angeles Times that Thomas Willard Ray , shot down over Cuba in an American fighter bomber in 1961 , was on a covert CIA mission .
this week 's anti-american stories included a full-pager wednesday headlined `` once again cuba does n't lie , '' about a [late] cia admission in the los angeles times that thomas willard ray , shot down over cuba in an american fighter bomber in 1961 , was on a covert cia mission .

Other recent examples include the alleged off-camera tantrums had by Bill Clinton and Janet Reno over the belated discovery of the coffee videos , and yesterday 's report about how somebody high up in the White House nearly throttled an ATF agent over the discovery that ATF was letting scads of assault weapons into the country .
other recent examples include the alleged off-camera tantrums had by bill clinton and janet reno over the [late] discovery of the coffee videos , and yesterday 's report about how somebody high up in the white house nearly throttled an atf agent over the discovery that atf was letting scads of assault weapons into the country .

In what is either a belated acknowledgment of your investment -- and his own -- or , less likely , a more directly subversive move , he starts reeling in the lines about 100 pages from the end .
in what is either a [late] acknowledgment of your investment -- and his own -- or , less likely , a more directly subversive move , he starts reeling in the lines about 100 pages from the end .

Disassociating himself from right-wing conspirators is an admirable but `` belated '' move , says Al Hunt ( CNN 's Capital Gang ) .
disassociating himself from right-wing conspirators is an admirable but `` [late] '' move , says al hunt ( cnn 's capital gang ) .

Bunt , struck by a belated attachment to his native Hong Kong , falls in love with an employee named Mei-ping .
bunt , struck by a [late] attachment to his native hong kong , falls in love with an employee named mei-ping .

His first ( belated ) taste of cyberspace came in 1991 , when he connected to the WELL , the Bay Area bulletin-board system .
his first ( [late] ) taste of cyberspace came in 1991 , when he connected to the well , the bay area bulletin-board system .

There were others , too : His decision to support NAFTA and his belated intervention in Bosnia .
there were others , too : his decision to support nafta and his [late] intervention in bosnia .

Instead , he 's a lone and often belated moralist , eaten up with remorse and anxiety , pushed into unsavory experimentation less by runaway curiosity than by unscrupulous corporate overlords .
instead , he 's a lone and often [late] moralist , eaten up with remorse and anxiety , pushed into unsavory experimentation less by runaway curiosity than by unscrupulous corporate overlords .

A belated discovery .
a [late] discovery .

According to press-box history and grandstand legend , the name was a belated tribute to Lou “ Chief ” Sockalexis , the first Native American to play professional baseball .
according to press-box history and grandstand legend , the name was a [late] tribute to lou “ chief ” sockalexis , the first native american to play professional baseball .

