We do not defeat the good ones with this cruelty , but we add to their burden , while expecting them to bestow saintliness upon us in return for ostentatious church attendance and a few bucks a week , American cash .
we do not defeat the good ones with this cruelty , but we add to their burden , while expecting them to [give/provide] saintliness upon us in return for ostentatious church attendance and a few bucks a week , american cash .

`` Pulley Bey insisted that she bestow her favors on him '' , the friend continued .
`` pulley bey insisted that she [give/provide] her favors on him '' , the friend continued .

Roxburgh is undeniably aware of this but unwilling to name his side one month in advance or bestow on Ferguson the title of the finished article .
roxburgh is undeniably aware of this but unwilling to name his side one month in advance or [give/provide] on ferguson the title of the finished article .

Its characteristics are personal acquisitiveness , set free by generous tax cuts for the rich and a licensed pursuit of the fast buck ; markets , including foreign exchange , left unfettered to bestow their dynamism on the economy ; a state rolled as far back as is electorally tenable ; and a participatory capitalism , based on profit rather than ownership , where almost anything is a commodity to be traded .
its characteristics are personal acquisitiveness , set free by generous tax cuts for the rich and a licensed pursuit of the fast buck ; markets , including foreign exchange , left unfettered to [give/provide] their dynamism on the economy ; a state rolled as far back as is electorally tenable ; and a participatory capitalism , based on profit rather than ownership , where almost anything is a commodity to be traded .

Athletic 's national director of coaching , Frank Dick says : ‘ The award is the highest honour we can bestow upon these coaches , who have made enormous contribution to the craft of coaching . ’
athletic 's national director of coaching , frank dick says : ‘ the award is the highest honour we can [give/provide] upon these coaches , who have made enormous contribution to the craft of coaching . ’

Training programmes and personal preparation of salespeople should pay particular attention to deriving the customer benefits their products bestow .
training programmes and personal preparation of salespeople should pay particular attention to deriving the customer benefits their products [give/provide] .

We are still eager to bestow riches beyond belief , each month , upon the author of a letter which we deem either brimming with astute observations or glowing with sharp wit .
we are still eager to [give/provide] riches beyond belief , each month , upon the author of a letter which we deem either brimming with astute observations or glowing with sharp wit .

’ Indirect Rulers ranked self-respect above all the other blessings they could bestow , wealth , health , and the conveniences of modern life paling by comparison , if they were not actually to be regarded as injurious .
’ indirect rulers ranked self-respect above all the other blessings they could [give/provide] , wealth , health , and the conveniences of modern life paling by comparison , if they were not actually to be regarded as injurious .

They know that it is not as important as good health , a contented mind , or that gift that the poet Ruth Pitter said was the one she would choose , above all others , to bestow upon a child at birth — ‘ love in old age ’ .
they know that it is not as important as good health , a contented mind , or that gift that the poet ruth pitter said was the one she would choose , above all others , to [give/provide] upon a child at birth — ‘ love in old age ’ .

It has the added advantage that it accentuates the role of the cycle as a benign form of transport , one which can bestow peace and tranquillity not only on its user but also on the general urban scene .
it has the added advantage that it accentuates the role of the cycle as a benign form of transport , one which can [give/provide] peace and tranquillity not only on its user but also on the general urban scene .

Fairies often bestow them as gifts upon favoured mortals for , when they mate with mortal stock , the offspring will enjoy superior stamina and strength .
fairies often [give/provide] them as gifts upon favoured mortals for , when they mate with mortal stock , the offspring will enjoy superior stamina and strength .

Mermaids were sometimes captured and kept for the knowledge they could bestow upon humans , particularly their understanding of herbal lore and their gifts of prophecy . Chambers wrote of a mermaid who gave a lad medical advice for his sweetheart 's illness :
mermaids were sometimes captured and kept for the knowledge they could [give/provide] upon humans , particularly their understanding of herbal lore and their gifts of prophecy . chambers wrote of a mermaid who gave a lad medical advice for his sweetheart 's illness :

In front of Fraser , Ramsay himself had to be more restrained than he would have wished , but at least Agnes 's cheerful kisses allowed him to bestow a like greeting on her sister , Fraser looking on somewhat askance .
in front of fraser , ramsay himself had to be more restrained than he would have wished , but at least agnes 's cheerful kisses allowed him to [give/provide] a like greeting on her sister , fraser looking on somewhat askance .

The process is satirically described by Nashe in the Anatomie of Martin Marprelate : ‘ Having bestowed his bowels in a ditch … and filled his hungry belly … with coal dust , for spice they could not bestow ( his carrion being not worth it ) and sawdust they could have none ; they wrapped him in a blanket … for that all others are lapped in sheets .
the process is satirically described by nashe in the anatomie of martin marprelate : ‘ having bestowed his bowels in a ditch … and filled his hungry belly … with coal dust , for spice they could not [give/provide] ( his carrion being not worth it ) and sawdust they could have none ; they wrapped him in a blanket … for that all others are lapped in sheets .

The thrill , and perhaps the claim to posterity , is in being able to bestow a name on a rose that is different to anything seen before .
the thrill , and perhaps the claim to posterity , is in being able to [give/provide] a name on a rose that is different to anything seen before .

It is believed to bestow merit and prosperity and acts as a protective circle preventing harm coming to the circumambulator .
it is believed to [give/provide] merit and prosperity and acts as a protective circle preventing harm coming to the circumambulator .

Instances of dead people brought back to life ( Matt. 10:8 ; Luke 9:2 ; John 11:44 ) were also a sign of the life in abundance which Christ came to bestow ( John 10:10 ) .
instances of dead people brought back to life ( matt. 10:8 ; luke 9:2 ; john 11:44 ) were also a sign of the life in abundance which christ came to [give/provide] ( john 10:10 ) .

More shamefully , some owners of newly acquired imposing homes delight in ‘ libraries ’ which , seen in the gloom or at a distance , bestow a pretty glow of opulence and erudition but which , at close quarters , disintegrate into a heterogeneous muddle of worthless books , sometimes bought in bulk .
more shamefully , some owners of newly acquired imposing homes delight in ‘ libraries ’ which , seen in the gloom or at a distance , [give/provide] a pretty glow of opulence and erudition but which , at close quarters , disintegrate into a heterogeneous muddle of worthless books , sometimes bought in bulk .

All that exists , having been created by him , is his property — his to withhold , to bestow , and eventually to reclaim .
all that exists , having been created by him , is his property — his to withhold , to [give/provide] , and eventually to reclaim .

Thus intuition comes in twice , firstly to tell us general truths to the effect that certain natural characteristics bestow prima facie obligatoriness , and secondly to tell us which of various alternative acts is more stringently obligatory .
thus intuition comes in twice , firstly to tell us general truths to the effect that certain natural characteristics [give/provide] prima facie obligatoriness , and secondly to tell us which of various alternative acts is more stringently obligatory .

It is unclear what motivated Capella to bestow the space drive on the little rodents .
it is unclear what motivated capella to [give/provide] the space drive on the little rodents .

His presence was not a bad one to bestow , and his words carried across dead air with a kind of comfort .
his presence was not a bad one to [give/provide] , and his words carried across dead air with a kind of comfort .

This was particularly the case when Marcia Williams , having been powerfully lobbied by Arnold Wesker , was determined to persuade Harold Wilson to bestow some extra support on ‘ Centre 42 ’ , which was Wesker 's notion of an organisation to supervise the growth of the arts in this country .
this was particularly the case when marcia williams , having been powerfully lobbied by arnold wesker , was determined to persuade harold wilson to [give/provide] some extra support on ‘ centre 42 ’ , which was wesker 's notion of an organisation to supervise the growth of the arts in this country .

If finance allowed , the creation of a college bursary for a church musician to spend a period in residence would bestow great enrichment upon both the community and upon the individual .
if finance allowed , the creation of a college bursary for a church musician to spend a period in residence would [give/provide] great enrichment upon both the community and upon the individual .

Early in 1943 , Tojo Hideki announced that Japan would bestow independence on Burma and the Philippines .
early in 1943 , tojo hideki announced that japan would [give/provide] independence on burma and the philippines .

It is doubtful how many of those who bestow gifts of coral on infants appreciate that their forebears did so to protect them from bewitchment .
it is doubtful how many of those who [give/provide] gifts of coral on infants appreciate that their forebears did so to protect them from bewitchment .

Their seniors bestow it with increasing effectiveness as their seniority increases .
their seniors [give/provide] it with increasing effectiveness as their seniority increases .

He would accept all of them ; presently he would cross the floor to where they would stand , and he would bestow acceptance on them .
he would accept all of them ; presently he would cross the floor to where they would stand , and he would [give/provide] acceptance on them .

We must not lose the ability to bestow membership on those very able people in the allied professionals of accountancy , banking and insurance for example .
we must not lose the ability to [give/provide] membership on those very able people in the allied professionals of accountancy , banking and insurance for example .

‘ Oh , never with any heart to deprive you , ’ protested Herluin , ‘ but in compassion for a monastic house brought to ruin might she not feel bound to exert herself to deliver ? Trusting to your generosity to respect the need , and add to your alms already given the power and grace she could bestow ? For certain it is that she did leave your enclave with my men , and with them took the road to Ramsey . Why so , if she had no wish to depart from you , and none to come and abide with us ? ’
‘ oh , never with any heart to deprive you , ’ protested herluin , ‘ but in compassion for a monastic house brought to ruin might she not feel bound to exert herself to deliver ? trusting to your generosity to respect the need , and add to your alms already given the power and grace she could [give/provide] ? for certain it is that she did leave your enclave with my men , and with them took the road to ramsey . why so , if she had no wish to depart from you , and none to come and abide with us ? ’

She looked at him with a derisive little smile — the sort of smile a lamb might bestow on a wolf promising that being eaten alive wo n't hurt .
she looked at him with a derisive little smile — the sort of smile a lamb might [give/provide] on a wolf promising that being eaten alive wo n't hurt .

Nature had simply seen fit to bestow on her a tall , long-legged and generously curvaceous frame , topping it off with a face that could easily grace any magazine cover , with its high cheekbones , slanting tawny-coloured eyes and full provocative mouth .
nature had simply seen fit to [give/provide] on her a tall , long-legged and generously curvaceous frame , topping it off with a face that could easily grace any magazine cover , with its high cheekbones , slanting tawny-coloured eyes and full provocative mouth .

He looked upon bishoprics as rewards which he could bestow upon clerks who served him loyally and efficiently .
he looked upon bishoprics as rewards which he could [give/provide] upon clerks who served him loyally and efficiently .

The Permanent Court held that although the parties to a treaty could bestow rights upon a third party there was a presumption against this , a presumption which Poland had not rebutted .
the permanent court held that although the parties to a treaty could [give/provide] rights upon a third party there was a presumption against this , a presumption which poland had not rebutted .

The United States Senate rejected this provision because it thought it would bestow legal rights upon third parties .
the united states senate rejected this provision because it thought it would [give/provide] legal rights upon third parties .

`` that the highest praise they can bestow on the Masters is merited by them .
`` that the highest praise they can [give/provide] on the masters is merited by them .

Her irritation was over and she was prepared to bestow a smile on him . ``
her irritation was over and she was prepared to [give/provide] a smile on him . ``

In India , Sai Babr produces ash and medallions for the patients on whom he wishes to bestow energy .
in india , sai babr produces ash and medallions for the patients on whom he wishes to [give/provide] energy .

Male homosexuals in a large number of cases , says Freud , do not give up the mother and find another woman as sexual object , but they identify with their mother : ‘ he transforms himself into her and now looks about for objects which can replace his ego for him and on which he can bestow such love and care as he has experienced with his mother ’ .
male homosexuals in a large number of cases , says freud , do not give up the mother and find another woman as sexual object , but they identify with their mother : ‘ he transforms himself into her and now looks about for objects which can replace his ego for him and on which he can [give/provide] such love and care as he has experienced with his mother ’ .

There were no hands to shake , no words of sympathy to bestow , no reception to dispel the tension and revitalise our spirits .
there were no hands to shake , no words of sympathy to [give/provide] , no reception to dispel the tension and revitalise our spirits .

And if Gemma had chosen , at the end of the day , to bestow her well-dowered hand upon a penniless stranger then Amabel had no apologies to make for it , since the Queen had done the very same ; her German Albert , although a prince and full of education and charm , not having two farthings to call his own .
and if gemma had chosen , at the end of the day , to [give/provide] her well-dowered hand upon a penniless stranger then amabel had no apologies to make for it , since the queen had done the very same ; her german albert , although a prince and full of education and charm , not having two farthings to call his own .

Lady Merchiston was under no obligation to bestow her property except as she saw fit .
lady merchiston was under no obligation to [give/provide] her property except as she saw fit .

How does a woman with a large inheritance commonly bestow it on a man ?
how does a woman with a large inheritance commonly [give/provide] it on a man ?

Many people have become paupers after their association with her but the pleasure of her company can only be had as long as one is in possession of riches to bestow on her .
many people have become paupers after their association with her but the pleasure of her company can only be had as long as one is in possession of riches to [give/provide] on her .

Only the previous day Louisa had been pondering a passage from the Aurelia occulta in which Mercurius promised to bestow on the adept the powers of male and female , of heaven and earth .
only the previous day louisa had been pondering a passage from the aurelia occulta in which mercurius promised to [give/provide] on the adept the powers of male and female , of heaven and earth .

He had called her a princess , and vowed that she was every bit as beautiful as her mother , and he would n't know ( such would be his terrible dilemma ) where to bestow his heart .
he had called her a princess , and vowed that she was every bit as beautiful as her mother , and he would n't know ( such would be his terrible dilemma ) where to [give/provide] his heart .

May he bestow the riches of his peace upon us , bring us the good news of salvation and always fill us with love for all peoples .
may he [give/provide] the riches of his peace upon us , bring us the good news of salvation and always fill us with love for all peoples .

Without her wishing it to be so , it seemed in the nature of things for her always to seek favour and her mistress to bestow it .
without her wishing it to be so , it seemed in the nature of things for her always to seek favour and her mistress to [give/provide] it .

On his deathbed at Pentecost 337 he was baptized by a bishop whose sympathies happened to be Arian ; much later legend made Pope Silvester bestow the lifegiving baptismal water .
on his deathbed at pentecost 337 he was baptized by a bishop whose sympathies happened to be arian ; much later legend made pope silvester [give/provide] the lifegiving baptismal water .

Charlemagne himself sometimes referred to royal favour as a sanction , and a ruler with as great conquests of territory as his had many rewards to bestow or withhold .
charlemagne himself sometimes referred to royal favour as a sanction , and a ruler with as great conquests of territory as his had many rewards to [give/provide] or withhold .

The same is true of one who delivers articles to another in order that the latter may bestow his labour upon them .
the same is true of one who delivers articles to another in order that the latter may [give/provide] his labour upon them .

Why is it that they bestow their ardour upon the well-adjusted , wholesome architects of pop 's fatal new maturity ?
why is it that they [give/provide] their ardour upon the well-adjusted , wholesome architects of pop 's fatal new maturity ?

There may be some musical magic which only practice can bestow .
there may be some musical magic which only practice can [give/provide] .

Education is a good in its own right , something which men desire because they are men , and which they will therefore spend their effort and their riches to procure for themselves and to bestow upon others .
education is a good in its own right , something which men desire because they are men , and which they will therefore spend their effort and their riches to procure for themselves and to [give/provide] upon others .

Attacking Lady Chatterley 's Lover ( which he was later prepared to defend ) , Eliot wrote of a ‘ morbidity which makes other of his female characters bestow their favours upon savages .
attacking lady chatterley 's lover ( which he was later prepared to defend ) , eliot wrote of a ‘ morbidity which makes other of his female characters [give/provide] their favours upon savages .

His argument deploys the old jargon of authenticity , now combined with the jargon of otherness ; despite his Hegelian framework , Scruton deploys this jargon as an exalted metaphor which does little more than bestow a spurious profundity on a normative sexual politics which is at heart timid , conservative , and deeply ignorant .
his argument deploys the old jargon of authenticity , now combined with the jargon of otherness ; despite his hegelian framework , scruton deploys this jargon as an exalted metaphor which does little more than [give/provide] a spurious profundity on a normative sexual politics which is at heart timid , conservative , and deeply ignorant .

Both God and nature have combined to bestow lavishly upon him the gift of perfect happiness .
both god and nature have combined to [give/provide] lavishly upon him the gift of perfect happiness .

The award of an honorary degree is the highest honour a University can bestow and may , in the case of Nottingham , be either a Master 's Degree ( Master of Arts , Master of Laws ) , or a Doctorate ( of Divinity , Laws , Letters , Music , Science or Medicine ) .
the award of an honorary degree is the highest honour a university can [give/provide] and may , in the case of nottingham , be either a master 's degree ( master of arts , master of laws ) , or a doctorate ( of divinity , laws , letters , music , science or medicine ) .

Additionally , since sound is reflected differently from surfaces of varying density , a good quality ultrasonic sonar would bestow some degree of ‘ X-ray ’ sonic vision , infinitely more refined than our present day ultrasonic medical diagnostic instruments .
additionally , since sound is reflected differently from surfaces of varying density , a good quality ultrasonic sonar would [give/provide] some degree of ‘ x-ray ’ sonic vision , infinitely more refined than our present day ultrasonic medical diagnostic instruments .

Along with healing , stones were thought to bestow fertility .
along with healing , stones were thought to [give/provide] fertility .

First , is every director wholly committed to the concept of the accountability of the board as a whole , primarily to shareholders but also to other constituencies ? Second , is every board member free to question corporate leadership on any matter ? If leaders do not foster and bestow this freedom it will not exist , at least not for executive directors .
first , is every director wholly committed to the concept of the accountability of the board as a whole , primarily to shareholders but also to other constituencies ? second , is every board member free to question corporate leadership on any matter ? if leaders do not foster and [give/provide] this freedom it will not exist , at least not for executive directors .

The first source takes us back to ancient Egypt where the sacred cat was thought to bestow many blessings on the household that looked after it .
the first source takes us back to ancient egypt where the sacred cat was thought to [give/provide] many blessings on the household that looked after it .

But whether Idealism helped Liberalism and the ‘ New ’ Liberals to speak and act on the basis of a more dynamic and conceptually successful social theory , or whether , to quote Michael Freeden , ‘ Rather than Idealism giving birth to a new version of liberalism , it was liberalism that was able to assimilate certain aspects of Idealism to its mainstream and thus bestow new meaning upon Idealist tenets ’ , is not a problem of immediate relevance here .
but whether idealism helped liberalism and the ‘ new ’ liberals to speak and act on the basis of a more dynamic and conceptually successful social theory , or whether , to quote michael freeden , ‘ rather than idealism giving birth to a new version of liberalism , it was liberalism that was able to assimilate certain aspects of idealism to its mainstream and thus [give/provide] new meaning upon idealist tenets ’ , is not a problem of immediate relevance here .

But football can bestow incredible social status on those with skill .
but football can [give/provide] incredible social status on those with skill .

Second-hand bestow :
second-hand [give/provide] :

When others join with us in celebration , approve or disapprove of our actions , or convey information or opinion that changes our outlook , they bestow special meaning on the events .
when others join with us in celebration , approve or disapprove of our actions , or convey information or opinion that changes our outlook , they [give/provide] special meaning on the events .

Buildings are sometimes referred to as timeless , as if this were the highest praise one could bestow .
buildings are sometimes referred to as timeless , as if this were the highest praise one could [give/provide] .

Visitors should be sure to stop at the huge bronze incense burner in front of the hall , to “ bathe ” in the smoke — an observance believed to bestow a year ’ s worth of good health .
visitors should be sure to stop at the huge bronze incense burner in front of the hall , to “ bathe ” in the smoke — an observance believed to [give/provide] a year ’ s worth of good health .

If you see flowers in this barrel , this is likely to be an offering from a childless woman hoping for fertility , which the cannon is said to be able to bestow .
if you see flowers in this barrel , this is likely to be an offering from a childless woman hoping for fertility , which the cannon is said to be able to [give/provide] .

Baghdad wants the summit to condemn U.S. military action against Iraq and to support the lifting of sanctions , while Saudi Arabia insisted that neither the summit nor the foreign ministers ' meeting should `` bestow legitimacy '' on Saddam .
baghdad wants the summit to condemn u.s. military action against iraq and to support the lifting of sanctions , while saudi arabia insisted that neither the summit nor the foreign ministers ' meeting should `` [give/provide] legitimacy '' on saddam .

To achieve the credibility these findings are supposed to bestow on the impeachment inquiry , Snowe and other Republicans admit they need at least five Democrats .
to achieve the credibility these findings are supposed to [give/provide] on the impeachment inquiry , snowe and other republicans admit they need at least five democrats .

While Keeping Tabs finds it inappropriate to quibble over the attractiveness of corpses , we will bestow upon Phoenix our special nod for clarity in the face of eternity ; it was he who reportedly shouted , `` I 'm gon na die , dude ! ''
while keeping tabs finds it inappropriate to quibble over the attractiveness of corpses , we will [give/provide] upon phoenix our special nod for clarity in the face of eternity ; it was he who reportedly shouted , `` i 'm gon na die , dude ! ''

Business writers are generally outsiders looking in : They lack the access granted to political , sports , or even entertainment reporters , since few companies seek the kind of publicity the press wants to bestow upon them .
business writers are generally outsiders looking in : they lack the access granted to political , sports , or even entertainment reporters , since few companies seek the kind of publicity the press wants to [give/provide] upon them .

The folks in Stockholm have traditionally been conservative about whom they bestow scientific awards upon .
the folks in stockholm have traditionally been conservative about whom they [give/provide] scientific awards upon .

I do n't know what name future historians will bestow on our present age , but arguably the age deserves not a name but a nym .
i do n't know what name future historians will [give/provide] on our present age , but arguably the age deserves not a name but a nym .

Even with an income of $ 75,000 per year , they can afford only so much for Skip and Buffy 's tutoring , so they limit their family size in order to bestow more on fewer kids .
even with an income of $ 75,000 per year , they can afford only so much for skip and buffy 's tutoring , so they limit their family size in order to [give/provide] more on fewer kids .

Somewhere , sometime , speakers of English must bestow upon Representative Brooks a special commendation for his creation of a description of a planned government agency that would be “ a more or less off-the-shelf independent , stand-alone , self-supporting operation for covert operations. ” He used a noun , two prepositional phrases and a string of adjectives that would make anyone proud .
somewhere , sometime , speakers of english must [give/provide] upon representative brooks a special commendation for his creation of a description of a planned government agency that would be “ a more or less off-the-shelf independent , stand-alone , self-supporting operation for covert operations. ” he used a noun , two prepositional phrases and a string of adjectives that would make anyone proud .

Someone with more linguistic flair could use the imperative to bestow the name Mangiacotti ( mangiare to eat , cotti bricks ) .
someone with more linguistic flair could use the imperative to [give/provide] the name mangiacotti ( mangiare to eat , cotti bricks ) .

