Betwixt between them .
[between] between them .

This darkness and this cloud is betwixt thee and thy God , and telleth thee that thou mayest neither see him clearly by light of understanding , nor feel him in sweetness of love in thine affection , and therefore shape thee to bide in this darkness as long as thou mayest , crying after him that thou lovest … Then he will sometimes peradventure send a beam of ghostly light piercing this cloud of unknowing that is betwixt thee and him , and show thee some of his privity of the which man may not nor can not speak .
this darkness and this cloud is [between] thee and thy god , and telleth thee that thou mayest neither see him clearly by light of understanding , nor feel him in sweetness of love in thine affection , and therefore shape thee to bide in this darkness as long as thou mayest , crying after him that thou lovest … then he will sometimes peradventure send a beam of ghostly light piercing this cloud of unknowing that is [between] thee and him , and show thee some of his privity of the which man may not nor can not speak .

It seemed to Joan that he was torn betwixt unburdening himself and trying to ignore the issue .
it seemed to joan that he was torn [between] unburdening himself and trying to ignore the issue .

In the same term it was resolved by the two Chief Justices , Chief Baron , and Baron Altham , upon conference betwixt the Lords of the Privy Council and them , that the King by his proclamation can not create any offence which was not an offence before , for then he may alter the law of the land by his proclamation in a high point ; for if he may create an offence where none is , upon that ensues fine and imprisonment : also the law of England is divided into three parts , common law , statute law , and custom ; but the King 's proclamation is none of them : also malum aut eat malum in se , aut prohibitum , that which is against common law is malum in se , malum prohibitum is such an offence as is prohibited by Act of Parliament , and not by proclamation .
in the same term it was resolved by the two chief justices , chief baron , and baron altham , upon conference [between] the lords of the privy council and them , that the king by his proclamation can not create any offence which was not an offence before , for then he may alter the law of the land by his proclamation in a high point ; for if he may create an offence where none is , upon that ensues fine and imprisonment : also the law of england is divided into three parts , common law , statute law , and custom ; but the king 's proclamation is none of them : also malum aut eat malum in se , aut prohibitum , that which is against common law is malum in se , malum prohibitum is such an offence as is prohibited by act of parliament , and not by proclamation .

In Switzerland there are very few real plains , and the term Mittelland ( in which Mittel means something like `` betwixt and between `` ) is applied to the great areas of pre-alpine hills and of rolling plateau country which over millenia have been settled and cultivated by the ancestors and predecessors of the Swiss , and on which have grown the great historic centres of agricultural civilisation as well as the civilisation of cities .
in switzerland there are very few real plains , and the term mittelland ( in which mittel means something like `` [between] and between `` ) is applied to the great areas of pre-alpine hills and of rolling plateau country which over millenia have been settled and cultivated by the ancestors and predecessors of the swiss , and on which have grown the great historic centres of agricultural civilisation as well as the civilisation of cities .

Although the process has not turned them into ordinary men they have , in some degree , become betwixt and between .
although the process has not turned them into ordinary men they have , in some degree , become [between] and between .

The betwixt and between area of liminality which Turner discusses , in which social differences between individuals tend to be forgotten in a shared feeling of communitas , as among the participants in a pilgrimage , is the interface between human beings and `` spiritual beings `` .
the [between] and between area of liminality which turner discusses , in which social differences between individuals tend to be forgotten in a shared feeling of communitas , as among the participants in a pilgrimage , is the interface between human beings and `` spiritual beings `` .

Odo , the Abbot of Ferrières , explained his difficulties to Abbot Markward of Prüm : `` We are placed betwixt and between — and we float uncertainly .
odo , the abbot of ferrières , explained his difficulties to abbot markward of prüm : `` we are placed [between] and between — and we float uncertainly .

Samuel Bamford , the son of a Lancashire weaver , recalled : My poor aunt Elizabeth no more doubted these things , than she did the truth of every word betwixt the two backs of her Bible .
samuel bamford , the son of a lancashire weaver , recalled : my poor aunt elizabeth no more doubted these things , than she did the truth of every word [between] the two backs of her bible .

In those days there was a proximity between fans and players , a relationship betwixt the community and the club .
in those days there was a proximity between fans and players , a relationship [between] the community and the club .

’ at alarming volume ; a comatose figure lying on the bucket seats and crying out an important but indecipherable message about some quite obvious connection betwixt Jesus and Aids ; in the corner a girl with dishevelled hair and a soiled James Dean T-shirt sprawled on the concrete and a man with bloodied chin mouthing profanities as he urinates against the wall .
’ at alarming volume ; a comatose figure lying on the bucket seats and crying out an important but indecipherable message about some quite obvious connection [between] jesus and aids ; in the corner a girl with dishevelled hair and a soiled james dean t-shirt sprawled on the concrete and a man with bloodied chin mouthing profanities as he urinates against the wall .

Our apparel was given us as a sign distinctive to discern betwixt sex and sex , and therefore for one to wear the apparel of another sex , is to participate with the same , and to adulterate the verity of his own kind .
our apparel was given us as a sign distinctive to discern [between] sex and sex , and therefore for one to wear the apparel of another sex , is to participate with the same , and to adulterate the verity of his own kind .

But also , in this reductio ad absurdum of masculine sexuality , men become redundant as the women threaten to perform phallic violence on themselves in the attempt to forestall male violence ( Genevora to the duellists ) : ‘ The first blow given betwixt you , sheathes these swords/In one anothers bosomes ’ ( 177 — 8 ) .
but also , in this reductio ad absurdum of masculine sexuality , men become redundant as the women threaten to perform phallic violence on themselves in the attempt to forestall male violence ( genevora to the duellists ) : ‘ the first blow given [between] you , sheathes these swords/in one anothers bosomes ’ ( 177 — 8 ) .

And betwixt both me and you ,
and [between] both me and you ,

And ye shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin ; and it shall be a token of a covenant betwixt Me and you .
and ye shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin ; and it shall be a token of a covenant [between] me and you .

Pendant , betwixt the Earth and Skie ,
pendant , [between] the earth and skie ,

