In 1957 Nixon delivered a significant opinion that a majority of Senators had the power to adopt new rules at the beginning of each new Congress , and that any rules laid down by previous Congresses were not binding .
in 1957 nixon delivered a significant opinion that a majority of senators had the power to adopt new rules at the beginning of each new congress , and that any rules laid down by previous congresses were not [tying] .

A horizon even and seamless , binding the vast sun-bleached dome of sky to earth .
a horizon even and seamless , [tying] the vast sun-bleached dome of sky to earth .

Since fly cutters are one sided and not balanced , they should be used at the slowest speed available , and fed very slowly to avoid binding .
since fly cutters are one sided and not balanced , they should be used at the slowest speed available , and fed very slowly to avoid [tying] .

A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold , a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of Europe .
a slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold , a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a [tying] federation of europe .

This project was carried out under sponsorship of the Ballistic Missile Division of the Air Research and Development Command , U.S. Air Force , and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding .
this project was carried out under sponsorship of the ballistic missile division of the air research and development command , u.s. air force , and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical [tying] .

However , a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of Van der Waal's forces .
however , a major factor in [tying] dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of van der waal's forces .

With either of the gradients described , chromatography on DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ABO series into at least three regions ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding capacity , one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity .
with either of the gradients described , chromatography on deae-cellulose separated agglutinins of the abo series into at least three regions ( figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic [tying] capacity , one of low anionic [tying] capacity and one of high anionic [tying] capacity .

In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected ( Region 3 , Fig. 1 ) .
in 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic [tying] capacity was detected ( region 3 , fig. 1 ) .

In all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity .
in all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic [tying] capacity .

There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( J. F. and E. M. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) .
there appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-a and anti-b activity in group o serum , though in two group o donors ( j. f. and e. m. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic [tying] capacity ( figs. 1 and 2 ) .

Similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate , having extremely low , low , and high anionic binding capacity , respectively ( Fig. 3 ) .
similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate , having extremely low , low , and high anionic [tying] capacity , respectively ( fig. 3 ) .

It has been shown that thyroglobulin binds thyroxine , but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong .
it has been shown that thyroglobulin binds thyroxine , but the [tying] does not appear to be particularly strong .

Among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the group ; ;
among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more [tying] than any of the other controls exercised by the group ; ;

It is an accepted juridical principle in California that a Superior Court decision does not constitute a binding legal precedent .
it is an accepted juridical principle in california that a superior court decision does not constitute a [tying] legal precedent .

It is not binding upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary .
it is not [tying] upon another superior court , which could rule to the contrary .

Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established .
only when a decision is rendered by the district court of appeal ( or , of course , the supreme court ) is a [tying] precedent established .

But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law .
but over and beyond the compelling need for a [tying] precedent decision , i am convinced that the decisions of the superior courts which in effect nullify the secretary's regulation are not a correct interpretation of the secretary's power under the federal law .

she had on her Easter suit , blue , with lavender binding .
she had on her easter suit , blue , with lavender [tying] .

The media could create an ombudsman system the recommendations of which might not be formally binding ‘ but would have pretty strong effect ’ , he said .
the media could create an ombudsman system the recommendations of which might not be formally [tying] ‘ but would have pretty strong effect ’ , he said .

Greece dropped its hardline position over the weekend and said it would now accept the word Macedonia in the republic 's name — but only if this was the result of binding arbitration .
greece dropped its hardline position over the weekend and said it would now accept the word macedonia in the republic 's name — but only if this was the result of [tying] arbitration .

The fusion gene was co-expressed in ecotropic retroviral packaging cells with a retroviral plasmid carrying the neomycin phosphotransferase gene ( neo ) , and retroviral particles with specific hapten binding activities were recovered .
the fusion gene was co-expressed in ecotropic retroviral packaging cells with a retroviral plasmid carrying the neomycin phosphotransferase gene ( neo ) , and retroviral particles with specific hapten [tying] activities were recovered .

The isolation of genes encoding proteins with known binding properties has recently been facilitated by selection technologies .
the isolation of genes encoding proteins with known [tying] properties has recently been facilitated by selection technologies .

The package is then selected by its binding affinity ( for example an encoded antigen by binding to solid phase antibody ) , and replicated .
the package is then selected by its [tying] affinity ( for example an encoded antigen by [tying] to solid phase antibody ) , and replicated .

The tight linkage between genes and encoded protein allow packages to be selected in rounds of binding and growth , leading to selection factors of more than one in a million .
the tight linkage between genes and encoded protein allow packages to be selected in rounds of [tying] and growth , leading to selection factors of more than one in a million .

The use of filamentous bacteriophage has even led to strategies for building antibodies in bacteria and improving their binding affinities , and so by-passing immunisation 4,5 .
the use of filamentous bacteriophage has even led to strategies for building antibodies in bacteria and improving their [tying] affinities , and so by-passing immunisation 4,5 .

An alternative strategy would be to alter the host range of the virus 10 which is determined in part by the binding properties of the proteins displayed at its surface 11 .
an alternative strategy would be to alter the host range of the virus 10 which is determined in part by the [tying] properties of the proteins displayed at its surface 11 .

We have shown that a functional antibody fragment can be displayed on the surface of a retroviral particle fused to its envelope protein , and that this confers novel binding specificity on the particle .
we have shown that a functional antibody fragment can be displayed on the surface of a retroviral particle fused to its envelope protein , and that this confers novel [tying] specificity on the particle .

For some antigens , the binding of retrovirus-associated antibody fragments to cell surfaces is followed by membrane fusion between virus and target cell : streptavidin-linked biotinylated monoclonal antibodies have been used to link ecotropic retroviruses to the surface of nonpermissive human cells with subsequent transfer of the viral genome into the target cells 27 .
for some antigens , the [tying] of retrovirus-associated antibody fragments to cell surfaces is followed by membrane fusion between virus and target cell : streptavidin-linked biotinylated monoclonal antibodies have been used to link ecotropic retroviruses to the surface of nonpermissive human cells with subsequent transfer of the viral genome into the target cells 27 .

Several studies have shown that the base pairs surrounding its GC-binding site affect the binding of actinomycin .
several studies have shown that the base pairs surrounding its gc-binding site affect the [tying] of actinomycin .

The observation that distamycin dissociates from its preferred binding site at a rate too fast to observe by this footprinting technique is not surprising , but serves to emphasise the different means by which the groove binders achieve specific sequence recognition .
the observation that distamycin dissociates from its preferred [tying] site at a rate too fast to observe by this footprinting technique is not surprising , but serves to emphasise the different means by which the groove binders achieve specific sequence recognition .

MacIver denies assaulting and abducting a 46-year-old Ross-shire man , Donald Beaton , while acting with others , by hooding , binding and threatening to shoot him and robbing him of his load of spirits , tobacco and foodstuffs .
maciver denies assaulting and abducting a 46-year-old ross-shire man , donald beaton , while acting with others , by hooding , [tying] and threatening to shoot him and robbing him of his load of spirits , tobacco and foodstuffs .

Ministers were confident that a legally binding agreement would be secured before publication of the details , although firm contracts on coal purchases which will underwrite the reprieved pits are unlikely to have been signed .
ministers were confident that a legally [tying] agreement would be secured before publication of the details , although firm contracts on coal purchases which will underwrite the reprieved pits are unlikely to have been signed .

Binding is not solely observed in neuronal tissue as we were also able to demonstrate binding in rat spleen extract , however it is not ubiquitous as we could not demonstrate binding in rat testis extract .
[tying] is not solely observed in neuronal tissue as we were also able to demonstrate [tying] in rat spleen extract , however it is not ubiquitous as we could not demonstrate [tying] in rat testis extract .

The binding was also observed in rat spinal cord and caudate extract ( data not shown ) .
the [tying] was also observed in rat spinal cord and caudate extract ( data not shown ) .

Yesterday 's meeting of the borough planning applications sub-committee approved plans for the 48 hectare golf course subject to certain legally binding conditions .
yesterday 's meeting of the borough planning applications sub-committee approved plans for the 48 hectare golf course subject to certain legally [tying] conditions .

No obvious 140k binding consensus could be derived from the gene 62 promoter binding sites , although several of the more strongly protected sequences contain homologies to the 5 ' portion of the Vmw175 binding consensus ( 21 , 22 ) .
no obvious 140k [tying] consensus could be derived from the gene 62 promoter [tying] sites , although several of the more strongly protected sequences contain homologies to the 5 ' portion of the vmw175 [tying] consensus ( 21 , 22 ) .

The International Covenant on Economic and Social Affairs , signed by the United Kingdom , imposes legally binding obligations on contracting parties to provide training .
the international covenant on economic and social affairs , signed by the united kingdom , imposes legally [tying] obligations on contracting parties to provide training .

But international competition was not always binding .
but international competition was not always [tying] .

‘ We became such a strong unit and the experience was very binding .
‘ we became such a strong unit and the experience was very [tying] .

His thumb got stuck in wire binding used to bail the hay and was torn off .
his thumb got stuck in wire [tying] used to bail the hay and was torn off .

Their performances have , over the years , given ordinary people a much-needed reason to feel pride in their native city , while binding them together in the sharing of two terrible tragedies .
their performances have , over the years , given ordinary people a much-needed reason to feel pride in their native city , while [tying] them together in the sharing of two terrible tragedies .

It would hear appeals involving assessments , chaired by a lawyer , and decisions would be legally binding .
it would hear appeals involving assessments , chaired by a lawyer , and decisions would be legally [tying] .

The widow had wanted the house to be opened to the public — the trustees say they 're sorry the owner 's dying wish was denied , but it was n't legally binding .
the widow had wanted the house to be opened to the public — the trustees say they 're sorry the owner 's dying wish was denied , but it was n't legally [tying] .

It 's apologised for Mrs Barrie Brown 's dying wish not being fulfilled , but says anyway , it was n't legally binding .
it 's apologised for mrs barrie brown 's dying wish not being fulfilled , but says anyway , it was n't legally [tying] .

Though that 's beginning to be qualified a little because of the erm effects of erm national legislation , for example national employment legislation nowadays requires that all employers in a certain field of employment , and universities is one , erm pursue similar policies towards their staff , and indeed in our case erm pay them on the same pay scales and erm so in that sense we have to enter into agreements with trade unions and others which are binding on our members .
though that 's beginning to be qualified a little because of the erm effects of erm national legislation , for example national employment legislation nowadays requires that all employers in a certain field of employment , and universities is one , erm pursue similar policies towards their staff , and indeed in our case erm pay them on the same pay scales and erm so in that sense we have to enter into agreements with trade unions and others which are [tying] on our members .

The binding of items emerged as the second most important reason for their non-availability , accounting for around one in five ( 21 % ) of unsatisfied requests , while the Library 's inability to locate items when they were requested ( 10 % ) , and a tendency for some readers to submit requests for items not appearing in the Library 's catalogues ( 10 % ) were additional reasons which occurred with some frequency .
the [tying] of items emerged as the second most important reason for their non-availability , accounting for around one in five ( 21 % ) of unsatisfied requests , while the library 's inability to locate items when they were requested ( 10 % ) , and a tendency for some readers to submit requests for items not appearing in the library 's catalogues ( 10 % ) were additional reasons which occurred with some frequency .

The coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items included an element which denoted the type of binding in which they were currently contained .
the coding system used to record the physical nature and condition of items included an element which denoted the type of [tying] in which they were currently contained .

It was possible , therefore , to divide the items issued to readers into groups on the basis of their type of binding , and to calculate the proportion of each group which required repair .
it was possible , therefore , to divide the items issued to readers into groups on the basis of their type of [tying] , and to calculate the proportion of each group which required repair .

The first was the group of monographs in original ( unrepaired ) leather bindings , which showed a substantially higher than average need for repair , with 25 % of them proving defective , and the second was the group of monographs in paperback bindings , which contained a lower proportion of items needing repair ( 2 % ) than monographs in any other type of binding .
the first was the group of monographs in original ( unrepaired ) leather bindings , which showed a substantially higher than average need for repair , with 25 % of them proving defective , and the second was the group of monographs in paperback bindings , which contained a lower proportion of items needing repair ( 2 % ) than monographs in any other type of [tying] .

4.1.1 Binding programme
4.1.1 [tying] programme

More than one in five of the requested items which could not be supplied had been sent for binding .
more than one in five of the requested items which could not be supplied had been sent for [tying] .

Binding was the second most frequent reason for the non-availability of material , and — since the most frequent reason was simply that a requested item was already in use — it was the main reason which could be considered as in some measure attributable to the Library 's own procedures .
[tying] was the second most frequent reason for the non-availability of material , and — since the most frequent reason was simply that a requested item was already in use — it was the main reason which could be considered as in some measure attributable to the library 's own procedures .

More than three-quarters of the requested items which were at binding were serial parts being bound into volumes for the first time .
more than three-quarters of the requested items which were at [tying] were serial parts being bound into volumes for the first time .

The problem is one which affects all libraries which follow a responsible programme of binding , since , for reasons both of conservation and security , serial parts must be bound as early as possible , with the result that they tend to become unavailable for consultation at a time when demand for them is relatively high .
the problem is one which affects all libraries which follow a responsible programme of [tying] , since , for reasons both of conservation and security , serial parts must be bound as early as possible , with the result that they tend to become unavailable for consultation at a time when demand for them is relatively high .

The inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer ‘ current ’ , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves ‘ at binding ’ exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to bind them .
the inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the [tying] of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer ‘ current ’ , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves ‘ at [tying] ’ exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to bind them .

Since the first of these measures runs counter to the purposes of binding , it can not be considered acceptable ; it is suggested , therefore , that , wherever possible , current procedures for channelling material to and through the bindery be investigated , with a view to reducing to a minimum the time which such items spend off the shelf .
since the first of these measures runs counter to the purposes of [tying] , it can not be considered acceptable ; it is suggested , therefore , that , wherever possible , current procedures for channelling material to and through the bindery be investigated , with a view to reducing to a minimum the time which such items spend off the shelf .

It must be recognised , however , that as long as the binding of most serial parts is — as at present — contracted out to a commercial bindery , delays incurred in the processing of such items between their leaving the Library and subsequently returning to it , will remain outwith the Library 's control .
it must be recognised , however , that as long as the [tying] of most serial parts is — as at present — contracted out to a commercial bindery , delays incurred in the processing of such items between their leaving the library and subsequently returning to it , will remain outwith the library 's control .

In the West we rely on the law of contract for all business agreements , but in a Moslem culture a man 's word is just as binding .
in the west we rely on the law of contract for all business agreements , but in a moslem culture a man 's word is just as [tying] .

There 's no fingerboard binding , and perhaps a little more care could have been taken in filling the ends of the fret-slots — mind you , that 's practically the only cosmetic flaw on the whole instrument .
there 's no fingerboard [tying] , and perhaps a little more care could have been taken in filling the ends of the fret-slots — mind you , that 's practically the only cosmetic flaw on the whole instrument .

It also has a solid spruce top with an ‘ aged ’ tone finish , vintage-style X-bracing scalloped and shifted to within an inch of the soundhole , tortoiseshell-style binding , a bridge and fingerboard of rosewood , ebony-buttoned machines , pearl diamonds on the bridge and a pre-war ‘ diamonds and squares ’ abalone inlay pattern down the fingerboard .
it also has a solid spruce top with an ‘ aged ’ tone finish , vintage-style x-bracing scalloped and shifted to within an inch of the soundhole , tortoiseshell-style [tying] , a bridge and fingerboard of rosewood , ebony-buttoned machines , pearl diamonds on the bridge and a pre-war ‘ diamonds and squares ’ abalone inlay pattern down the fingerboard .

Modern finishes tend not to encourage the ‘ nicotine ’ yellowing of binding any more and the chronically nostalgic will no doubt miss it .
modern finishes tend not to encourage the ‘ nicotine ’ yellowing of [tying] any more and the chronically nostalgic will no doubt miss it .

There 's some decorative plastic purfling running inside the binding on both back and front , but the triple-line soundhole rosette looks like wood , which is a nice touch .
there 's some decorative plastic purfling running inside the [tying] on both back and front , but the triple-line soundhole rosette looks like wood , which is a nice touch .

The rosewood has contracted slightly across the grain , taking the plastic binding with it and leaving a just-perceptible ‘ step ’ from the neck itself up to the binding .
the rosewood has contracted slightly across the grain , taking the plastic [tying] with it and leaving a just-perceptible ‘ step ’ from the neck itself up to the [tying] .

And the body and headstock binding is simple white plastic , to avoid detracting from the overall look .
and the body and headstock [tying] is simple white plastic , to avoid detracting from the overall look .

Some will like the blue-stained purfling line just inside the front binding , and some wo n't ; still , it 's a custom guitar .
some will like the blue-stained purfling line just inside the front [tying] , and some wo n't ; still , it 's a custom guitar .

So they changed the chrome hardware to gold , the rosewood fingerboard to ebony , the ‘ crown ’ position markers to blocks and added some extra decoration — multiple binding around the back , front and head and a big pearl split-diamond inlay on the front of the headstock .
so they changed the chrome hardware to gold , the rosewood fingerboard to ebony , the ‘ crown ’ position markers to blocks and added some extra decoration — multiple [tying] around the back , front and head and a big pearl split-diamond inlay on the front of the headstock .

Despite the wear and tear of many a performance it 's still a cracking guitar , with its classically timeless shape beautifully set off by the tobacco-yellowed binding .
despite the wear and tear of many a performance it 's still a cracking guitar , with its classically timeless shape beautifully set off by the tobacco-yellowed [tying] .

The Cabriolet 's perimeter binding strays and splutters around the lower cutaway , but apart from that is clean and accurate .
the cabriolet 's perimeter [tying] strays and splutters around the lower cutaway , but apart from that is clean and accurate .

Rightly , the decoration is simple and understated ; a single thin black line separating the spruce from the maple binding , a well-proportioned herringbone soundhole rosette , a marquetry stripe down the centre of the back and small pearl dot-markers running up the fingerboard .
rightly , the decoration is simple and understated ; a single thin black line separating the spruce from the maple [tying] , a well-proportioned herringbone soundhole rosette , a marquetry stripe down the centre of the back and small pearl dot-markers running up the fingerboard .

Moral authority Cameron did not disregard or despise , but he was more concerned with its educative than with its binding power .
moral authority cameron did not disregard or despise , but he was more concerned with its educative than with its [tying] power .

Hume 's solution to what he had decided was the problem was the re-introduction , in a form suitable for a more politically evolved society , of the binding power of personal contact .
hume 's solution to what he had decided was the problem was the re-introduction , in a form suitable for a more politically evolved society , of the [tying] power of personal contact .

There are places around the binding where shrinkage has caused the finish to crack , making it look a little untidy .
there are places around the [tying] where shrinkage has caused the finish to crack , making it look a little untidy .

The f-holes indicate the true semi-acoustic nature of the instrument , while the main decorative features include the multiple body binding with its incredible pearloid purfling , and the wood on the sides and the back .
the f-holes indicate the true semi-acoustic nature of the instrument , while the main decorative features include the multiple body [tying] with its incredible pearloid purfling , and the wood on the sides and the back .

All this is set off in grandiose fashion by the wide pearl binding .
all this is set off in grandiose fashion by the wide pearl [tying] .

It 's a pity the world did not adopt the early binding interpretation of the old South Africa , but there you are .
it 's a pity the world did not adopt the early [tying] interpretation of the old south africa , but there you are .

St John Hornby , owner of the private Ashenden Press , found his 1½ by 1 & 1/4 inch gift of Horace 's Carmina Sapphica reduced to pulp after an overnight stay in a full-sized binding press .
st john hornby , owner of the private ashenden press , found his 1½ by 1 & 1/4 inch gift of horace 's carmina sapphica reduced to pulp after an overnight stay in a full-sized [tying] press .

And remember , any document you sign abroad is as legally binding for you as if you signed it at home .
and remember , any document you sign abroad is as legally [tying] for you as if you signed it at home .

It is especially important to remember this in relation to international law , which is based on what states have formally agreed to , or accepted as binding practice .
it is especially important to remember this in relation to international law , which is based on what states have formally agreed to , or accepted as [tying] practice .

Nevertheless , the rules of the Conventions were treated as formulations of the generally accepted principles of the law of war , and binding as such ( Roberts and Guelff , 1982 , p. 156 ) .
nevertheless , the rules of the conventions were treated as formulations of the generally accepted principles of the law of war , and [tying] as such ( roberts and guelff , 1982 , p. 156 ) .

It is an ancient body of law , largely customary in its origins , which , since the mid-nineteenth century , has come to be largely but not completely codified in the form of binding multilateral international conventions ( Schindler and Toman , 1981 ; Roberts and Guelff , 1982 ) .
it is an ancient body of law , largely customary in its origins , which , since the mid-nineteenth century , has come to be largely but not completely codified in the form of [tying] multilateral international conventions ( schindler and toman , 1981 ; roberts and guelff , 1982 ) .

The main attempt to tackle the issue of bombing , the 1923 Hague Rules of Aerial Warfare , is an admirable and detailed interpretation of customary rules and general principles of the laws of war , but it was never adopted by states in legally binding form — partly because of the belief , widely held in the aftermath of the First World War that the important thing was to prevent war altogether , rather than to devise rules for how it might be conducted .
the main attempt to tackle the issue of bombing , the 1923 hague rules of aerial warfare , is an admirable and detailed interpretation of customary rules and general principles of the laws of war , but it was never adopted by states in legally [tying] form — partly because of the belief , widely held in the aftermath of the first world war that the important thing was to prevent war altogether , rather than to devise rules for how it might be conducted .

We must therefore look for some accommodation between states , and this in two important respects : we must seek to further binding agreements between states which limit and reduce the possession as well as the use of nuclear weapons and we must work to control the lesser hostilities whose escalation will always be one of the chief threats of total destruction .
we must therefore look for some accommodation between states , and this in two important respects : we must seek to further [tying] agreements between states which limit and reduce the possession as well as the use of nuclear weapons and we must work to control the lesser hostilities whose escalation will always be one of the chief threats of total destruction .

This brings us inevitably to international law : the rules which make agreements between states binding ; the rules which seek to limit from the outside the kinds of actions which states may take in relation to each other and provide a framework within which they may negotiate .
this brings us inevitably to international law : the rules which make agreements between states [tying] ; the rules which seek to limit from the outside the kinds of actions which states may take in relation to each other and provide a framework within which they may negotiate .

On one such model what law has to offer are certain types of humanly contrived institutions : legislatures , courts , enforcement agencies , and a certain way of going about making and applying binding rules .
on one such model what law has to offer are certain types of humanly contrived institutions : legislatures , courts , enforcement agencies , and a certain way of going about making and applying [tying] rules .

Insufficient because it does not provide what law has to offer , which is first , an authoritative means of deciding what the rules to be applied are : second , an impartial method of applying those rules to particular circumstances , and third , a way of marking that the rules and resultant decisions are binding or non-optional on the parties .
insufficient because it does not provide what law has to offer , which is first , an authoritative means of deciding what the rules to be applied are : second , an impartial method of applying those rules to particular circumstances , and third , a way of marking that the rules and resultant decisions are [tying] or non-optional on the parties .

This device depends on the existence of institutions which can actually adjudicate on and , one hopes , resolve disputes in a relatively impartial way on the basis of impartial rules whose decisions are binding on the parties in question .
this device depends on the existence of institutions which can actually adjudicate on and , one hopes , resolve disputes in a relatively impartial way on the basis of impartial rules whose decisions are [tying] on the parties in question .

Law can not fulfil this function unless the decisions of the legal institutions are binding or non-optional .
law can not fulfil this function unless the decisions of the legal institutions are [tying] or non-optional .

What is needed to make the contract binding and valid is our signature , a commitment of faith .
what is needed to make the contract [tying] and valid is our signature , a commitment of faith .

The contract may be good or the cheque generous , but it lacks the binding authorization of a signature .
the contract may be good or the cheque generous , but it lacks the [tying] authorization of a signature .

It is technically perfectly lawful for a Minister of the Crown to be empowered to make statutory instruments in such a way that they are never subjected to parliamentary scrutiny — indeed , there is no requirement of promulgation or publication for an instrument to become legally binding and an instrument made by the Minister and cached in his bottom drawer could be as binding as the Theft Act ( although in this situation ignorance might , rarely in our law , offer a defence by reason of s.3(2) of the Statutory Instruments Act
it is technically perfectly lawful for a minister of the crown to be empowered to make statutory instruments in such a way that they are never subjected to parliamentary scrutiny — indeed , there is no requirement of promulgation or publication for an instrument to become legally [tying] and an instrument made by the minister and cached in his bottom drawer could be as [tying] as the theft act ( although in this situation ignorance might , rarely in our law , offer a defence by reason of s.3(2) of the statutory instruments act

The Community makes laws which are intended to be binding upon and within member states .
the community makes laws which are intended to be [tying] upon and within member states .

‘ Decisions , are binding but specific to the named parties concerned whilst ‘ recommendations ’ , as the name suggests , do not create binding obligations .
‘ decisions , are [tying] but specific to the named parties concerned whilst ‘ recommendations ’ , as the name suggests , do not create [tying] obligations .

There are many dangers in trying to make such a document legally binding on those would have to take care of us .
there are many dangers in trying to make such a document legally [tying] on those would have to take care of us .

They should not be given legal binding force .
they should not be given legal [tying] force .

One morning Jess stopped dusting and took a book from the shelf , admiring the gold edges to the pages and the soft green leather binding .
one morning jess stopped dusting and took a book from the shelf , admiring the gold edges to the pages and the soft green leather [tying] .

Just a few include a metal plate in the spine of their Professional Presentation Portfolio , giving added strength ; and metal corners and a special nylon binding on the edges to resist the toughest student neglect .
just a few include a metal plate in the spine of their professional presentation portfolio , giving added strength ; and metal corners and a special nylon [tying] on the edges to resist the toughest student neglect .

Artists ' Materials — Which , Why and How is a valuable attempt to log the suitability of currently available art materials to working in practice through comparative charts which give details such as lightfastness and binding agents used in each particular medium .
artists ' materials — which , why and how is a valuable attempt to log the suitability of currently available art materials to working in practice through comparative charts which give details such as lightfastness and [tying] agents used in each particular medium .

Repeatedly it is urged that there is no intention to introduce , through legislation , a nationally prescribed curriculum that would be binding on all LEAs and on all schools .
repeatedly it is urged that there is no intention to introduce , through legislation , a nationally prescribed curriculum that would be [tying] on all leas and on all schools .

The structure was held together with ropes binding the beams to the vertical posts .
the structure was held together with ropes [tying] the beams to the vertical posts .

Bayer now supplies the paint industry with binding agents which only need a small proportion of solvents and in some cases no solvents at all .
bayer now supplies the paint industry with [tying] agents which only need a small proportion of solvents and in some cases no solvents at all .

When you look at the beauty of the binding , and see the gleam of the 22kt gold inlaid on the spine !
when you look at the beauty of the [tying] , and see the gleam of the 22kt gold inlaid on the spine !

When he was consecrated , however , Cranmer made a public protestation that any oath which he took acknowledging the authority of the Pope was not intended to be binding if it were against the law of God or the King 's prerogatives , nor would it bind him to be less free in reformation of the Church .
when he was consecrated , however , cranmer made a public protestation that any oath which he took acknowledging the authority of the pope was not intended to be [tying] if it were against the law of god or the king 's prerogatives , nor would it bind him to be less free in reformation of the church .

For instance , there is a group of bronze-bound wooden vessels whose binding hoops were decorated with a distinctive repoussé ornament and which are found distributed over central southern England ( Arnold 1982a ; Davies 1984 ) .
for instance , there is a group of bronze-bound wooden vessels whose [tying] hoops were decorated with a distinctive repoussé ornament and which are found distributed over central southern england ( arnold 1982a ; davies 1984 ) .

The soundboard on the Bergh Apton example was similarly strengthened by a metal binding strip .
the soundboard on the bergh apton example was similarly strengthened by a metal [tying] strip .

The length of such shafts is difficult to determine except where there is an accompanying ferrule binding the foot .
the length of such shafts is difficult to determine except where there is an accompanying ferrule [tying] the foot .

The handles themselves are most commonly formed of a plain bronze strip , pierced at the end and riveted through the escutcheon or upper binding strip , allowing the handle to swivel .
the handles themselves are most commonly formed of a plain bronze strip , pierced at the end and riveted through the escutcheon or upper [tying] strip , allowing the handle to swivel .

In November , he was given ‘ emergency powers ’ , which gave him the right to issue legally binding decrees and appoint people to any government post without reference to the Supreme Russian Soviet .
in november , he was given ‘ emergency powers ’ , which gave him the right to issue legally [tying] decrees and appoint people to any government post without reference to the supreme russian soviet .

So minute are the threads binding a good member in a rural constituency that a woman can run out of her front door waving a cake of lavender soap .
so minute are the threads [tying] a good member in a rural constituency that a woman can run out of her front door waving a cake of lavender soap .

Peter Fraenkel , writing in 1956 , noted the absence of any songs on the very important subject of kinship and the traditional ties binding the extended family together .
peter fraenkel , writing in 1956 , noted the absence of any songs on the very important subject of kinship and the traditional ties [tying] the extended family together .

It was binding .
it was [tying] .

In that way , you 're tying the supplier to a legally binding contract .
in that way , you 're tying the supplier to a legally [tying] contract .

The suitability of the premises , the need for improved access or relocation of equipment and the provision of items such as ramps , carpeting or acoustic tiles where appropriate are all matters which should concern governors if they are to ‘ use their best endeavours ’ to ensure that special needs are met — the duty which is binding on the governors of every school .
the suitability of the premises , the need for improved access or relocation of equipment and the provision of items such as ramps , carpeting or acoustic tiles where appropriate are all matters which should concern governors if they are to ‘ use their best endeavours ’ to ensure that special needs are met — the duty which is [tying] on the governors of every school .

The important thing to aim for is a good match ; when the bud sits in its little step and is ready for binding in , you want to see scarcely any stem wood showing at the sides and top .
the important thing to aim for is a good match ; when the bud sits in its little step and is ready for [tying] in , you want to see scarcely any stem wood showing at the sides and top .

There is still time to try again : insert a bud on the other side of the stock and cover all with the binding .
there is still time to try again : insert a bud on the other side of the stock and cover all with the [tying] .

The electricians appeared to accept the kind of binding agreements which he had vainly sought from the print unions .
the electricians appeared to accept the kind of [tying] agreements which he had vainly sought from the print unions .

The choice of this measure is not arbitrary , for the argument now is that typically a bourgeois client brings an issue to a lawyer , which the latter translates into a meta-language in terms of which a binding solution can be found .
the choice of this measure is not arbitrary , for the argument now is that typically a bourgeois client brings an issue to a lawyer , which the latter translates into a meta-language in terms of which a [tying] solution can be found .

The July 1979 package of reforms cleared several obstacles to ‘ direct relations ’ amongst enterprises ; it also gave teeth to a 1974 decree making delivery contracts binding .
the july 1979 package of reforms cleared several obstacles to ‘ direct relations ’ amongst enterprises ; it also gave teeth to a 1974 decree making delivery contracts [tying] .

The individualist interest is served by the assumption that people see the constraints as binding them and act accordingly .
the individualist interest is served by the assumption that people see the constraints as [tying] them and act accordingly .

Her answer is that ‘ The whole point of a duty is that it is bounden or binding ’ ( 1983 : 52 ) .
her answer is that ‘ the whole point of a duty is that it is bounden or [tying] ’ ( 1983 : 52 ) .

Lots and lots of binding wires , long and short .
lots and lots of [tying] wires , long and short .

Binding off is like backstitching on the machine .
[tying] off is like backstitching on the machine .

The last row before binding off is knitted at tension 10 .
the last row before [tying] off is knitted at tension 10 .

Binding off has ‘ give ’ and ensures a round neck goes over the head .
[tying] off has ‘ give ’ and ensures a round neck goes over the head .

For a double band , after binding off , fold the band to the inside and catch down loosely .
for a double band , after [tying] off , fold the band to the inside and catch down loosely .

The physically oriented approach uses less resources but the early binding of identifier to data is more of a static method which allows less flexibility if , for example , data is being loaded in an uncertain order or key values are being changed or deleted .
the physically oriented approach uses less resources but the early [tying] of identifier to data is more of a static method which allows less flexibility if , for example , data is being loaded in an uncertain order or key values are being changed or deleted .

The fabric of the West has no binding philosophy
the fabric of the west has no [tying] philosophy

The fabric of the West , for all its denim glory , has no binding philosophy , no consensus , no dreams of the future .
the fabric of the west , for all its denim glory , has no [tying] philosophy , no consensus , no dreams of the future .

If a welt or band is not used , a thin binding or other suitable edging is often the best way to achieve a neat finish without bulk .
if a welt or band is not used , a thin [tying] or other suitable edging is often the best way to achieve a neat finish without bulk .

There are many other more elaborate braids and edgings which are great fun to knit if you keep your machine set up at this time of year , as it is a good time to play with new ideas and perhaps to knit enough to edge that beautiful Chanel-type jacket you are going to knit later , but the simple knitted binding or a simple rouleau takes a lot of beating and always loos fashionable , elegantly simple and stylish .
there are many other more elaborate braids and edgings which are great fun to knit if you keep your machine set up at this time of year , as it is a good time to play with new ideas and perhaps to knit enough to edge that beautiful chanel-type jacket you are going to knit later , but the simple knitted [tying] or a simple rouleau takes a lot of beating and always loos fashionable , elegantly simple and stylish .

‘ Our solicitor believes it is a binding contract and we will be pursuing the matter through the courts .
‘ our solicitor believes it is a [tying] contract and we will be pursuing the matter through the courts .

Binding us forever in time .
[tying] us forever in time .

This ‘ oral law ’ was equally as binding as the written Law of Moses .
this ‘ oral law ’ was equally as [tying] as the written law of moses .

She chalked a keyhole shape on the front , which she cut out and neatened with bias binding .
she chalked a keyhole shape on the front , which she cut out and neatened with bias [tying] .

His decisions are binding on both parties , subject only to the High Court on a point of law .
his decisions are [tying] on both parties , subject only to the high court on a point of law .

This may be used , unless there is a valid , binding restraint clause — or ‘ restrictive covenant ’ — in the employee 's contract .
this may be used , unless there is a valid , [tying] restraint clause — or ‘ restrictive covenant ’ — in the employee 's contract .

While a company can not deprive itself of its power to alter its articles , an agreement by which shareholders ( without binding future shareholders ) agree personally between themselves about the manner in which they will exercise their voting powers is enforceable ( p 112 ) .
while a company can not deprive itself of its power to alter its articles , an agreement by which shareholders ( without [tying] future shareholders ) agree personally between themselves about the manner in which they will exercise their voting powers is enforceable ( p 112 ) .

Thus , while a company can not deprive itself of its power to alter its articles , an agreement by which shareholders ( without binding future shareholders ) agree personally between themselves about the manner in which they will exercise their voting powers is enforceable .
thus , while a company can not deprive itself of its power to alter its articles , an agreement by which shareholders ( without [tying] future shareholders ) agree personally between themselves about the manner in which they will exercise their voting powers is enforceable .

An instrument will not be executed before 20 August where it is not binding until certain conditions are fulfilled and these are not met until after 19 August .
an instrument will not be executed before 20 august where it is not [tying] until certain conditions are fulfilled and these are not met until after 19 august .

Instruments may , however , be executed before 20 August if they are binding and are signed and delivered unconditionally before that date even though the property may in certain circumstances be delivered after that date .
instruments may , however , be executed before 20 august if they are [tying] and are signed and delivered unconditionally before that date even though the property may in certain circumstances be delivered after that date .

But it is also a binding force , one that holds people together and sustains them ’
but it is also a [tying] force , one that holds people together and sustains them ’

Chopping wood , sawing logs , binding firewood .
chopping wood , sawing logs , [tying] firewood .

Expenditure will qualify for the new 20 % initial allowance if it is incurred under a legally binding contract made in the year ending 31 October 1993 , and the claimant was contractually committed to the expenditure by that contract .
expenditure will qualify for the new 20 % initial allowance if it is incurred under a legally [tying] contract made in the year ending 31 october 1993 , and the claimant was contractually committed to the expenditure by that contract .

But the decisions made fascinating reading and would presumably still be dragged into any legal proceedings today , even if they were not regarded as binding .
but the decisions made fascinating reading and would presumably still be dragged into any legal proceedings today , even if they were not regarded as [tying] .

Mutations that affect corepressor binding are of two types .
mutations that affect corepressor [tying] are of two types .

Clearly more experiments are required to probe the role , if any , of the C-terminal helix face in operator binding .
clearly more experiments are required to probe the role , if any , of the c-terminal helix face in operator [tying] .

Pheromone binding to two rodent urinary proteins revealed by X-ray crystallography
pheromone [tying] to two rodent urinary proteins revealed by x-ray crystallography

Antibody epitopes and ligand binding sites
antibody epitopes and ligand [tying] sites

Cadherins mediate cell-to-cell adhesion in tissues by binding to identical cadherins on adjacent ( and usually ontogenically related ) cells .
cadherins mediate cell-to-cell adhesion in tissues by [tying] to identical cadherins on adjacent ( and usually ontogenically related ) cells .

In dystrophin , part of the C-terminal domain and the adjacent cysteine-rich region are involved in the binding of the dystrophin glycoprotein complex .
in dystrophin , part of the c-terminal domain and the adjacent cysteine-rich region are involved in the [tying] of the dystrophin glycoprotein complex .

Thus , unlike other proteins that undergo large structural changes upon ligand binding ( such as penicillopepsin ) , the structure of cyclophilin changes very little after complexing with CsA .
thus , unlike other proteins that undergo large structural changes upon ligand [tying] ( such as penicillopepsin ) , the structure of cyclophilin changes very little after complexing with csa .

These thirteen CypA residues define the CsA binding site and are identical to those proposed by the modelled docked structure .
these thirteen cypa residues define the csa [tying] site and are identical to those proposed by the modelled docked structure .

The fit between CypA and the binding edge of CsA is excellent and centres round the protruding side chain of MeVal-11 .
the fit between cypa and the [tying] edge of csa is excellent and centres round the protruding side chain of meval-11 .

Once InsP 3 is released to the cytosol it mobilizes calcium by binding to receptors .
once insp 3 is released to the cytosol it mobilizes calcium by [tying] to receptors .

Nucleosome binding
nucleosome [tying]

The important meetings had taken place in the East , and though very few representatives of the Western Churches had , attended , the canons had been accepted as binding upon the whole Christian world .
the important meetings had taken place in the east , and though very few representatives of the western churches had , attended , the canons had been accepted as [tying] upon the whole christian world .

The social contract involves our sacrificing a portion of our personal liberty to achieve this end , but not out of some innate desire for the common good , since ‘ If it were possible , every one of us would prefer that the compacts binding others do not bind us ’ .
the social contract involves our sacrificing a portion of our personal liberty to achieve this end , but not out of some innate desire for the common good , since ‘ if it were possible , every one of us would prefer that the compacts [tying] others do not bind us ’ .

He 'd seen the face of Hapexamendios Himself , and half-crazed by the sight had been unable to resist the summons , and the binding , when it came .
he 'd seen the face of hapexamendios himself , and half-crazed by the sight had been unable to resist the summons , and the [tying] , when it came .

The Basle Committee 's rules are not binding .
the basle committee 's rules are not [tying] .

In December 1947 , for example , when they had agreed a memorandum on Area Board organisation , Randall , the London Board chairman , insisted that it should be a purely advisory document not binding on the areas ; and some degree of variation in local organisation did in fact emerge .
in december 1947 , for example , when they had agreed a memorandum on area board organisation , randall , the london board chairman , insisted that it should be a purely advisory document not [tying] on the areas ; and some degree of variation in local organisation did in fact emerge .

Cocaine subverts the pathway not by binding to dopamine receptors , but by sticking to a molecule called , inelegantly , the dopamine re-uptake transporter .
cocaine subverts the pathway not by [tying] to dopamine receptors , but by sticking to a molecule called , inelegantly , the dopamine re-uptake transporter .

The need for ostentatious secrecy is of vital importance on the primitive level , for the shared secret serves as a cement binding the tribe together … .
the need for ostentatious secrecy is of vital importance on the primitive level , for the shared secret serves as a cement [tying] the tribe together … .

This promise , however , was expressed in no document ; it had the character of an informal arrangement which had no binding force on the future ; it was useless .
this promise , however , was expressed in no document ; it had the character of an informal arrangement which had no [tying] force on the future ; it was useless .

Criticism has concentrated on the removal of the red coat worn by the Master of Ceremonies , which was shown to have a different binding agent in its pigment to the rest of the canvas and therefore considered not to be part of Veronese 's composition .
criticism has concentrated on the removal of the red coat worn by the master of ceremonies , which was shown to have a different [tying] agent in its pigment to the rest of the canvas and therefore considered not to be part of veronese 's composition .

An examination of twelve tiny samples of paint from the area of the coat revealed that the binding agent used in the red layer contained a sizeable amount of natural resins , unlike the linseed base used in pigment on the rest of the work .
an examination of twelve tiny samples of paint from the area of the coat revealed that the [tying] agent used in the red layer contained a sizeable amount of natural resins , unlike the linseed base used in pigment on the rest of the work .

‘ Binding on me , that is , ’ said Neil , ‘ though the buyer , once he sees the property , may still withdraw . ’
‘ [tying] on me , that is , ’ said neil , ‘ though the buyer , once he sees the property , may still withdraw . ’

This enwraps a plain blue paper binding .
this enwraps a plain blue paper [tying] .

As far as Mr Vlnas and the National Gallery are concerned the contract remains legally binding .
as far as mr vlnas and the national gallery are concerned the contract remains legally [tying] .

While there was , at least for Monnet and Schuman , an altruistic motive behind the scheme , it is clear that France found the idea attractive because it offered a better way than the International Ruhr Authority of binding the new West Germany to external control while it was still relatively weak .
while there was , at least for monnet and schuman , an altruistic motive behind the scheme , it is clear that france found the idea attractive because it offered a better way than the international ruhr authority of [tying] the new west germany to external control while it was still relatively weak .

In West Germany the leader of the opposition , Kurt Schumacher , and his Social Democrat Party rejected entry on nationalist grounds , arguing that by binding the country so closely to western states which were also members of a military alliance led by the United States , Adenauer was making the possibility of German reunification even more difficult and remote .
in west germany the leader of the opposition , kurt schumacher , and his social democrat party rejected entry on nationalist grounds , arguing that by [tying] the country so closely to western states which were also members of a military alliance led by the united states , adenauer was making the possibility of german reunification even more difficult and remote .

Its authority to work for the removal of all barriers to the free movement of coal and steel rested on a wide array of actions , ranging from non-binding recommendations to binding decisions .
its authority to work for the removal of all barriers to the free movement of coal and steel rested on a wide array of actions , ranging from non-binding recommendations to [tying] decisions .

The Teacher 's Editions of the Student 's Books have pages of teaching notes interleaved on a spiral binding between the full colour student 's pages .
the teacher 's editions of the student 's books have pages of teaching notes interleaved on a spiral [tying] between the full colour student 's pages .

Nail timber battens at the top and bottom of the wall , fix fabric lengths to the battens with a staple gun , then cover the staples with fabric binding .
nail timber battens at the top and bottom of the wall , fix fabric lengths to the battens with a staple gun , then cover the staples with fabric [tying] .

The inside of each binding is a compacted mass of yellowed fatty tissue in which whorls and furling can be seen , looking not unlike the surface of the cerebral cortex .
the inside of each [tying] is a compacted mass of yellowed fatty tissue in which whorls and furling can be seen , looking not unlike the surface of the cerebral cortex .

The West German Labour Court , for instance , is empowered to settle labour disputes by means of statutory binding decisions whereas the Irish Labour Court acts only as a conciliation body .
the west german labour court , for instance , is empowered to settle labour disputes by means of statutory [tying] decisions whereas the irish labour court acts only as a conciliation body .

Consequently , a comparative study of the settlement of labour disputes through statutory binding decisions would have to omit the Irish Labour Court ( despite its name ) , but include other bodies such as Industrial Tribunals in Britain , Conciliation and Arbitration Boards in Mexico and Labour Tribunals in India .
consequently , a comparative study of the settlement of labour disputes through statutory [tying] decisions would have to omit the irish labour court ( despite its name ) , but include other bodies such as industrial tribunals in britain , conciliation and arbitration boards in mexico and labour tribunals in india .

Concrete for paths can be laid directly on to the hardcore , as some of it will fill the open surface , binding the hardcore together .
concrete for paths can be laid directly on to the hardcore , as some of it will fill the open surface , [tying] the hardcore together .

First wind white binding tape around all bare frame wires . Make it secure and tight , and sew in place at the finish
first wind white [tying] tape around all bare frame wires . make it secure and tight , and sew in place at the finish

The other cause of binding is the wood swelling because it is wet .
the other cause of [tying] is the wood swelling because it is wet .

What you have to do in this case is to strip off the paint from the binding edge , then plane off a little wood before repainting — including the vulnerable top and bottom edges of the window .
what you have to do in this case is to strip off the paint from the [tying] edge , then plane off a little wood before repainting — including the vulnerable top and bottom edges of the window .

Sliding sash windows can suffer from the same binding problems as hinged casements , and the cures are broadly similar .
sliding sash windows can suffer from the same [tying] problems as hinged casements , and the cures are broadly similar .

Although verbal agreements can be binding in law , they can be difficult to prove in later years , particularly when a new not so friendly neighbour comes on the scene .
although verbal agreements can be [tying] in law , they can be difficult to prove in later years , particularly when a new not so friendly neighbour comes on the scene .

Despite cruelty and sinfulness there is a common sense of the moral and spiritual universe which is binding on all persons .
despite cruelty and sinfulness there is a common sense of the moral and spiritual universe which is [tying] on all persons .

By 1989 , he was publicly proclaiming his intention of imitating Albania and anchoring a ban on foreign loans in the constitution , which was clearly going to be more binding on his successors than himself .
by 1989 , he was publicly proclaiming his intention of imitating albania and anchoring a ban on foreign loans in the constitution , which was clearly going to be more [tying] on his successors than himself .

These should be built into a code of practice to meet standards and objectives drawn up by the Director General of Fair Trading , and this code should be made binding on members by the relevant trade associations .
these should be built into a code of practice to meet standards and objectives drawn up by the director general of fair trading , and this code should be made [tying] on members by the relevant trade associations .

‘ Weaving ’ is thus taken in a broad sense here , and the Weaving Mother is a symbol for the process of choosing the raw material , making the threads , and binding them fast together .
‘ weaving ’ is thus taken in a broad sense here , and the weaving mother is a symbol for the process of choosing the raw material , making the threads , and [tying] them fast together .

Story-telling is considered a part of a woman 's magical repertoire — a device she can use to affect the listener , melting his heart , distracting him or binding him to her as the occasion demands .
story-telling is considered a part of a woman 's magical repertoire — a device she can use to affect the listener , melting his heart , distracting him or [tying] him to her as the occasion demands .

1.6.1 not to incur any liability on behalf of or in any way pledge or purport to pledge 's credit or purport to make any contract binding upon ;
1.6.1 not to incur any liability on behalf of or in any way pledge or purport to pledge 's credit or purport to make any contract [tying] upon ;

7.3 Orders shall not be binding on unless and until accepted by in writing , by telefax or by telex .
7.3 orders shall not be [tying] on unless and until accepted by in writing , by telefax or by telex .

In the event of such disclosure will obtain from such third parties ' duly binding agreements to maintain in confidence the information to be disclosed to the same extent at least as is so bound hereunder .
in the event of such disclosure will obtain from such third parties ' duly [tying] agreements to maintain in confidence the information to be disclosed to the same extent at least as is so bound hereunder .

6.1 The Agreement shall be binding upon the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party
6.1 the agreement shall be [tying] upon the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party

7.1 The Agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .
7.1 the agreement shall be [tying] upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .

7.1 The Agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .
7.1 the agreement shall be [tying] upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .

12.1 In the event of any dispute or difference arising between any of the Parties concerning this Agreement or the construction or performance thereof , such dispute or difference shall in the first instance be referred to the Project Manager whose decision shall be final and binding on the Parties unless with 14 days after such decision any one of the Parties shall have notified the others of his dissatisfaction with such decision .
12.1 in the event of any dispute or difference arising between any of the parties concerning this agreement or the construction or performance thereof , such dispute or difference shall in the first instance be referred to the project manager whose decision shall be final and [tying] on the parties unless with 14 days after such decision any one of the parties shall have notified the others of his dissatisfaction with such decision .

This Agreement shall continue for the benefit of , and shall be binding upon , the parties and their successors and assigns .
this agreement shall continue for the benefit of , and shall be [tying] upon , the parties and their successors and assigns .

This Agreement shall continue for the benefit of , and shall be binding upon , the parties and their successors and assigns .
this agreement shall continue for the benefit of , and shall be [tying] upon , the parties and their successors and assigns .

7.1 The Agreement shall be binding upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .
7.1 the agreement shall be [tying] upon all the parties and may not be assigned without the prior written consent of the other party .

They are of two sorts — those which are an integral part of the book , printed on the same paper and gathered up for binding with the rest of the sections ( though they will usually be paged separately ) ; and leaves or sections printed separately , sometimes on different paper altogether , which may even be of a different size .
they are of two sorts — those which are an integral part of the book , printed on the same paper and gathered up for [tying] with the rest of the sections ( though they will usually be paged separately ) ; and leaves or sections printed separately , sometimes on different paper altogether , which may even be of a different size .

While we are dealing with format it will be appropriate to consider the binding .
while we are dealing with format it will be appropriate to consider the [tying] .

Biblion and pegnunai give us ‘ bibliopegy ’ , which is the art of binding books , and ‘ bibliopegist ’ , the student and lover of bindings .
biblion and pegnunai give us ‘ bibliopegy ’ , which is the art of [tying] books , and ‘ bibliopegist ’ , the student and lover of bindings .

The collector is at once confronted with a choice : shall he assemble his collection with only the binding in mind , or shall he pay regard to the contents of the book as well ?
the collector is at once confronted with a choice : shall he assemble his collection with only the [tying] in mind , or shall he pay regard to the contents of the book as well ?

This is a ‘ cased ’ binding , which serves for the majority of modern editions .
this is a ‘ cased ’ [tying] , which serves for the majority of modern editions .

Setting these and other tricks and experiments aside , we must turn to the second of the two chief methods of covering a book which , oddly enough , is by binding it .
setting these and other tricks and experiments aside , we must turn to the second of the two chief methods of covering a book which , oddly enough , is by [tying] it .

Here is the vital distinction : binding and printing are structurally one , not separate as in a cased book .
here is the vital distinction : [tying] and printing are structurally one , not separate as in a cased book .

They are phoney devices built up of strips of card or other material to give an appearance of genuine binding .
they are phoney devices built up of strips of card or other material to give an appearance of genuine [tying] .

Incidentally , if you see a catalogue description of ‘ antique ’ applied to a binding , it usually means exactly the opposite .
incidentally , if you see a catalogue description of ‘ antique ’ applied to a [tying] , it usually means exactly the opposite .

Early publishers often sent out books simply sewn , with no proper covers at all , or in a temporary binding , in the expectation that many of their customers would wish to have volumes bound in their individual preferred styles , perhaps to match the rest of their libraries .
early publishers often sent out books simply sewn , with no proper covers at all , or in a temporary [tying] , in the expectation that many of their customers would wish to have volumes bound in their individual preferred styles , perhaps to match the rest of their libraries .

The finest of them all was probably Roger Payne ( 1739–97 ) , paradoxically an uneducated , hard-drinking workman , content to live in squalor , yet , over the years 1770–97 , producing for such patrons as Lord Spencer work that influenced the craft not only in England but in France , whose binding had for so long been supreme .
the finest of them all was probably roger payne ( 1739–97 ) , paradoxically an uneducated , hard-drinking workman , content to live in squalor , yet , over the years 1770–97 , producing for such patrons as lord spencer work that influenced the craft not only in england but in france , whose [tying] had for so long been supreme .

An elegant morocco binding , with the royal arms .
an elegant morocco [tying] , with the royal arms .

If the binding is pleasant , what matters if there be curious friends and bedfellows within ?
if the [tying] is pleasant , what matters if there be curious friends and bedfellows within ?

It should be noted that , properly speaking , wrappers are quite different from jackets or dust wrappers , which are not part of the binding but simply an extraneous protection .
it should be noted that , properly speaking , wrappers are quite different from jackets or dust wrappers , which are not part of the [tying] but simply an extraneous protection .

One mark of pride in this ‘ art , mystery and manual occupation ’ is the ‘ signed binding ’ , i.e .
one mark of pride in this ‘ art , mystery and manual occupation ’ is the ‘ signed [tying] ’ , i.e .

Never buy without close examination of the evidence , and treat with caution the auctioneer 's ‘ sold as a binding , not-subject to return ’ , since in any case there is probably something unsatisfactory about the book and the doubt may extend to the attribution .
never buy without close examination of the evidence , and treat with caution the auctioneer 's ‘ sold as a [tying] , not-subject to return ’ , since in any case there is probably something unsatisfactory about the book and the doubt may extend to the attribution .

This will depend partly on such factors as limitation of numbers , the nature of the binding and the standing of the illustrators ; and partly on the fact that , with many presses , all the magic of the crafts , predictably or unpredictably , comes together in certain books and they produce masterpieces , minor or major .
this will depend partly on such factors as limitation of numbers , the nature of the [tying] and the standing of the illustrators ; and partly on the fact that , with many presses , all the magic of the crafts , predictably or unpredictably , comes together in certain books and they produce masterpieces , minor or major .

This binding , executed in 1889 , sold for £900 several years ago .
this [tying] , executed in 1889 , sold for £900 several years ago .

In a good contemporary binding it is unlikely to fetch less than £1,500-£2,000 today .
in a good contemporary [tying] it is unlikely to fetch less than £1,500-£2,000 today .

Is the binding loose ?
is the [tying] loose ?

At a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .
at a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make [tying] rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .

( 1 ) Are we under any moral obligations — or , otherwise put , are we subject to a binding moral law ? How can we know whether we are or not ?
( 1 ) are we under any moral obligations — or , otherwise put , are we subject to a [tying] moral law ? how can we know whether we are or not ?

The first thing to realize ( in Kant 's opinion ) about moral action is that it is action done out of respect for duty as such , that is for a system of categorical imperatives recognised as binding on every rational agent whatever his desires and feelings happen to be .
the first thing to realize ( in kant 's opinion ) about moral action is that it is action done out of respect for duty as such , that is for a system of categorical imperatives recognised as [tying] on every rational agent whatever his desires and feelings happen to be .

This hardly looks the same principle , but the connection lies in the fact that for Kant the sense in which every person is an end is that each is a rational agent who , as such , should be conceived as potentially cooperating with me in settling upon and living by universal principles of behaviour taken as binding on all rational agents .
this hardly looks the same principle , but the connection lies in the fact that for kant the sense in which every person is an end is that each is a rational agent who , as such , should be conceived as potentially cooperating with me in settling upon and living by universal principles of behaviour taken as [tying] on all rational agents .

You could get into role play and domination fantasies ; taking orders ; binding , roping and restraining ; or cross-dressing …
you could get into role play and domination fantasies ; taking orders ; [tying] , roping and restraining ; or cross-dressing …

The binding magnetism of their triadic relationship — his and Tundrish 's and d'Arquebus 's — was as ever fluxing between positive and negative , attraction and repulsion .
the [tying] magnetism of their triadic relationship — his and tundrish 's and d'arquebus 's — was as ever fluxing between positive and negative , attraction and repulsion .

His weapon against the rusty binding of the bolt was a fifty kopeck coin .
his weapon against the rusty [tying] of the bolt was a fifty kopeck coin .

Some bastard cheated , they say there was not enough binding put around the joins , again the pipe leaks .
some bastard cheated , they say there was not enough [tying] put around the joins , again the pipe leaks .

Finally , the system must provide for the coordination , integration and binding together of services so that they function as one ‘ seamless service ’ , providing all the elements which one individual requires ( this is the function of case management described in Chapter 6 )
finally , the system must provide for the coordination , integration and [tying] together of services so that they function as one ‘ seamless service ’ , providing all the elements which one individual requires ( this is the function of case management described in chapter 6 )

In any event at any time prior to the execution of a binding sub-contract agreement , either the employer or the contractor may add additional sub-contractors to the list .
in any event at any time prior to the execution of a [tying] sub-contract agreement , either the employer or the contractor may add additional sub-contractors to the list .

price fixing , and exclusionary or predatory practices ) , to require firms to enter into binding commitments to desist from conduct that is demonstrably prejudicial to competition , and to propose structural remedies where firms have established a dominant position in a market .
price fixing , and exclusionary or predatory practices ) , to require firms to enter into [tying] commitments to desist from conduct that is demonstrably prejudicial to competition , and to propose structural remedies where firms have established a dominant position in a market .

the possibility of binding commitments .
the possibility of [tying] commitments .

If it is possible for firms to make binding commitments , for example legally enforceable contracts , to carry out certain agreed actions , then this raises a fundamentally different set of issues than if no such commitments are possible .
if it is possible for firms to make [tying] commitments , for example legally enforceable contracts , to carry out certain agreed actions , then this raises a fundamentally different set of issues than if no such commitments are possible .

The collusion is ‘ implicit ’ ( or ‘ tacit ’ ) in that the firms would not need to enter into binding contracts to enforce their co-operation ( p. 280 )
the collusion is ‘ implicit ’ ( or ‘ tacit ’ ) in that the firms would not need to enter into [tying] contracts to enforce their co-operation ( p. 280 )

It is tacit not simply because of the absence of a binding ( legally enforceable ) agreement , but because of the absence of any explicit agreement whatsoever .
it is tacit not simply because of the absence of a [tying] ( legally enforceable ) agreement , but because of the absence of any explicit agreement whatsoever .

The fact that the agreement is sustained by threats of market sanctions rather than a binding contract makes it no less explicit , at least in the eyes of antitrust law .
the fact that the agreement is sustained by threats of market sanctions rather than a [tying] contract makes it no less explicit , at least in the eyes of antitrust law .

’ The European Convention on Human Rights has not been made part of our law by statute , so it does not in itself create rights enforceable in our courts ; but having been ratified by this country it is binding on us as a matter of international law .
’ the european convention on human rights has not been made part of our law by statute , so it does not in itself create rights enforceable in our courts ; but having been ratified by this country it is [tying] on us as a matter of international law .

Then , before she realised what was happening , he fastened her in the double stirrups , binding her hands and feet .
then , before she realised what was happening , he fastened her in the double stirrups , [tying] her hands and feet .

John 's smoking anymore The particular point at issue is that in standard English anymore , along with other items in the any series and a number of adverbials , is in main clauses usually restricted to interrogative or negative constructions ; Labov ( 1973 ) cites the following dialogue to show the difficulty of investigating by direct questioning of a native speaker his hunch that this particular constraint was less binding in Philadelphia :
john 's smoking anymore the particular point at issue is that in standard english anymore , along with other items in the any series and a number of adverbials , is in main clauses usually restricted to interrogative or negative constructions ; labov ( 1973 ) cites the following dialogue to show the difficulty of investigating by direct questioning of a native speaker his hunch that this particular constraint was less [tying] in philadelphia :

The ‘ revolution ’ refers not only to the paper binding of volumes ( which had already occurred in the nineteenth century ) but much more to a shift in distribution methods , away from specialist outlets for books .
the ‘ revolution ’ refers not only to the paper [tying] of volumes ( which had already occurred in the nineteenth century ) but much more to a shift in distribution methods , away from specialist outlets for books .

Wires upon wires wove around him , binding him to his amplifiers .
wires upon wires wove around him , [tying] him to his amplifiers .

By eliminating ploughing , soil disturbance is kept to a minimum and wind erosion is reduced by the fact that the soil is never without either a crop cover or a binding layer of roots .
by eliminating ploughing , soil disturbance is kept to a minimum and wind erosion is reduced by the fact that the soil is never without either a crop cover or a [tying] layer of roots .

He instructed her to raise her arms above her head , and moved behind the post to wind the rope binding her wrists to the post .
he instructed her to raise her arms above her head , and moved behind the post to wind the rope [tying] her wrists to the post .

Pascoe put out a hand to touch the place and she shied away , so he drew her in , pulling against her resistance and binding her arms with his .
pascoe put out a hand to touch the place and she shied away , so he drew her in , pulling against her resistance and [tying] her arms with his .

Perhaps , if Pascoe had n't arrived , she would have gone first to her knees , then sat down , her tongue out like dead meat , with Zeno kneeling up behind her using his hands like someone binding a bale .
perhaps , if pascoe had n't arrived , she would have gone first to her knees , then sat down , her tongue out like dead meat , with zeno kneeling up behind her using his hands like someone [tying] a bale .

He wanted to be out of this place , this vale , this county , this country , these clothes , these accents , this whole binding suffocating poisonous England …
he wanted to be out of this place , this vale , this county , this country , these clothes , these accents , this whole [tying] suffocating poisonous england …

Did he mean that the constitution must exist prior in time to the government or that the principles of the constitution should be superior in character , and binding in authority , to the actions of government ?
did he mean that the constitution must exist prior in time to the government or that the principles of the constitution should be superior in character , and [tying] in authority , to the actions of government ?

The judges , even in this , their very own field of creative endeavour , have accepted , in the interests of certainty , the self-denying ordinance of ‘ stare decisis , ’ the doctrine of binding precedent : and no doubt this judicially imposed limitation on judicial law-making has helped to maintain confidence in the certainty and evenhandedness of the law .
the judges , even in this , their very own field of creative endeavour , have accepted , in the interests of certainty , the self-denying ordinance of ‘ stare decisis , ’ the doctrine of [tying] precedent : and no doubt this judicially imposed limitation on judicial law-making has helped to maintain confidence in the certainty and evenhandedness of the law .

In Japan superiors are expected to make their subordinates accept the practice of groupism so that trust is constituted which transcends particularlisms , binding each person to the universal love of the enterprise .
in japan superiors are expected to make their subordinates accept the practice of groupism so that trust is constituted which transcends particularlisms , [tying] each person to the universal love of the enterprise .

These are generally applicable and binding in their entirety , and have direct effect upon all member states .
these are generally applicable and [tying] in their entirety , and have direct effect upon all member states .

These , unlike regulations , do not necessarily have immediate binding force .
these , unlike regulations , do not necessarily have immediate [tying] force .

These do not have binding effect upon member states .
these do not have [tying] effect upon member states .

Decisions of the House of Lords are binding upon all other courts trying civil or criminal cases .
decisions of the house of lords are [tying] upon all other courts trying civil or criminal cases .

Our change of practice in no longer regarding previous decisions of this House as absolutely binding does not mean that whenever we think a previous decision was wrong we should reverse it .
our change of practice in no longer regarding previous decisions of this house as absolutely [tying] does not mean that whenever we think a previous decision was wrong we should reverse it .

The decisions of this court are binding on all inferior courts trying civil or criminal cases , including divisional courts .
the decisions of this court are [tying] on all inferior courts trying civil or criminal cases , including divisional courts .

The appropriate forum for the correction of the Court of Appeal 's errors is the House of Lords , where the decision will at least have the merit of being final and binding , subject only to the House 's power to review its own decisions .
the appropriate forum for the correction of the court of appeal 's errors is the house of lords , where the decision will at least have the merit of being final and [tying] , subject only to the house 's power to review its own decisions .

Forms of precedent which are not binding
forms of precedent which are not [tying]

There are certain forms of precedent which are not binding .
there are certain forms of precedent which are not [tying] .

Should the company do a thing which was outside the scope of the clause it was said to be beyond the company 's powers and ultra vires.At common law an ultra vires act was unlawful and without binding effect and a shareholder could restrain the company from undertaking ultra vires activities .
should the company do a thing which was outside the scope of the clause it was said to be beyond the company 's powers and ultra vires.at common law an ultra vires act was unlawful and without [tying] effect and a shareholder could restrain the company from undertaking ultra vires activities .

The company 's actions in entering into a contract with Riche were ultra vires , and therefore the contract between the company and Riche was void and not binding upon either party .
the company 's actions in entering into a contract with riche were ultra vires , and therefore the contract between the company and riche was void and not [tying] upon either party .

Where a minority within an ethnic minority successfully pursues a strategy of contest mobility , and rises to positions of relative power and affluence , the teleologies of roots radicalism can reassert the organic links binding those who are moving onwards and upwards to those still in the ghetto .
where a minority within an ethnic minority successfully pursues a strategy of contest mobility , and rises to positions of relative power and affluence , the teleologies of roots radicalism can reassert the organic links [tying] those who are moving onwards and upwards to those still in the ghetto .

‘ The constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in Acts of Parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of Parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by Parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .
‘ the constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in acts of parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by parliament constitutes a rule [tying] upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .

In the final resort matters in disagreement were to be referred to the Shipping Controller , though his decision was not binding unless agreed by both sides .
in the final resort matters in disagreement were to be referred to the shipping controller , though his decision was not [tying] unless agreed by both sides .

You can understand the need for a programme , constructed in advance and regarded by you as legally binding on your attention .
you can understand the need for a programme , constructed in advance and regarded by you as legally [tying] on your attention .

This fancy name is meant to indicate that you take only one loose-leaf binding cover to all lectures .
this fancy name is meant to indicate that you take only one loose-leaf [tying] cover to all lectures .

These are also binding covers with cords , of the same size as the Lecfile but of inferior quality .
these are also [tying] covers with cords , of the same size as the lecfile but of inferior quality .

In searching for question 7 for example , the examiner must open the book fully at each page until he spots the small number 7 almost tucked into the binding .
in searching for question 7 for example , the examiner must open the book fully at each page until he spots the small number 7 almost tucked into the [tying] .

Often , they are incorporated into the constitution of the organisation and then become legally binding .
often , they are incorporated into the constitution of the organisation and then become legally [tying] .

Each organisation or society is free to decide what shall constitute a quorum at its own meeting but , when a number or proportion has been decided , it is incorporated into the standing orders and becomes binding at all future meetings .
each organisation or society is free to decide what shall constitute a quorum at its own meeting but , when a number or proportion has been decided , it is incorporated into the standing orders and becomes [tying] at all future meetings .

Meanwhile , the colonization , settlement and economic exploitation of the Siberian mainland continued throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , binding the territory ever more closely to metropolitan Russia and reflecting , contributing to or suffering from every stage of the nation 's overall historical development .
meanwhile , the colonization , settlement and economic exploitation of the siberian mainland continued throughout the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , [tying] the territory ever more closely to metropolitan russia and reflecting , contributing to or suffering from every stage of the nation 's overall historical development .

When first a new people group was contacted , the leaders were asked to pay tribute , and then they were often persuaded to make a solemn pact or covenant ( shen or prisyaga ) The customs of the locals were investigated to elicit information about what sort of oath would be regarded as the most binding .
when first a new people group was contacted , the leaders were asked to pay tribute , and then they were often persuaded to make a solemn pact or covenant ( shen or prisyaga ) the customs of the locals were investigated to elicit information about what sort of oath would be regarded as the most [tying] .

In general there was the invocation of one or more deities to bear witness that a binding contract was being undertaken .
in general there was the invocation of one or more deities to bear witness that a [tying] contract was being undertaken .

Nitrite affects the fish by binding with the blood and preventing it carrying as much oxygen as normal .
nitrite affects the fish by [tying] with the blood and preventing it carrying as much oxygen as normal .

Okay , so this is a binding ingredient and , contains valuable minerals , but it is also the cheapest element of the blend and passes undigested through the fish , increasing the volume of solid waste .
okay , so this is a [tying] ingredient and , contains valuable minerals , but it is also the cheapest element of the blend and passes undigested through the fish , increasing the volume of solid waste .

The best known example is the relaxation in the binding quality of its own decisions in favour of the liberty of the subject , provided for by Taylor .
the best known example is the relaxation in the [tying] quality of its own decisions in favour of the liberty of the subject , provided for by taylor .

Obviously , the Court of Appeal must follow any House of Lords ruling binding upon it .
obviously , the court of appeal must follow any house of lords ruling [tying] upon it .

Specifically , how is Ras activated by Grb2-Sos binding ?
specifically , how is ras activated by grb2-sos [tying] ?

Binding of Grb2-Sos to activated receptors seems to increase the affinity of Grb2-Sos interaction , but guanine nucleotide exchange of Sos1 itself looks to be indifferent to the binding state of its chaperone adaptor protein .
[tying] of grb2-sos to activated receptors seems to increase the affinity of grb2-sos interaction , but guanine nucleotide exchange of sos1 itself looks to be indifferent to the [tying] state of its chaperone adaptor protein .

Ionic and molecular recognition is a frequent characteristic of such host-guest interactions , aided by a cavity in the host with fixed or semi-fixed binding sites .
ionic and molecular recognition is a frequent characteristic of such host-guest interactions , aided by a cavity in the host with fixed or semi-fixed [tying] sites .

The judge held that there was no binding compromise .
the judge held that there was no [tying] compromise .

’ The petitioner pleaded in reply that no binding compromise had been reached and asserted , in the alternative that the compromise agreement had been cancelled by the failure on the part of the respondents to pay the sums due to be paid thereunder .
’ the petitioner pleaded in reply that no [tying] compromise had been reached and asserted , in the alternative that the compromise agreement had been cancelled by the failure on the part of the respondents to pay the sums due to be paid thereunder .

‘ Although this is not binding upon your Lordships , the United Kingdom is , of course , a party to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and it is urged that it is at least desirable that the domestic law of the United Kingdom should accord with the decisions of the European Court of Human Rights under the Convention .
‘ although this is not [tying] upon your lordships , the united kingdom is , of course , a party to the convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms and it is urged that it is at least desirable that the domestic law of the united kingdom should accord with the decisions of the european court of human rights under the convention .

‘ if it is demonstrated by reference to authority binding on this court , or by reference to clearly established principles of the common law , that the appellants were rightly held to have committed the actus reus of contempt of court , this court can not apply directly the terms of the Convention so as to reach a different conclusion .
‘ if it is demonstrated by reference to authority [tying] on this court , or by reference to clearly established principles of the common law , that the appellants were rightly held to have committed the actus reus of contempt of court , this court can not apply directly the terms of the convention so as to reach a different conclusion .

If , however , it is not clear in what terms the relevant law is to be formulated , and there is no binding authority upon the matter , this court should have regard to the terms of the Convention because it is a safe presumption that the law of contempt of court in this country is in conformity with the requirements of that Convention .
if , however , it is not clear in what terms the relevant law is to be formulated , and there is no [tying] authority upon the matter , this court should have regard to the terms of the convention because it is a safe presumption that the law of contempt of court in this country is in conformity with the requirements of that convention .

( c ) Recognition of the need to perform remedial work if one recognisably infringes any of the norms which one intuitively regards as binding .
( c ) recognition of the need to perform remedial work if one recognisably infringes any of the norms which one intuitively regards as [tying] .

Although still widely read , more especially in the United States , as a satire on ‘ the emptiness of capitalist philosophy ’ ( to quote from the blurb on the binding of a recent edition ) , the book in fact offers an insight into the development of civilized societies of particular relevance to the social orientation of modern archaeology .
although still widely read , more especially in the united states , as a satire on ‘ the emptiness of capitalist philosophy ’ ( to quote from the blurb on the [tying] of a recent edition ) , the book in fact offers an insight into the development of civilized societies of particular relevance to the social orientation of modern archaeology .

This shows that the temperature-sensitive mutation ts-1 does not affect the subunit assembly of the endonuclease by preventing binding to the HsdR subunit .
this shows that the temperature-sensitive mutation ts-1 does not affect the subunit assembly of the endonuclease by preventing [tying] to the hsdr subunit .

If the need to remove Mark is questionable , then the case conference should not recommend anything which the social worker will view as binding .
if the need to remove mark is questionable , then the case conference should not recommend anything which the social worker will view as [tying] .

Nucleic acid binding affinity
nucleic acid [tying] affinity

In vitro , the only effect of the mutations was a decrease in the binding affinity of CytR , and a clear correlation was observed between the reduction in CytR regulation in vivo and the reduction in CytR binding in vitro .
in vitro , the only effect of the mutations was a decrease in the [tying] affinity of cytr , and a clear correlation was observed between the reduction in cytr regulation in vivo and the reduction in cytr [tying] in vitro .

Degenerate versions of the inverted repeat are present in all CytR binding sites characterized so far , however , the distance between the half-sites varies .
degenerate versions of the inverted repeat are present in all cytr [tying] sites characterized so far , however , the distance between the half-sites varies .

Site directed mutagenesis of the CytR binding site
site directed mutagenesis of the cytr [tying] site

Binding of CytR to either of the two fragments result i the formation of only one retarded complex ( Fig .
[tying] of cytr to either of the two fragments result i the formation of only one retarded complex ( fig .

Gel retardation analysis of the binding of CytR and cAMP-CRP to wt- and mutant deoP2 promoters .
gel retardation analysis of the [tying] of cytr and camp-crp to wt- and mutant deop2 promoters .

Methylated Gs are involved in the specific protein-oligonucleotide binding
methylated gs are involved in the specific protein-oligonucleotide [tying]

Binding of the proteins to the oligonucleotides is necessary for transcriptional activity
[tying] of the proteins to the oligonucleotides is necessary for transcriptional activity

The way in which the 80 bp fragment stimulates transcription suggests that the proteins binding to this fragment work like activators ( see 23 ) .
the way in which the 80 bp fragment stimulates transcription suggests that the proteins [tying] to this fragment work like activators ( see 23 ) .

The extracellular domain has an adhesion site towards the N-terminal region and several calcium binding sites .
the extracellular domain has an adhesion site towards the n-terminal region and several calcium [tying] sites .

Adhesive binding is homophilic : a cadherin molecule on one cell binds to another cadherin molecule of the same type on the next cell .
adhesive [tying] is homophilic : a cadherin molecule on one cell binds to another cadherin molecule of the same type on the next cell .

The immunoglobulin superfamily is large and diverse probably because the basic structure of the immunoglobulin domain is versatile and readily adaptable to different binding functions .
the immunoglobulin superfamily is large and diverse probably because the basic structure of the immunoglobulin domain is versatile and readily adaptable to different [tying] functions .

These are heterodimers consisting of one αchain and one β chain , both of which are necessary for adhesive binding .
these are heterodimers consisting of one αchain and one β chain , both of which are necessary for adhesive [tying] .

Most cellular adhesive interactions seem to entail homophilic or heterophilic protein to protein binding .
most cellular adhesive interactions seem to entail homophilic or heterophilic protein to protein [tying] .

For example , formation of secondary tumours by injected melanoma cells in mice was inhibited by simultaneous injection of a short synthetic peptide containing the -arg-gly-asp-tripeptide that blocks integrin α5β1 binding to fibronectin , strongly suggesting a role for matrix adhesion in the formation of metastases .
for example , formation of secondary tumours by injected melanoma cells in mice was inhibited by simultaneous injection of a short synthetic peptide containing the -arg-gly-asp-tripeptide that blocks integrin α5β1 [tying] to fibronectin , strongly suggesting a role for matrix adhesion in the formation of metastases .

Cell adhesion molecules are also involved in some infectious and parasitic diseases , in which the invading organisms use the normal tissue molecules for binding .
cell adhesion molecules are also involved in some infectious and parasitic diseases , in which the invading organisms use the normal tissue molecules for [tying] .

An important function of cell adhesion molecules in addition to adhesive binding is transmission of signals across cell membranes .
an important function of cell adhesion molecules in addition to adhesive [tying] is transmission of signals across cell membranes .

Signals can be transmitted from the outside to the inside of cells in response to ligand binding , affecting second messengers and gene transcription , or from the inside to the outside of cells , modulating the binding affinity of cell adhesion molecules .
signals can be transmitted from the outside to the inside of cells in response to ligand [tying] , affecting second messengers and gene transcription , or from the inside to the outside of cells , modulating the [tying] affinity of cell adhesion molecules .

The evidence in rats that morphine 3-glucuronide may antagonise the analgesic actions of morphine is unsubstantiated and is hard to explain given that morphine 3-glucuronide has a much lower binding affinity for opioid receptors than either morphine or the active morphine metabolite , morphine 6-glucuronide .
the evidence in rats that morphine 3-glucuronide may antagonise the analgesic actions of morphine is unsubstantiated and is hard to explain given that morphine 3-glucuronide has a much lower [tying] affinity for opioid receptors than either morphine or the active morphine metabolite , morphine 6-glucuronide .

The mind that can not conceive the benefits to accrue by a coming together and a binding by paternal ties of a people having common sympathy must be wayward indeed .
the mind that can not conceive the benefits to accrue by a coming together and a [tying] by paternal ties of a people having common sympathy must be wayward indeed .

If relevant to clinical practice these in vitro observations suggest that pseudoallergic drug reactions may be regulated not by pharmacological specificity but by relatively non-specific protein binding properties .
if relevant to clinical practice these in vitro observations suggest that pseudoallergic drug reactions may be regulated not by pharmacological specificity but by relatively non-specific protein [tying] properties .

The displacement properties of acidic or basic protein binding drugs and effects of released vasoactive mediators are probably additive .
the displacement properties of acidic or basic protein [tying] drugs and effects of released vasoactive mediators are probably additive .

The Helsinki ‘ Final Act ’ was not a binding treaty but rather a series of pledges .
the helsinki ‘ final act ’ was not a [tying] treaty but rather a series of pledges .

The issue is then referred to an independent tribunal for a binding decision as to whether the claimant is entitled to the benefit or has been unfairly dismissed .
the issue is then referred to an independent tribunal for a [tying] decision as to whether the claimant is entitled to the benefit or has been unfairly dismissed .

The inspector 's report is not binding on the minister ; it is merely advisory .
the inspector 's report is not [tying] on the minister ; it is merely advisory .

Decisions of the Commissioners are binding on adjudication officers and on tribunals , but not all decisions of the Commissioners are reported .
decisions of the commissioners are [tying] on adjudication officers and on tribunals , but not all decisions of the commissioners are reported .

This is surely right , even though in cases like Davis v. Johnson , which began in the county court , situations can arise in which there is not only an important point of interpretation to be decided , but also binding decisions of the Court of Appeal to be considered .
this is surely right , even though in cases like davis v. johnson , which began in the county court , situations can arise in which there is not only an important point of interpretation to be decided , but also [tying] decisions of the court of appeal to be considered .

The solution has been to separate the propositions made in judgments into two categories : those of binding authority and those of persuasive authority .
the solution has been to separate the propositions made in judgments into two categories : those of [tying] authority and those of persuasive authority .

Indeed some propositions falling into the second category are of such little weight as to amount to virtually no authority at all , while others are so significant as to be more important than those apparently of binding authority .
indeed some propositions falling into the second category are of such little weight as to amount to virtually no authority at all , while others are so significant as to be more important than those apparently of [tying] authority .

Only that part of the judgment classified as binding authority is required to be followed in a similar later case .
only that part of the judgment classified as [tying] authority is required to be followed in a similar later case .

This is the binding authority of the decision .
this is the [tying] authority of the decision .

Though it is the ratio that will be binding , the significance of other statements ( obiter dicta ) which have only persuasive authority may be considerable .
though it is the ratio that will be [tying] , the significance of other statements ( obiter dicta ) which have only persuasive authority may be considerable .

For example , faced with the ratio of a two to one majority decision in the Court of Appeal as against dicta of three judges in the House of Lords agreeing with the dissent in the Court of Appeal and casting doubt on the correctness of the majority opinion , but not expressly overruling it , it is clear that the Court of Appeal must follow the dicta of the House of Lords rather than the ratio of their earlier decision , so paradoxically preferring the persuasive to the binding authority .
for example , faced with the ratio of a two to one majority decision in the court of appeal as against dicta of three judges in the house of lords agreeing with the dissent in the court of appeal and casting doubt on the correctness of the majority opinion , but not expressly overruling it , it is clear that the court of appeal must follow the dicta of the house of lords rather than the ratio of their earlier decision , so paradoxically preferring the persuasive to the [tying] authority .

The use of cases as precedents therefore involves an evaluation of the weight of propositions , both of binding and of persuasive authority , and of their application to the facts of the instant dispute . In evaluating the weight of propositions , the following factors will be relevant :
the use of cases as precedents therefore involves an evaluation of the weight of propositions , both of [tying] and of persuasive authority , and of their application to the facts of the instant dispute . in evaluating the weight of propositions , the following factors will be relevant :

The doctrine of precedent restrains tribunals and the trial judges in the county courts and in the High Court from digressing into frolics of legal innovation , but even the trial judge will be presented from time to time with issues upon which there are no binding precedents .
the doctrine of precedent restrains tribunals and the trial judges in the county courts and in the high court from digressing into frolics of legal innovation , but even the trial judge will be presented from time to time with issues upon which there are no [tying] precedents .

If the nest is a hanging one , then the bird will fly round and round the first threads , binding more around them to form the walls of the cup .
if the nest is a hanging one , then the bird will fly round and round the first threads , [tying] more around them to form the walls of the cup .

‘ ( 1 ) In this Act a ‘ self-regulating organisation ’ means a body ( whether a body corporate or an unincorporated association ) which regulates the carrying on of investment business of any kind by enforcing rules which are binding on persons carrying on business of that kind either because they are members of that body or because they are otherwise subject to its control .
‘ ( 1 ) in this act a ‘ self-regulating organisation ’ means a body ( whether a body corporate or an unincorporated association ) which regulates the carrying on of investment business of any kind by enforcing rules which are [tying] on persons carrying on business of that kind either because they are members of that body or because they are otherwise subject to its control .

The prohibitions set out in paragraph 4 above shall take effect as from the date herein and shall be binding upon Norwich Union until such time as this notice is rescinded or varied by the board or is the subject of an order made by the Appeal Tribunal of Lautro .
the prohibitions set out in paragraph 4 above shall take effect as from the date herein and shall be [tying] upon norwich union until such time as this notice is rescinded or varied by the board or is the subject of an order made by the appeal tribunal of lautro .

‘ ( 1 ) In this Act a ‘ self-regulating organisation ’ means a body ( whether a body corporate or an unincorporated association ) which regulates the carrying on of investment business of any kind by enforcing rules which are binding on persons carrying on business of that kind either because they are members of that body or because they are otherwise subject to its control .
‘ ( 1 ) in this act a ‘ self-regulating organisation ’ means a body ( whether a body corporate or an unincorporated association ) which regulates the carrying on of investment business of any kind by enforcing rules which are [tying] on persons carrying on business of that kind either because they are members of that body or because they are otherwise subject to its control .

‘ the basal reason for binding the creditor with equities arising from the conduct of the husband is that in substance , if not technically , the wife is a volunteer conferring an important advantage upon her husband who in virtue of his position has an opportunity of abusing the confidence she may be expected to place in him and the creditor relies upon the person in that position to obtain her agreement to become his surety .
‘ the basal reason for [tying] the creditor with equities arising from the conduct of the husband is that in substance , if not technically , the wife is a volunteer conferring an important advantage upon her husband who in virtue of his position has an opportunity of abusing the confidence she may be expected to place in him and the creditor relies upon the person in that position to obtain her agreement to become his surety .

The choice between the two roads can not , in my opinion , be made simply by reference to binding authority .
the choice between the two roads can not , in my opinion , be made simply by reference to [tying] authority .

Binding authority can be found to justify either .
[tying] authority can be found to justify either .

( 3 ) Subject to subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) below , a determination of the adjudicator under a recognised scheme , which is , by virtue of the complainant 's acceptance of it , binding on the building society or associated body shall be final and conclusive and shall not be questioned in any court of law .
( 3 ) subject to subsections ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) below , a determination of the adjudicator under a recognised scheme , which is , by virtue of the complainant 's acceptance of it , [tying] on the building society or associated body shall be final and conclusive and shall not be questioned in any court of law .

( 5 ) Where a determination of the adjudicator under a recognised scheme is binding on the building society or associated body , the adjudicator shall , at the request of the society or associated body , state a case for the opinion of the High Court on any question of law and the High Court may direct the adjudicator to reconsider the complaint .
( 5 ) where a determination of the adjudicator under a recognised scheme is [tying] on the building society or associated body , the adjudicator shall , at the request of the society or associated body , state a case for the opinion of the high court on any question of law and the high court may direct the adjudicator to reconsider the complaint .

The sheer weight of dicta amassed was intimidating , but Mr. Ashworth conceded he could find no authority actually binding on me .
the sheer weight of dicta amassed was intimidating , but mr. ashworth conceded he could find no authority actually [tying] on me .

Such would obviously be so in the case of a binding compromise ; but even where there is no consideration for the payment , it may have been made to close the transaction and so be irrecoverable .
such would obviously be so in the case of a [tying] compromise ; but even where there is no consideration for the payment , it may have been made to close the transaction and so be irrecoverable .

There are two possible ways of waiving : ( a ) By contract or other binding pledge before trial … The promise to waive may be embodied in an express contract or in a contract implied by the conduct of the parties .
there are two possible ways of waiving : ( a ) by contract or other [tying] pledge before trial … the promise to waive may be embodied in an express contract or in a contract implied by the conduct of the parties .

‘ Nothing in this Act shall be construed as enabling any court to make an order that is binding on the Crown or on any person in his capacity as an officer or servant of the Crown .
‘ nothing in this act shall be construed as enabling any court to make an order that is [tying] on the crown or on any person in his capacity as an officer or servant of the crown .

‘ If this interest be not determinable so long as the tenant complies with the terms of the agreement , it would operate as an estate for life ; which can only be created by deed … The notion of a tenancy from year to year , the lessor binding himself not to give notice to quit , which was once thrown out by Lord Mansfield , has been long exploded .
‘ if this interest be not determinable so long as the tenant complies with the terms of the agreement , it would operate as an estate for life ; which can only be created by deed … the notion of a tenancy from year to year , the lessor [tying] himself not to give notice to quit , which was once thrown out by lord mansfield , has been long exploded .

If a 75 per cent majority of creditors present in person or by proxy at a meeting of creditors agree to the proposals , then they become binding on all creditors and the insolvency practitioner who assisted the debtor or another such practitioner nominated by the creditors supervises the implementation of the proposals .
if a 75 per cent majority of creditors present in person or by proxy at a meeting of creditors agree to the proposals , then they become [tying] on all creditors and the insolvency practitioner who assisted the debtor or another such practitioner nominated by the creditors supervises the implementation of the proposals .

To the right lay a couple of buff-coloured laboratory files with biology registrations and , beside them , flat open on the bench , a quarto-sized loose-leaf notebook with a ring binding .
to the right lay a couple of buff-coloured laboratory files with biology registrations and , beside them , flat open on the bench , a quarto-sized loose-leaf notebook with a ring [tying] .

2 If a future Parliament is `` hung `` with the centre parties holding the balance of power between Conservative and Labour then the Liberals and Social Democrats have made it clear that the price of their giving support to any minority government would be a binding agreement to introduce proportional representation .
2 if a future parliament is `` hung `` with the centre parties holding the balance of power between conservative and labour then the liberals and social democrats have made it clear that the price of their giving support to any minority government would be a [tying] agreement to introduce proportional representation .

The plan itself does serve as a binding mechanism to reduce ambiguity , but not too much should be expected of it .
the plan itself does serve as a [tying] mechanism to reduce ambiguity , but not too much should be expected of it .

Contrasting binding on the leading edges of curtains ( those that come to the centre ) will give a sharp definition and a smart finish .
contrasting [tying] on the leading edges of curtains ( those that come to the centre ) will give a sharp definition and a smart finish .

In this instance , you must finish off the raw edge of the hem either by overcasting or , for a really professional finish , by binding it with a fine bias binding .
in this instance , you must finish off the raw edge of the hem either by overcasting or , for a really professional finish , by [tying] it with a fine bias [tying] .

The witness was subsequently recalled and it was established that her particular work ( presumably some form of basting or binding ) could not be accomplished by machine .
the witness was subsequently recalled and it was established that her particular work ( presumably some form of basting or [tying] ) could not be accomplished by machine .

Almost every finding made by the tribunal would be reassessed in the superior courts and be binding if right , but would not be binding if judged by the superior court to be wrong .
almost every finding made by the tribunal would be reassessed in the superior courts and be [tying] if right , but would not be [tying] if judged by the superior court to be wrong .

In authorities where there are party groups it is almost universal practice for the group to meet before meetings of full council and for group decisions to be binding on members at full council meetings , although there is often ( but not always ) a more relaxed attitude to voting discipline in committees ( see Widdicombe , 1986 , vol .
in authorities where there are party groups it is almost universal practice for the group to meet before meetings of full council and for group decisions to be [tying] on members at full council meetings , although there is often ( but not always ) a more relaxed attitude to voting discipline in committees ( see widdicombe , 1986 , vol .

Laws enacted by claimant nations within the territories claimed , including those concerned with conservation and resource management , could not be regarded as binding by other nations that for any reason rejected the claims .
laws enacted by claimant nations within the territories claimed , including those concerned with conservation and resource management , could not be regarded as [tying] by other nations that for any reason rejected the claims .

For both of them , though , the marriage vow was binding , and although they had been tempted , their relationship was still platonic .
for both of them , though , the marriage vow was [tying] , and although they had been tempted , their relationship was still platonic .

Entry to this competition implies acceptance of the rules as final and legally binding .
entry to this competition implies acceptance of the rules as final and legally [tying] .

At the topstation of La Flegere ( 2,450m ) , a south-facing ski area in the Chamonix valley , we all donned skins and special binding adaptors which enabled us to lift our heels in order to walk uphill .
at the topstation of la flegere ( 2,450m ) , a south-facing ski area in the chamonix valley , we all donned skins and special [tying] adaptors which enabled us to lift our heels in order to walk uphill .

The most feverish area of research in snowboarding for the past few years has been the quest for an improved binding system — in particular a releasable binding that works .
the most feverish area of research in snowboarding for the past few years has been the quest for an improved [tying] system — in particular a releasable [tying] that works .

Meyer are claiming that a number of competitive snowboarders are switching to this binding this winter .
meyer are claiming that a number of competitive snowboarders are switching to this [tying] this winter .

Up until now most advanced snowboarders have firmly resisted anything except a non-release binding .
up until now most advanced snowboarders have firmly resisted anything except a non-release [tying] .

Nava was a truly radical concept : a soft skiboot ( an enhanced moonboot , in fact ) with its own binding system that incorporated an arm that wrapped around the lower leg to transmit edging movements to the ski .
nava was a truly radical concept : a soft skiboot ( an enhanced moonboot , in fact ) with its own [tying] system that incorporated an arm that wrapped around the lower leg to transmit edging movements to the ski .

The key advantages were a very comfortable boot , with a grippy rubber sole and a dramatic reduction of the weight of boot and binding combined .
the key advantages were a very comfortable boot , with a grippy rubber sole and a dramatic reduction of the weight of boot and [tying] combined .

Mana put a huge amount of money into their boot and binding , but it flopped in the market .
mana put a huge amount of money into their boot and [tying] , but it flopped in the market .

Much more rudimentary ( and cheap ) ; are 3 metre cords tied to your heel binding and tucked inside your ski pants .
much more rudimentary ( and cheap ) ; are 3 metre cords tied to your heel [tying] and tucked inside your ski pants .

‘ That man will never win another downhill , ’ vowed the Crazy Canuck , Ken Read , who lost his opportunity when his binding released prematurely .
‘ that man will never win another downhill , ’ vowed the crazy canuck , ken read , who lost his opportunity when his [tying] released prematurely .

To maintain the law of purity as equally binding upon men and women .
to maintain the law of purity as equally [tying] upon men and women .

He 'd daubed a rock with paint and used the tell-tale splashes to correct a slight right-hand drift , and then he 'd taken a rasp to the elaborate Monte Carlo grip , reshaping the stock to approximate to the military form on which he 'd been trained and binding it with tape when it was as he wanted .
he 'd daubed a rock with paint and used the tell-tale splashes to correct a slight right-hand drift , and then he 'd taken a rasp to the elaborate monte carlo grip , reshaping the stock to approximate to the military form on which he 'd been trained and [tying] it with tape when it was as he wanted .

Dulé was to slip into the sea , then , binding the container of burning pitch to his head with a deep cushioning of reeds in between to prevent him getting burned , he would swim to the ship , gouge a hole in the hull with his knife and , taking dry tinder from a companion swimming alongside him , light spills from the fire and pass them through the walls of the ship , then slip back under the cover of the mangroves and lie in wait for the panic .
dulé was to slip into the sea , then , [tying] the container of burning pitch to his head with a deep cushioning of reeds in between to prevent him getting burned , he would swim to the ship , gouge a hole in the hull with his knife and , taking dry tinder from a companion swimming alongside him , light spills from the fire and pass them through the walls of the ship , then slip back under the cover of the mangroves and lie in wait for the panic .

Shaving your temples and sticking out your tummy versus binding your breasts to flatten them and pulling out your teeth .
shaving your temples and sticking out your tummy versus [tying] your breasts to flatten them and pulling out your teeth .

But even more , the student should come to understand that there are an infinite number of frameworks with which to describe the world ; and that none has any binding claim over the others .
but even more , the student should come to understand that there are an infinite number of frameworks with which to describe the world ; and that none has any [tying] claim over the others .

to gather separate sections or leaves of a book together in the correct order for binding .
to gather separate sections or leaves of a book together in the correct order for [tying] .

a method of binding a paper cover to a book by drawing the cover on and gluing to the back of the book .
a method of [tying] a paper cover to a book by drawing the cover on and gluing to the back of the book .

the operation of inserting the printed pages , sections or signatures of a book in the correct order for binding .
the operation of inserting the printed pages , sections or signatures of a book in the correct order for [tying] .

a narrow strip of paper or linen pasted to a single leaf to allow sewing into a section for binding .
a narrow strip of paper or linen pasted to a single leaf to allow sewing into a section for [tying] .

a method of binding which allows the insertion and removal of pages for continuous updating .
a method of [tying] which allows the insertion and removal of pages for continuous updating .

Mechanical binding
mechanical [tying]

a method of binding which secures pre-trimmed leaves by the insertion of wire or plastic spirals through holes drilled in the binding edge .
a method of [tying] which secures pre-trimmed leaves by the insertion of wire or plastic spirals through holes drilled in the [tying] edge .

a stage in book binding where after sewing the sheets are pressed to expel air .
a stage in book [tying] where after sewing the sheets are pressed to expel air .

Perfect binding
perfect [tying]

a common method of binding paperback books .
a common method of [tying] paperback books .

a method of binding where the folded pages are stitched through the spine from the outside , using wire staples .
a method of [tying] where the folded pages are stitched through the spine from the outside , using wire staples .

the folded sections of a book are stabbed through with wire staples at the binding edge , prior to the covers being drawn on .
the folded sections of a book are stabbed through with wire staples at the [tying] edge , prior to the covers being drawn on .

a letter or figure printed on the first page of each section of a book and used as a guide when collating and binding .
a letter or figure printed on the first page of each section of a book and used as a guide when collating and [tying] .

the binding edge at the back of a book .
the [tying] edge at the back of a book .

the separate insertion of a single page into a book either during or after binding by pasting one edge .
the separate insertion of a single page into a book either during or after [tying] by pasting one edge .

‘ Barley , ’ as Arthur Young noted , ‘ is everywhere in Suffolk mown and left loose , the neater method of binding in sheaves is not practised .
‘ barley , ’ as arthur young noted , ‘ is everywhere in suffolk mown and left loose , the neater method of [tying] in sheaves is not practised .

For his part Humphrys maintained with some justice that any binding provision would not be compatible with Iraq 's future independent status .
for his part humphrys maintained with some justice that any [tying] provision would not be compatible with iraq 's future independent status .

Jebb favoured a system of alliance or partnership between Britain and what came to be known as the dominions : he approved of separate dominion navies in co-operation with the Royal Navy ; he wanted tariff reform and imperial preference as means of binding the dominions more closely ; and he wanted the imperial conference turned into a continuous body handling large defence and economic questions .
jebb favoured a system of alliance or partnership between britain and what came to be known as the dominions : he approved of separate dominion navies in co-operation with the royal navy ; he wanted tariff reform and imperial preference as means of [tying] the dominions more closely ; and he wanted the imperial conference turned into a continuous body handling large defence and economic questions .

The Edwards firm ‘ invented ’ three binding styles much in vogue with collectors then and now : transparent vellum with paintings executed on the underside of the skin ; Etruscan calf ; and hidden fore-edge paintings of landscape scenes .
the edwards firm ‘ invented ’ three [tying] styles much in vogue with collectors then and now : transparent vellum with paintings executed on the underside of the skin ; etruscan calf ; and hidden fore-edge paintings of landscape scenes .

The fore-edge painting could , of course , be combined with a vellum or Etruscan calf binding .
the fore-edge painting could , of course , be combined with a vellum or etruscan calf [tying] .

Where the receiver enters into a new contract this will be binding on the company .
where the receiver enters into a new contract this will be [tying] on the company .

Adoption is different from novation and also appears to be distinguishable from merely acting as though the contract were binding on the company .
adoption is different from novation and also appears to be distinguishable from merely acting as though the contract were [tying] on the company .

There 's the binding now .
there 's the [tying] now .

The snakes multiplied , swarming over her , binding her more tightly to the chair .
the snakes multiplied , swarming over her , [tying] her more tightly to the chair .

But he reaffirmed that no ‘ Finnish solution ’ or ‘ conspiracy of accommodation ’ made by the superpowers from outside would be acceptable to the mujahidin or considered binding on them .
but he reaffirmed that no ‘ finnish solution ’ or ‘ conspiracy of accommodation ’ made by the superpowers from outside would be acceptable to the mujahidin or considered [tying] on them .

At the time it had seemed that they shared so much that they must have some mystic chain binding them together .
at the time it had seemed that they shared so much that they must have some mystic chain [tying] them together .

The necessary conditions for the formation of sand dunes are a wide foreshore exposed at low tide so that the wind blowing over it can dry the sand and set it in motion ; something to trap the sand and cause it to start accumulating ; and plants to colonise the pile of sand and by binding it together to prevent its complete destruction by the wind or high tides .
the necessary conditions for the formation of sand dunes are a wide foreshore exposed at low tide so that the wind blowing over it can dry the sand and set it in motion ; something to trap the sand and cause it to start accumulating ; and plants to colonise the pile of sand and by [tying] it together to prevent its complete destruction by the wind or high tides .

Differences in the vegetation cover can affect erosion by direct protection of the ground and by binding the soil mantle together .
differences in the vegetation cover can affect erosion by direct protection of the ground and by [tying] the soil mantle together .

It takes the form of a legally binding contract and the normal rules of contract apply to establish the existence , meaning and effect of the agreement .
it takes the form of a legally [tying] contract and the normal rules of contract apply to establish the existence , meaning and effect of the agreement .

On the other hand , Article 189 mentions two other types of measure which are not binding , that is , recommendations and opinions , as to which it provides :
on the other hand , article 189 mentions two other types of measure which are not [tying] , that is , recommendations and opinions , as to which it provides :

‘ Recommendations and opinions shall have no binding force . ’
‘ recommendations and opinions shall have no [tying] force . ’

On the other hand , the existing case law on delegation of powers suggests that it would not be possible to grant such a body power to issue binding Community legislation of the types defined in the treaty , whereas the Maastricht Treaty envisages in its Article 108a that the Central Bank would be able to issue regulations , decisions , recommendations , and opinions ( though not directives ) .
on the other hand , the existing case law on delegation of powers suggests that it would not be possible to grant such a body power to issue [tying] community legislation of the types defined in the treaty , whereas the maastricht treaty envisages in its article 108a that the central bank would be able to issue regulations , decisions , recommendations , and opinions ( though not directives ) .

It would seem to be inappropriate for the criminal law to remove a whole category of persons from its protection on the basis of words spoken at a ceremony of marriage which have no binding force .
it would seem to be inappropriate for the criminal law to remove a whole category of persons from its protection on the basis of words spoken at a ceremony of marriage which have no [tying] force .

Make us more of a church family , Lord , binding us closer to you and to one another .
make us more of a church family , lord , [tying] us closer to you and to one another .

The Preservation Division advises on the formation of library preservation policy and strategy and provides services connected with the conservation of antiquarian volumes , manuscripts and maps , the binding of periodicals , protective boxes , microfilming , photography , exhibitions , etc .
the preservation division advises on the formation of library preservation policy and strategy and provides services connected with the conservation of antiquarian volumes , manuscripts and maps , the [tying] of periodicals , protective boxes , microfilming , photography , exhibitions , etc .

These include the Binding Preparation Unit , the Conservation Workshop , the Perspex Workshop , the Reprographic Unit , the Print Room , Photography and Sighthill Bindery .
these include the [tying] preparation unit , the conservation workshop , the perspex workshop , the reprographic unit , the print room , photography and sighthill bindery .

Sighthill Bindery deals with the Library 's journal and monograph binding requirements .
sighthill bindery deals with the library 's journal and monograph [tying] requirements .

In addition to binding journals and monographs , Sighthill bindery also deals with some manuscript items and maps .
in addition to [tying] journals and monographs , sighthill bindery also deals with some manuscript items and maps .

The binding agents which coat the 6m beads can be selected for specific chemicals or organisms .
the [tying] agents which coat the 6m beads can be selected for specific chemicals or organisms .

These assessments would be binding .
these assessments would be [tying] .

They also want financial aid and technology transfer to be included in binding agreements .
they also want financial aid and technology transfer to be included in [tying] agreements .

Although the poll was not binding , Viennese mayor Helmut Zilk declared that it would be upheld .
although the poll was not [tying] , viennese mayor helmut zilk declared that it would be upheld .

But the new measures are not legally binding .
but the new measures are not legally [tying] .

If a Court Scheme is agreed to by the target 's shareholders ( or a particular class of them ) by the requisite majority , and is approved by the court , then it will be binding on all shareholders ( or the particular class of them ) and the company .
if a court scheme is agreed to by the target 's shareholders ( or a particular class of them ) by the requisite majority , and is approved by the court , then it will be [tying] on all shareholders ( or the particular class of them ) and the company .

These are as follows : ( 1 ) Once a Court Scheme has been approved by the requisite majority of members and sanctioned by the court it is binding on all the members ( or the particular class of them ) and the company .
these are as follows : ( 1 ) once a court scheme has been approved by the requisite majority of members and sanctioned by the court it is [tying] on all the members ( or the particular class of them ) and the company .

( c ) the offeror receives a binding commitment from the merchant bank to pay cash to accepting shareholders who elect to receive it in return for the offeror procuring the allotment to the merchant bank ( or , as directed , sub-underwriters ) of the consideration shares ( by means of the nominations received from accepting shareholders ) .
( c ) the offeror receives a [tying] commitment from the merchant bank to pay cash to accepting shareholders who elect to receive it in return for the offeror procuring the allotment to the merchant bank ( or , as directed , sub-underwriters ) of the consideration shares ( by means of the nominations received from accepting shareholders ) .

( 3 ) The announcement must specify in what circumstances any irrevocable undertakings will cease to be binding ( eg on receipt of a higher offer ) .
( 3 ) the announcement must specify in what circumstances any irrevocable undertakings will cease to be [tying] ( eg on receipt of a higher offer ) .

17.2 No amendment or modification of this agreement shall be valid or binding on any party unless the same :
17.2 no amendment or modification of this agreement shall be valid or [tying] on any party unless the same :

The position with regard to side letters ( setting out supplemental agreements ) is that they may not be binding as they probably will not have been referred to in the principal agreement .
the position with regard to side letters ( setting out supplemental agreements ) is that they may not be [tying] as they probably will not have been referred to in the principal agreement .

The contract will therefore seek : 1 to define the client 's obligations and , so far as possible , to minimise them ; 2 to define the scope of the contract by defining which statements form part of it ; 3 to minimise the scope for variation of the contract duties , by defining the authority of the client 's representatives to make statements binding on it , or to vary the contract ; 4 to minimise the likelihood of the client being in breach of contract , by defining the client 's obligations in flexible terms : for instance , the quantity of goods to be delivered may be subject to tolerances ; or the contract may provide for the time for delivery to be extended in certain situations ; 5 to minimise the extent of the client 's liability for any breach it commits : for instance , by excluding liability for certain kinds of loss , or by placing a financial ceiling on liability ; 6 to define the obligations of the client 's trading partners ; 7 to define the consequences of non-performance by the client 's trading partners ; 8 to provide machinery to encourage prompt performance by the client 's trading partners : for instance , a seller may require interest on late payments , or offer discounts for early payment ; a buyer may contract for the right to withhold payment until satisfactory performance ; 9 to allow the client to use procedurally simple enforcement methods : for instance , terms of sale should be drafted so as to allow the seller to bring a liquidated claim for the price of the goods ; 10 to provide the client with security against non-performance by its trading partners : thus terms of sale are likely to seek to provide the seller with security against non-payment , for instance by means of a retention of title clause ; terms of purchase will seek to minimise the buyer 's exposure by allowing some or all of the price to be retained against satisfactory performance .
the contract will therefore seek : 1 to define the client 's obligations and , so far as possible , to minimise them ; 2 to define the scope of the contract by defining which statements form part of it ; 3 to minimise the scope for variation of the contract duties , by defining the authority of the client 's representatives to make statements [tying] on it , or to vary the contract ; 4 to minimise the likelihood of the client being in breach of contract , by defining the client 's obligations in flexible terms : for instance , the quantity of goods to be delivered may be subject to tolerances ; or the contract may provide for the time for delivery to be extended in certain situations ; 5 to minimise the extent of the client 's liability for any breach it commits : for instance , by excluding liability for certain kinds of loss , or by placing a financial ceiling on liability ; 6 to define the obligations of the client 's trading partners ; 7 to define the consequences of non-performance by the client 's trading partners ; 8 to provide machinery to encourage prompt performance by the client 's trading partners : for instance , a seller may require interest on late payments , or offer discounts for early payment ; a buyer may contract for the right to withhold payment until satisfactory performance ; 9 to allow the client to use procedurally simple enforcement methods : for instance , terms of sale should be drafted so as to allow the seller to bring a liquidated claim for the price of the goods ; 10 to provide the client with security against non-performance by its trading partners : thus terms of sale are likely to seek to provide the seller with security against non-payment , for instance by means of a retention of title clause ; terms of purchase will seek to minimise the buyer 's exposure by allowing some or all of the price to be retained against satisfactory performance .

It is important to bear in mind the fundamental rule of agency law , that the acts of an agent are only binding on the principal if the agent had actual or apparent authority to perform those acts .
it is important to bear in mind the fundamental rule of agency law , that the acts of an agent are only [tying] on the principal if the agent had actual or apparent authority to perform those acts .

No addition to or variation of these terms is binding on the Buyer unless agreed in writing signed on the Buyer 's behalf by its Purchasing Director .
no addition to or variation of these terms is [tying] on the buyer unless agreed in writing signed on the buyer 's behalf by its purchasing director .

It may be argued that a binding contract was made on the telephone ; if so , any subsequent attempt to introduce new terms into the agreement will be ineffective unless there is a binding variation of the contract , supported by consideration .
it may be argued that a [tying] contract was made on the telephone ; if so , any subsequent attempt to introduce new terms into the agreement will be ineffective unless there is a [tying] variation of the contract , supported by consideration .

From that moment , there is a binding exchange of contracts .
from that moment , there is a [tying] exchange of contracts .

In some of these cases the earlier decision would be a binding authority and it would have to be followed .
in some of these cases the earlier decision would be a [tying] authority and it would have to be followed .

In other cases in this category the earlier case , though not formally binding , was often followed in order to provide certainty and consistency in an area where commercial relations may depend on an accepted construction .
in other cases in this category the earlier case , though not formally [tying] , was often followed in order to provide certainty and consistency in an area where commercial relations may depend on an accepted construction .

The matter in question may be so complex and technical , the conflict so acute , and the customer 's understanding and experience so limited , that , however full any disclosure made to him , it is impossible to place him in a position where he has sufficient comprehension of the issues and consequences of consenting to enable him to give binding consent .
the matter in question may be so complex and technical , the conflict so acute , and the customer 's understanding and experience so limited , that , however full any disclosure made to him , it is impossible to place him in a position where he has sufficient comprehension of the issues and consequences of consenting to enable him to give [tying] consent .

Findings of fact should not be binding on the court at the final hearing and should not be regarded as prejudicial to any of the parties to the proceedings ( Guidance , vol 1 , para 3.37 ) .
findings of fact should not be [tying] on the court at the final hearing and should not be regarded as prejudicial to any of the parties to the proceedings ( guidance , vol 1 , para 3.37 ) .

It is binding without any need for agreement on the part of the parties affected .
it is [tying] without any need for agreement on the part of the parties affected .

New contractual rules , and any changes in those rules , should be communicated or published to the membership to ensure that they are binding .
new contractual rules , and any changes in those rules , should be communicated or published to the membership to ensure that they are [tying] .

Purely procedural rules may be binding by reference to the rules in force at the time when the procedure is applied .
purely procedural rules may be [tying] by reference to the rules in force at the time when the procedure is applied .

This may involve special categories of trader , such as the market maker , who is under an obligation ( by the exchange rules ) to quote a price in a given contract whenever asked ; the designated broker , who agrees to promote a particular contract without giving a binding commitment to deal ; and the `` local `` , who trades his personal account on the exchange floor .
this may involve special categories of trader , such as the market maker , who is under an obligation ( by the exchange rules ) to quote a price in a given contract whenever asked ; the designated broker , who agrees to promote a particular contract without giving a [tying] commitment to deal ; and the `` local `` , who trades his personal account on the exchange floor .

It is not binding on the courts , although it remains a treaty obligation for the Government to ensure that the law conforms with it .
it is not [tying] on the courts , although it remains a treaty obligation for the government to ensure that the law conforms with it .

Important changes in the doctrine of precedent were also made in midgame : judges were persuaded or persuaded themselves that they were not in fact bound by court decisions their predecessors had taken as binding .
important changes in the doctrine of precedent were also made in midgame : judges were persuaded or persuaded themselves that they were not in fact bound by court decisions their predecessors had taken as [tying] .

( b ) Contract Where the arrangement is agreed between the parties , the practitioner must consider whether or not it is desirable to have a binding contract .
( b ) contract where the arrangement is agreed between the parties , the practitioner must consider whether or not it is desirable to have a [tying] contract .

This should ensure an adherence to a timetable which otherwise might be lacking in the case of an agreement between the parties not supported by a binding contract .
this should ensure an adherence to a timetable which otherwise might be lacking in the case of an agreement between the parties not supported by a [tying] contract .

Shelley finished binding up an infected mosquito bite , and gave the name of an anti-histamine cream that the other patient could buy from Rosie 's shop .
shelley finished [tying] up an infected mosquito bite , and gave the name of an anti-histamine cream that the other patient could buy from rosie 's shop .

As the name suggests , these Guidelines are not intended to be binding or prescriptive , but rather to provide impartial guidance for the perplexed .
as the name suggests , these guidelines are not intended to be [tying] or prescriptive , but rather to provide impartial guidance for the perplexed .

In Protestant countries the morality of sexual restraint and fidelity was supposed to be binding on both sexes , but the very fact that it was felt to be so even by those who broke it , led them not so much into hypocrisy as into personal torment .
in protestant countries the morality of sexual restraint and fidelity was supposed to be [tying] on both sexes , but the very fact that it was felt to be so even by those who broke it , led them not so much into hypocrisy as into personal torment .

The question of constructive knowledge is dealt with in part by asking whether or not , in the circumstances of the particular case , the ticket was the sort of document on which one would reasonably expect to find legally binding terms and conditions , and in part by asking whether or not the party issuing the ticket made reasonable attempts to bring the existence of the conditions to the notice of the other party .
the question of constructive knowledge is dealt with in part by asking whether or not , in the circumstances of the particular case , the ticket was the sort of document on which one would reasonably expect to find legally [tying] terms and conditions , and in part by asking whether or not the party issuing the ticket made reasonable attempts to bring the existence of the conditions to the notice of the other party .

Clause 11 of Precedent 1 is a very short form of confidentiality clause , which is mutually binding , while cl 11.1 of Precedent 2 is inserted by the buyer only to bind the seller .
clause 11 of precedent 1 is a very short form of confidentiality clause , which is mutually [tying] , while cl 11.1 of precedent 2 is inserted by the buyer only to bind the seller .

Where forecasts are not legally binding on the buyer , another commonly used alternative is for the buyer to agree to compensate the seller ( up to some agreed limits ) for excess inventory of the products covered by the agreement which are still in the seller 's hands on termination of the agreement , but which he can not reasonably dispose of elsewhere .
where forecasts are not legally [tying] on the buyer , another commonly used alternative is for the buyer to agree to compensate the seller ( up to some agreed limits ) for excess inventory of the products covered by the agreement which are still in the seller 's hands on termination of the agreement , but which he can not reasonably dispose of elsewhere .

In such cases , the seller will provide that no order is to become binding unless he has specifically accepted it .
in such cases , the seller will provide that no order is to become [tying] unless he has specifically accepted it .

Another variation is to impose on the seller the obligation to accept all orders placed in accordance with the buyer 's forecast , even though that forecast is not binding on the buyer .
another variation is to impose on the seller the obligation to accept all orders placed in accordance with the buyer 's forecast , even though that forecast is not [tying] on the buyer .

1.2 Each order which is so accepted shall constitute an individual legally binding contract between the Seller and the Purchaser and such contract is hereafter referred to in these Conditions as an " Order " .
1.2 each order which is so accepted shall constitute an individual legally [tying] contract between the seller and the purchaser and such contract is hereafter referred to in these conditions as an " order " .

But no such agreement will be binding on third parties save to the extent that they have knowledge thereof .
but no such agreement will be [tying] on third parties save to the extent that they have knowledge thereof .

This is made clear by s8 of the Partnership Act as follows : If it has been agreed between the partners that any restriction shall be placed on the power of any one or more of them to bind the firm , no act done in contravention of the agreement is binding on the firm with respect to persons having notice of the agreement .
this is made clear by s8 of the partnership act as follows : if it has been agreed between the partners that any restriction shall be placed on the power of any one or more of them to bind the firm , no act done in contravention of the agreement is [tying] on the firm with respect to persons having notice of the agreement .

All acts done within the actual authority of a partner will be binding on the firm whether carried out in the usual course of business or otherwise .
all acts done within the actual authority of a partner will be [tying] on the firm whether carried out in the usual course of business or otherwise .

An act carried out by a partner in the usual course of the business of the firm will be binding on the firm notwithstanding that the partner concerned lacked the necessary authority unless the third party knew of the limitation to that partner 's authority or did not know or believe him to be a partner .
an act carried out by a partner in the usual course of the business of the firm will be [tying] on the firm notwithstanding that the partner concerned lacked the necessary authority unless the third party knew of the limitation to that partner 's authority or did not know or believe him to be a partner .

( c ) Liability of partners to third parties By s6 of the Partnership Act : An act or instrument relating to the business of the firm and done or executed in the firm-name , or in any other manner showing an intention to bind the firm , by any person thereto authorised , whether a partner or not , is binding on the firm and all the partners .
( c ) liability of partners to third parties by s6 of the partnership act : an act or instrument relating to the business of the firm and done or executed in the firm-name , or in any other manner showing an intention to bind the firm , by any person thereto authorised , whether a partner or not , is [tying] on the firm and all the partners .

Matters which are not thought fit for inclusion in the agreement itself ( perhaps to cover some short term matter affecting one partner alone ) can sometimes be accommodated by a side letter , though it must be signed by all partners to be binding on the firm .
matters which are not thought fit for inclusion in the agreement itself ( perhaps to cover some short term matter affecting one partner alone ) can sometimes be accommodated by a side letter , though it must be signed by all partners to be [tying] on the firm .

Automatic accruer is perhaps more commonly used by professional partnerships ( and has the practical advantage of not being dependent upon compliance with a prescribed timetable ) but there is considerable uncertainty as to whether such an arrangement should be regarded as a binding contract for the sale and purchase of the partnership share so as to take its value outside the scope of business property relief for the purposes of Inheritance Tax ( see Chapter 10 ) .
automatic accruer is perhaps more commonly used by professional partnerships ( and has the practical advantage of not being dependent upon compliance with a prescribed timetable ) but there is considerable uncertainty as to whether such an arrangement should be regarded as a [tying] contract for the sale and purchase of the partnership share so as to take its value outside the scope of business property relief for the purposes of inheritance tax ( see chapter 10 ) .

Where the departure follows upon some dispute , on the other hand , there will be a natural inclination to enforce the restrictions in full , but it should be remembered that they will only be binding upon the outgoing partner himself , not on third parties .
where the departure follows upon some dispute , on the other hand , there will be a natural inclination to enforce the restrictions in full , but it should be remembered that they will only be [tying] upon the outgoing partner himself , not on third parties .

First , there is no system at all for publishing information about individual determinations , or about the subject generally : and secondly , the parties themselves often agree to keep details of their cases confidential , and that agreement is a binding contractual obligation .
first , there is no system at all for publishing information about individual determinations , or about the subject generally : and secondly , the parties themselves often agree to keep details of their cases confidential , and that agreement is a [tying] contractual obligation .

This book concentrates on expert determination where the expert is appointed by the parties to a contract to make a decision which is final and binding on them .
this book concentrates on expert determination where the expert is appointed by the parties to a contract to make a decision which is final and [tying] on them .

The contracts typically say that the decision of the expert is to be final and binding , and that is what the courts say it has to be , in the absence of fraud , partiality or mistake .
the contracts typically say that the decision of the expert is to be final and [tying] , and that is what the courts say it has to be , in the absence of fraud , partiality or mistake .

Under the relevant agreements , the directors usually make the adjustment , and if there is any doubt or dispute arising in respect of the adjustment the matter is referred to the auditors to certify an adjustment which is fair and reasonable in their view , to be binding on all concerned .
under the relevant agreements , the directors usually make the adjustment , and if there is any doubt or dispute arising in respect of the adjustment the matter is referred to the auditors to certify an adjustment which is fair and reasonable in their view , to be [tying] on all concerned .

Some contracts refer technical disputes to an expert whose decision is final and binding .
some contracts refer technical disputes to an expert whose decision is final and [tying] .

The contract did not say that the architect was acting as an expert , nor that his decision would be final and binding .
the contract did not say that the architect was acting as an expert , nor that his decision would be final and [tying] .

the issue to be determined ( 8.4 ) ( 1.1 ) ; the expert 's qualifications ( 8.5 ) ( 1.1 ) ; that he is to act as an expert and not as an arbitrator ( 8.6 ) ( 1.3 ) ; how the expert is to be appointed ( 8.7 ) ( 1.1 ) ; that the decision will be final and binding ( 8.8 ) ( 1.3 ) ; the due date for payment of the amount determined ( 8.9 ) ( 1.3 ) ; that the expert has the power to award interest ( 8.10 ) ( 1.3 ) ; provision for interest to run for late payment of the amount determined ( 8.11 ) ( 1.4 ) ( sometimes found elsewhere in the agreement ) ; and how the expert is to be paid ( 8.12 ) ( 1.3 ) .
the issue to be determined ( 8.4 ) ( 1.1 ) ; the expert 's qualifications ( 8.5 ) ( 1.1 ) ; that he is to act as an expert and not as an arbitrator ( 8.6 ) ( 1.3 ) ; how the expert is to be appointed ( 8.7 ) ( 1.1 ) ; that the decision will be final and [tying] ( 8.8 ) ( 1.3 ) ; the due date for payment of the amount determined ( 8.9 ) ( 1.3 ) ; that the expert has the power to award interest ( 8.10 ) ( 1.3 ) ; provision for interest to run for late payment of the amount determined ( 8.11 ) ( 1.4 ) ( sometimes found elsewhere in the agreement ) ; and how the expert is to be paid ( 8.12 ) ( 1.3 ) .

8.8 That the decision will be final and binding
8.8 that the decision will be final and [tying]

8.8.1 Is there any difference between " final " and " binding " ?
8.8.1 is there any difference between " final " and " [tying] " ?

Expert clauses very commonly provide that the decision will be final and binding , and it is clearly in the parties ' interests that it should be so .
expert clauses very commonly provide that the decision will be final and [tying] , and it is clearly in the parties ' interests that it should be so .

Is there any difference between `` final `` and `` binding `` ? ``
is there any difference between `` final `` and `` [tying] `` ? ``

Final `` means that the decision is not subject to review , and `` binding `` means that the parties are obliged to comply with the decision .
final `` means that the decision is not subject to review , and `` [tying] `` means that the parties are obliged to comply with the decision .

Therefore `` final and binding `` is not tautologous , and the wise draftsman will put both words into the clause to preclude arguments later .
therefore `` final and [tying] `` is not tautologous , and the wise draftsman will put both words into the clause to preclude arguments later .

It is likely that the court would imply a term that an expert 's decision is both final and/or binding ( see 8.17.5 ) , but the party seeking to establish that might face the cost and uncertainty of litigation .
it is likely that the court would imply a term that an expert 's decision is both final and/or [tying] ( see 8.17.5 ) , but the party seeking to establish that might face the cost and uncertainty of litigation .

In some construction contracts the decision of the engineer or adjudicator may be that of an expert but still be reviewable by arbitration and therefore not final , although it will be binding until it is reviewed by arbitration : see 6.8.4 .
in some construction contracts the decision of the engineer or adjudicator may be that of an expert but still be reviewable by arbitration and therefore not final , although it will be [tying] until it is reviewed by arbitration : see 6.8.4 .

Implied terms underpin the law of challenge to experts ' decisions , because some basic terms are not spelled out : namely , that the parties would not accept a final decision intended to have binding effect when that decision was vitiated by dishonesty , partiality or mistake .
implied terms underpin the law of challenge to experts ' decisions , because some basic terms are not spelled out : namely , that the parties would not accept a final decision intended to have [tying] effect when that decision was vitiated by dishonesty , partiality or mistake .

Mistake does appear occasionally in expert clauses as a circumstance in which the expert 's decision would not be binding , but it is doubtful whether express words to that effect alter the principle implied by the court : see 13.11 .
mistake does appear occasionally in expert clauses as a circumstance in which the expert 's decision would not be [tying] , but it is doubtful whether express words to that effect alter the principle implied by the court : see 13.11 .

Draftsmen found an answer by providing that , if either party neglected to appoint a valuer , the valuation provided by the other party 's valuer would be binding .
draftsmen found an answer by providing that , if either party neglected to appoint a valuer , the valuation provided by the other party 's valuer would be [tying] .

If the person or institution is not willing , the clause may be ineffective , because the contract will not be binding on that person or institution and the court will not make the appointment : see 10.3.1 .
if the person or institution is not willing , the clause may be ineffective , because the contract will not be [tying] on that person or institution and the court will not make the appointment : see 10.3.1 .

… whether a valuation … is binding … must depend on the terms of the contract ( including any implied terms ) , on the nature of any circumstances relied on to vitiate the valuation , and the nature of the proceedings on which the issue arises .
… whether a valuation … is [tying] … must depend on the terms of the contract ( including any implied terms ) , on the nature of any circumstances relied on to vitiate the valuation , and the nature of the proceedings on which the issue arises .

If the valuation has not been made in accordance with the express terms of the contract then it is clearly not binding .
if the valuation has not been made in accordance with the express terms of the contract then it is clearly not [tying] .

13.5.6 Expert 's decision binding on matters of opinion
13.5.6 expert 's decision [tying] on matters of opinion

All the accountants in the case were said to be acting as experts and not as arbitrators , and the determination was to be final and binding for all purposes .
all the accountants in the case were said to be acting as experts and not as arbitrators , and the determination was to be final and [tying] for all purposes .

In these cases either party would be able to say that the certificate was not binding because the expert had not done what he was appointed to do .
in these cases either party would be able to say that the certificate was not [tying] because the expert had not done what he was appointed to do .

The Court of Appeal said that the plaintiffs would have had the right to review Coopers ' decision only if there could be implied into the original agreement words describing this kind of challenge which qualified the `` final and binding `` description of the decision in the appropriate manner .
the court of appeal said that the plaintiffs would have had the right to review coopers ' decision only if there could be implied into the original agreement words describing this kind of challenge which qualified the `` final and [tying] `` description of the decision in the appropriate manner .

Expert clauses often provide that the decision is to be final and binding in the absence of manifest error .
expert clauses often provide that the decision is to be final and [tying] in the absence of manifest error .

15.8.1 An expert 's decision is usually final and binding
15.8.1 an expert 's decision is usually final and [tying]

This is often found in expert clauses ( see 8.8 ) , which state that the decision of the expert will be final and binding : see 6.8 for the important exceptions to that principle .
this is often found in expert clauses ( see 8.8 ) , which state that the decision of the expert will be final and [tying] : see 6.8 for the important exceptions to that principle .

Why do the parties provide that the auditors " shall be considered to be acting as experts and not as arbitrators " ? For the simple reason that , if they were to be considered as arbitrators , there would be at least a danger that one party or the other might be able to require a case to be stated before a court of law , by which means it could be suggested that the award was not binding because of some error in it .
why do the parties provide that the auditors " shall be considered to be acting as experts and not as arbitrators " ? for the simple reason that , if they were to be considered as arbitrators , there would be at least a danger that one party or the other might be able to require a case to be stated before a court of law , by which means it could be suggested that the award was not [tying] because of some error in it .

Occasionally it is even proposed that these be made legally binding .
occasionally it is even proposed that these be made legally [tying] .

However , an agreement can be void for uncertainty if major terms are not agreed , and so unless the offer letter contains sufficient detail of all the terms , including the wording of warranties , indemnities and disclosures , the offer letter will not be binding .
however , an agreement can be void for uncertainty if major terms are not agreed , and so unless the offer letter contains sufficient detail of all the terms , including the wording of warranties , indemnities and disclosures , the offer letter will not be [tying] .

Heads of agreement which are not legally binding can be as detailed or as brief as the parties wish .
heads of agreement which are not legally [tying] can be as detailed or as brief as the parties wish .

In general , although offer letters are not legally binding , the buyer 's solicitors will insist that at least those clauses discussed below are not subject to contract , but are legally binding obligations on the parties .
in general , although offer letters are not legally [tying] , the buyer 's solicitors will insist that at least those clauses discussed below are not subject to contract , but are legally [tying] obligations on the parties .

Such acceptance will be subject to contract save in respect of the provisions of paragraphs … , … and … in respect of which there shall be a legally binding obligation between the Managers [ on behalf of themselves and [ name of company incorporated to effect acquisition ] ] and yourselves .
such acceptance will be subject to contract save in respect of the provisions of paragraphs … , … and … in respect of which there shall be a legally [tying] obligation between the managers [ on behalf of themselves and [ name of company incorporated to effect acquisition ] ] and yourselves .

( 1 ) Before any third party is registered as the transferee of shares he will be asked to execute a deed of adherence binding him to the terms of the subscription and shareholders ' agreement .
( 1 ) before any third party is registered as the transferee of shares he will be asked to execute a deed of adherence [tying] him to the terms of the subscription and shareholders ' agreement .

This is a hallowed statement signifying that the terms set out are nothing more than an intention and will not become binding on any party until a formal contract has been negotiated , executed and exchanged .
this is a hallowed statement signifying that the terms set out are nothing more than an intention and will not become [tying] on any party until a formal contract has been negotiated , executed and exchanged .

Most importantly the heads can contain terms that are binding on the vendor and purchaser .
most importantly the heads can contain terms that are [tying] on the vendor and purchaser .

The main areas that the parties will wish to be binding are : ( a ) confidentiality ; ( b ) costs ; ( c ) exclusivity period .
the main areas that the parties will wish to be [tying] are : ( a ) confidentiality ; ( b ) costs ; ( c ) exclusivity period .

However , if one party is to bear the costs of the other it is important to specify this in the heads and ensure it is binding on all parties .
however , if one party is to bear the costs of the other it is important to specify this in the heads and ensure it is [tying] on all parties .

In Walford v Miles the House of Lords maintained the long established principle that a mere agreement to negotiate is unenforceable because it lacks the certainty necessary for a binding contract and held that any concept of a duty to carry on negotiations in good faith is inherently repugnant to the adversarial position of the parties when involved in negotiations .
in walford v miles the house of lords maintained the long established principle that a mere agreement to negotiate is unenforceable because it lacks the certainty necessary for a [tying] contract and held that any concept of a duty to carry on negotiations in good faith is inherently repugnant to the adversarial position of the parties when involved in negotiations .

The House of Lords believed that a period of exclusivity would be valid and binding on the vendor provided that consideration passed between the parties , that the terms of the period were certain and the parties intended to be bound .
the house of lords believed that a period of exclusivity would be valid and [tying] on the vendor provided that consideration passed between the parties , that the terms of the period were certain and the parties intended to be bound .

The introduction to the heads will specify that the clause is binding on both parties and is not subject to contract .
the introduction to the heads will specify that the clause is [tying] on both parties and is not subject to contract .

In consideration of the purchaser incurring the costs of its professional advisers in commencing due diligence and negotiating the binding agreement the vendor hereby undertakes to the purchaser that during the period from today until midnight on [ ] 19 [ ] it shall not negotiate the sale of the business with any person ( either directly or indirectly ) other than the purchaser The only essential content of the heads of terms is to specify that they are subject to contract except for one or two specific clauses .
in consideration of the purchaser incurring the costs of its professional advisers in commencing due diligence and negotiating the [tying] agreement the vendor hereby undertakes to the purchaser that during the period from today until midnight on [ ] 19 [ ] it shall not negotiate the sale of the business with any person ( either directly or indirectly ) other than the purchaser the only essential content of the heads of terms is to specify that they are subject to contract except for one or two specific clauses .

The Chinese government has refused to agree to binding targets for cuts in carbon emissions , but is prepared to co-operate `` in principle `` with international efforts to combat the greenhouse effect .
the chinese government has refused to agree to [tying] targets for cuts in carbon emissions , but is prepared to co-operate `` in principle `` with international efforts to combat the greenhouse effect .

This calls for the adoption of much stricter and legally binding standards .
this calls for the adoption of much stricter and legally [tying] standards .

The programme is not binding on any of the signatories but is likely to influence the lending and spending of Western donors .
the programme is not [tying] on any of the signatories but is likely to influence the lending and spending of western donors .

Conventions of the Constitution are most aptly described as rules that are considered binding by and upon those who are responsible for making the Constitution work , but rules that are not enforced by the courts or by the presiding officers in either house of Parliament .
conventions of the constitution are most aptly described as rules that are considered [tying] by and upon those who are responsible for making the constitution work , but rules that are not enforced by the courts or by the presiding officers in either house of parliament .

Given the disparate sources of the Constitution and the fact that important relationships within and between organs of the state are not laid down in any one formal or binding document , it is not surprising that one must have recourse to books by constitutional scholars to discover the extent and nature of those relationships .
given the disparate sources of the constitution and the fact that important relationships within and between organs of the state are not laid down in any one formal or [tying] document , it is not surprising that one must have recourse to books by constitutional scholars to discover the extent and nature of those relationships .

It is binding and , by virtue of the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty , can not be challenged by the courts , nor can it be overridden by any other authority .
it is [tying] and , by virtue of the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty , can not be challenged by the courts , nor can it be overridden by any other authority .

Malcolm was followed by his red-haired brother William ‘ the Lion ’ ( from the beast on his standard as much as from his personal courage ) , instigator of the first of so many attempts over the centuries to form a binding union with France against the English .
malcolm was followed by his red-haired brother william ‘ the lion ’ ( from the beast on his standard as much as from his personal courage ) , instigator of the first of so many attempts over the centuries to form a [tying] union with france against the english .

His standards are binding on all men .
his standards are [tying] on all men .

Verses 3–15 : the terms under which vows made by women are binding .
verses 3–15 : the terms under which vows made by women are [tying] .

There was the binding of wounds and examining of bruises to be considered , and the saying of prayers and sewing-up in bedding of those whose lives had been forfeit and above all there was a great deal of talking to be one , for , as the Magistrate scientifically observed , nothing unusual can happen among human beings without generating an immense , compensating volume of chatter .
there was the [tying] of wounds and examining of bruises to be considered , and the saying of prayers and sewing-up in bedding of those whose lives had been forfeit and above all there was a great deal of talking to be one , for , as the magistrate scientifically observed , nothing unusual can happen among human beings without generating an immense , compensating volume of chatter .

They were to owe their appointment to the trade union 's and the owner 's representatives on the board ; and , if they could not agree , to the binding decision of an independent commission .
they were to owe their appointment to the trade union 's and the owner 's representatives on the board ; and , if they could not agree , to the [tying] decision of an independent commission .

When such ‘ dispositive ’ or ‘ objective ’ regimes were accepted as being in the general public interest they were said to be binding erga omnes .
when such ‘ dispositive ’ or ‘ objective ’ regimes were accepted as being in the general public interest they were said to be [tying] erga omnes .

Fitzmaurice had argued for the binding effect of objective regimes on two principles : implied consent and the erga omnes status of the regime .
fitzmaurice had argued for the [tying] effect of objective regimes on two principles : implied consent and the erga omnes status of the regime .

It has been suggested that there are three theoretical approaches to regimes binding erga omnes : they can be regarded as a special concept within the law of treaties constituting an exception to the res inter alios principle ; they can be justified on a public law basis whereby a group of States assume quasi-legislative competence to create a regulatory regime for a defined territory in the overall community interest ; or other processes such as recognition , acquiescence , estoppel , historic title , or the formation of customary international law can produce an erga omnes effect on treaties intended to have that effect .
it has been suggested that there are three theoretical approaches to regimes [tying] erga omnes : they can be regarded as a special concept within the law of treaties constituting an exception to the res inter alios principle ; they can be justified on a public law basis whereby a group of states assume quasi-legislative competence to create a regulatory regime for a defined territory in the overall community interest ; or other processes such as recognition , acquiescence , estoppel , historic title , or the formation of customary international law can produce an erga omnes effect on treaties intended to have that effect .

It is excessively formalistic to demand this acceptance in writing , for States make binding commitments through other modalities , such as unilateral declarations .
it is excessively formalistic to demand this acceptance in writing , for states make [tying] commitments through other modalities , such as unilateral declarations .

Under certain circumstances an oral commitment can be binding upon a State , but how would this affect the States parties to the treaty who are also parties to the Vienna Convention ?
under certain circumstances an oral commitment can be [tying] upon a state , but how would this affect the states parties to the treaty who are also parties to the vienna convention ?

This Memorandum was a formal , public document , evidently intended by the parties to be binding upon them .
this memorandum was a formal , public document , evidently intended by the parties to be [tying] upon them .

Any steps with respect to the performance of the Peace Treaty taken by the United States under its letter to Egypt and Israel would be binding upon them both , while any action that fell only within the terms of the Memorandum could be objected to by Egypt as a third party .
any steps with respect to the performance of the peace treaty taken by the united states under its letter to egypt and israel would be [tying] upon them both , while any action that fell only within the terms of the memorandum could be objected to by egypt as a third party .

Alternatively , the Treaty of Versailles , as a major peace settlement concluded in the public interest for the stability of Europe and conferring authority upon the League , could be seen as a dispositive treaty binding erga omnes .
alternatively , the treaty of versailles , as a major peace settlement concluded in the public interest for the stability of europe and conferring authority upon the league , could be seen as a dispositive treaty [tying] erga omnes .

It found it ‘ indisputable that under Article 103 of the Charter the Member State called upon to apply the sanctions could not claim to be debarred from doing so by a treaty binding it to the non-Member State which was the subject of the sanctions .
it found it ‘ indisputable that under article 103 of the charter the member state called upon to apply the sanctions could not claim to be debarred from doing so by a treaty [tying] it to the non-member state which was the subject of the sanctions .

The Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty states that in the event of any conflict ‘ the obligations under this treaty will be binding and implemented ’ .
the egypt-israel peace treaty states that in the event of any conflict ‘ the obligations under this treaty will be [tying] and implemented ’ .

These clauses may be construed as ‘ no amendment or termination ’ clauses , for otherwise they have little substance ; all treaty provisions are binding unless terminated .
these clauses may be construed as ‘ no amendment or termination ’ clauses , for otherwise they have little substance ; all treaty provisions are [tying] unless terminated .

One argument was that agreements entered into by an organisation would be of little practical effect unless they were simultaneously binding upon the individual member States .
one argument was that agreements entered into by an organisation would be of little practical effect unless they were simultaneously [tying] upon the individual member states .

Furthermore , this Convention also requires that acceptance of the right or obligation by the third party organisation be in accordance with its constitutive rules , which again assumes that they are binding on the organisation , although contained in a treaty to which it is not a party .
furthermore , this convention also requires that acceptance of the right or obligation by the third party organisation be in accordance with its constitutive rules , which again assumes that they are [tying] on the organisation , although contained in a treaty to which it is not a party .

The Court acknowledged that the Registry could not make a decision binding upon it in its judicial capacity .
the court acknowledged that the registry could not make a decision [tying] upon it in its judicial capacity .

His colleague walked behind Jenkins and tugged at the rope binding his wrists .
his colleague walked behind jenkins and tugged at the rope [tying] his wrists .

It was now of the utmost importance for the Unionists to clarify their own position ; Balfour 's pledge had been a conditional one and was not in any case binding on his successor , but the unpopularity of food taxes remained .
it was now of the utmost importance for the unionists to clarify their own position ; balfour 's pledge had been a conditional one and was not in any case [tying] on his successor , but the unpopularity of food taxes remained .

Man evolved from the higher apes and , while in this animal state , acted by group instinct binding a kin group together ; so , like a flock of birds , all members were in perfect concert .
man evolved from the higher apes and , while in this animal state , acted by group instinct [tying] a kin group together ; so , like a flock of birds , all members were in perfect concert .

The central case of the judicial function is the final and binding resolution of bipartite ( i.e .
the central case of the judicial function is the final and [tying] resolution of bipartite ( i.e .

As soon as a contract becomes legally binding , performance ceases to be optional , thereby curtailing individual autonomy .
as soon as a contract becomes legally [tying] , performance ceases to be optional , thereby curtailing individual autonomy .

But the exercise of choice must be a special one , for it must alert the parties to the fact that they are about to enter a binding commitment from which they can not simply opt out .
but the exercise of choice must be a special one , for it must alert the parties to the fact that they are about to enter a [tying] commitment from which they can not simply opt out .

Although these differences of terminology amount to more than semantic predilections , for they support — perhaps even generate — rival conceptions of the limits of contractual obligations , the generic idea remains a special exercise of choice by an individual , through which he deliberately incurs a binding legal responsibility .
although these differences of terminology amount to more than semantic predilections , for they support — perhaps even generate — rival conceptions of the limits of contractual obligations , the generic idea remains a special exercise of choice by an individual , through which he deliberately incurs a [tying] legal responsibility .

In answer to that question , choice theories find it hard to resist the temptation to jump to the conclusion that all voluntary undertakings should be binding .
in answer to that question , choice theories find it hard to resist the temptation to jump to the conclusion that all voluntary undertakings should be [tying] .

In the first place , as we noted earlier , in order to justify binding legal obligations , choice theories must isolate those cases of a special exercise of choice where a binding legal commitment is consistent with respect for private autonomy .
in the first place , as we noted earlier , in order to justify [tying] legal obligations , choice theories must isolate those cases of a special exercise of choice where a [tying] legal commitment is consistent with respect for private autonomy .

There has been a strong movement in favour of delegalization and privatization of family and personal matters ; but when moral panic breaks out law continues to be invoked as ‘ binding on everyone in society , whatever their beliefs … the embodiment of a common moral position ’ , despite the recognition that ‘ in our pluralistic society it is not to be expected that any one set of principles can be enunciated to be completely accepted by everyone .
there has been a strong movement in favour of delegalization and privatization of family and personal matters ; but when moral panic breaks out law continues to be invoked as ‘ [tying] on everyone in society , whatever their beliefs … the embodiment of a common moral position ’ , despite the recognition that ‘ in our pluralistic society it is not to be expected that any one set of principles can be enunciated to be completely accepted by everyone .

There are three legislative instruments with binding force .
there are three legislative instruments with [tying] force .

The hydroxides and soaps of other metals , such as iron , manganese , and aluminium , give stains caused either by their colour or by binding coloured solids .
the hydroxides and soaps of other metals , such as iron , manganese , and aluminium , give stains caused either by their colour or by [tying] coloured solids .

Assuming binding constraints , and taking the case where there is only one product y with price p ( or independent demands ) , means we may write the Lagrangean function from ( 4.2 ) with multipliers μ and λ as : Then , the first order conditions give ; being , being , and .
assuming [tying] constraints , and taking the case where there is only one product y with price p ( or independent demands ) , means we may write the lagrangean function from ( 4.2 ) with multipliers μ and λ as : then , the first order conditions give ; being , being , and .

Within marriage sex was a positive , even a spiritual binding force .
within marriage sex was a positive , even a spiritual [tying] force .

Not until after 1753 with Lord Hardwick 's Marriage Act did the church wedding as opposed to verbal spousehoods become the single legally binding form , with compulsory registration in the parish register , parental consent enshrined up to the age of 21 and enforcement transferred to the secular authorities .
not until after 1753 with lord hardwick 's marriage act did the church wedding as opposed to verbal spousehoods become the single legally [tying] form , with compulsory registration in the parish register , parental consent enshrined up to the age of 21 and enforcement transferred to the secular authorities .

The new marriage laws ( especially those after 1836 , which granted the right to marry to nonconformist chapels as well as civil registrars ) had the effect of making the betrothal less binding and of sharply differentiating the married from the unmarried , hence making the difference between licit and illicit sex more important .
the new marriage laws ( especially those after 1836 , which granted the right to marry to nonconformist chapels as well as civil registrars ) had the effect of making the betrothal less [tying] and of sharply differentiating the married from the unmarried , hence making the difference between licit and illicit sex more important .

The arbitrator 's decision will be given to everyone involved , and will be binding in law .
the arbitrator 's decision will be given to everyone involved , and will be [tying] in law .

The arbitrator 's decision will be given to everyone involved and will be binding in law .
the arbitrator 's decision will be given to everyone involved and will be [tying] in law .

But the Post Office is not legally liable for compensation in the overseas post and the recommendation by the adjudicator will not be legally binding .
but the post office is not legally liable for compensation in the overseas post and the recommendation by the adjudicator will not be legally [tying] .

If an application is declared admissible , and a friendly settlement can not be achieved , the subsequent decisions of the Court are binding on the United Kingdom .
if an application is declared admissible , and a friendly settlement can not be achieved , the subsequent decisions of the court are [tying] on the united kingdom .

In contemporary England written language takes precedence , for instance , in a legal context — a written contract being more binding than a spoken agreement — while in Scotland verbal contracts are binding in some cases .
in contemporary england written language takes precedence , for instance , in a legal context — a written contract being more [tying] than a spoken agreement — while in scotland verbal contracts are [tying] in some cases .

In a letter to Suger , Robert of Montfalcon declared that a case over whether or not a certain man was his serf should be tried either in the royal court or before the archbishop of Bourges , provided that the proceedings were in accordance with the customs of Bourges ; for him , the consuetudines of his native town had assumed the status of a law binding on outside authorities .
in a letter to suger , robert of montfalcon declared that a case over whether or not a certain man was his serf should be tried either in the royal court or before the archbishop of bourges , provided that the proceedings were in accordance with the customs of bourges ; for him , the consuetudines of his native town had assumed the status of a law [tying] on outside authorities .

( a ) Conventions are non-legal rules of constitutional behaviour which are considered to be binding upon those who operate the constitution but which are not enforced by the courts or by the presiding officers in Parliament .
( a ) conventions are non-legal rules of constitutional behaviour which are considered to be [tying] upon those who operate the constitution but which are not enforced by the courts or by the presiding officers in parliament .

Directives are binding instructions to member countries .
directives are [tying] instructions to member countries .

He explained how to clip the boots — like trainers with three holes under the rubber toe — onto three prongs on the narrow ski binding .
he explained how to clip the boots — like trainers with three holes under the rubber toe — onto three prongs on the narrow ski [tying] .

In the past some local authorities used this opportunity to impose conditions binding contractors to council policies .
in the past some local authorities used this opportunity to impose conditions [tying] contractors to council policies .

They were forbidden to enter into contracts , and consequently the marriage of two slaves was not considered legally binding ; the slave owner could , if he wished , separate husbands from wives , and parents from children .
they were forbidden to enter into contracts , and consequently the marriage of two slaves was not considered legally [tying] ; the slave owner could , if he wished , separate husbands from wives , and parents from children .

Chanel 's royal blue silk quilted Husky with grosgrain binding and gilt buttons .
chanel 's royal blue silk quilted husky with grosgrain [tying] and gilt buttons .

The understanding of the United States in drafting the Protocol was that while the United States would ratify the Convention as well as the Protocol , ratification of the latter alone not being permitted , this would create treaty obligations binding upon the United States only with other states which had ratified the Protocol and in accordance with its terms .
the understanding of the united states in drafting the protocol was that while the united states would ratify the convention as well as the protocol , ratification of the latter alone not being permitted , this would create treaty obligations [tying] upon the united states only with other states which had ratified the protocol and in accordance with its terms .

It is submitted that this leaves in place the binding character of Article 13 of the original Convention as to service of documents by accredited consular or diplomatic agents .
it is submitted that this leaves in place the [tying] character of article 13 of the original convention as to service of documents by accredited consular or diplomatic agents .

Here , if anywhere , lies true sociality , and the place of apprenticeship , for here oaths are really binding and rules need no sanction for their consent .
here , if anywhere , lies true sociality , and the place of apprenticeship , for here oaths are really [tying] and rules need no sanction for their consent .

Most individual actors do not rely upon their own judgment of whether they are doing well in the action , but refer to certain members whose real or even fancied reactions are taken as the expression of binding judgments of propriety .
most individual actors do not rely upon their own judgment of whether they are doing well in the action , but refer to certain members whose real or even fancied reactions are taken as the expression of [tying] judgments of propriety .

The main implication of this latter assertion is that energy from sexuality has to be used for ‘ binding together ’ people in social groups of all kinds — families , friends , work-teams , towns , nations and international organizations .
the main implication of this latter assertion is that energy from sexuality has to be used for ‘ [tying] together ’ people in social groups of all kinds — families , friends , work-teams , towns , nations and international organizations .

It aims at binding the members of the community together in a libidinal way as well and employs every means to that end .
it aims at [tying] the members of the community together in a libidinal way as well and employs every means to that end .

Referring to the concessions the Danes negotiated in Edinburgh under Britain 's presidency of the European Community , he said : ‘ The Edinburgh concessions were binding in international law , but have no value in Community law , and Community law overrides international law .
referring to the concessions the danes negotiated in edinburgh under britain 's presidency of the european community , he said : ‘ the edinburgh concessions were [tying] in international law , but have no value in community law , and community law overrides international law .

Mr Norman Huntingford kindly presented his competition binding to the Library , and the Library also purchased bindings by Mrs Maureen Duke and Mr Mike Duckworth .
mr norman huntingford kindly presented his competition [tying] to the library , and the library also purchased bindings by mrs maureen duke and mr mike duckworth .

During this exercise the condition of the paper and binding of each volume was recorded , and the information gathered will be of value for planning future conservation work .
during this exercise the condition of the paper and [tying] of each volume was recorded , and the information gathered will be of value for planning future conservation work .

The results indicated that , of the sample , some 17,000 volumes ( approximately 1 % ) were in need of remedial treatment to the binding , and on this basis it is reasonable to assume that about 50,000 volumes in the entire collection require such treatment .
the results indicated that , of the sample , some 17,000 volumes ( approximately 1 % ) were in need of remedial treatment to the [tying] , and on this basis it is reasonable to assume that about 50,000 volumes in the entire collection require such treatment .

Apilco is said to be safe for use in the oven , microwave ( those without metallic binding ) , freezer and dishwasher .
apilco is said to be safe for use in the oven , microwave ( those without metallic [tying] ) , freezer and dishwasher .

Among the major research interests represented within the department are generative syntax and formal semantics ( in particular developments stemming from Government and Binding theory and Montague Grammar ) ; experimental phonetics and phonology ( with special emphasis on prosody and the phonology/phonetics interface ) ; psycholinguistics and natural language processing ( in particular problems of word recognition and the structure of dialogues ) ; evolutionary origins of language ; the relation between spoken and written language ; and speech technology ( especially linguistic aspects of text-to-speech conversion and automatic speech recognition for specialised applications ) .
among the major research interests represented within the department are generative syntax and formal semantics ( in particular developments stemming from government and [tying] theory and montague grammar ) ; experimental phonetics and phonology ( with special emphasis on prosody and the phonology/phonetics interface ) ; psycholinguistics and natural language processing ( in particular problems of word recognition and the structure of dialogues ) ; evolutionary origins of language ; the relation between spoken and written language ; and speech technology ( especially linguistic aspects of text-to-speech conversion and automatic speech recognition for specialised applications ) .

7 The Judges decision in all matters is final and binding .
7 the judges decision in all matters is final and [tying] .

The adhesion molecules and receptors that mediate cell-matrix binding can be divided into two groups , the integrin and the non-integrin matrix receptors .
the adhesion molecules and receptors that mediate cell-matrix [tying] can be divided into two groups , the integrin and the non-integrin matrix receptors .

Integrins binding to fibronectin , collagens , and laminin have been described in hepatocytes .
integrins [tying] to fibronectin , collagens , and laminin have been described in hepatocytes .

Hepatocytes also express non-integrin , matrix binding proteins .
hepatocytes also express non-integrin , matrix [tying] proteins .

Inhibition of binding of interferon-γ to its receptor by salicylates used in inflammatory bowel disease
inhibition of [tying] of interferon-γ to its receptor by salicylates used in inflammatory bowel disease

Maximal binding was attained by 120 minutes ( Fig 2 ) .
maximal [tying] was attained by 120 minutes ( fig 2 ) .

Binding isotherm
[tying] isotherm

Lactoferrin is an iron binding protein that occurs abundantly not only in the specific granules of granulocytes , but also in tears , milk , and secretions at mucosal surfaces .
lactoferrin is an iron [tying] protein that occurs abundantly not only in the specific granules of granulocytes , but also in tears , milk , and secretions at mucosal surfaces .

cAMP functions as a second messenger after binding of histamine to the histamine 2 receptor .
camp functions as a second messenger after [tying] of histamine to the histamine 2 receptor .

Insulin like growth factor-I , insulin like growth factor binding protein-1 , and insulin in childhood Crohn 's disease
insulin like growth factor-i , insulin like growth factor [tying] protein-1 , and insulin in childhood crohn 's disease

Sunk costs can be easily identified in that they will have been paid or are subject to legally binding contracts and the firm is committed to paying for these contracts in the future .
sunk costs can be easily identified in that they will have been paid or are subject to legally [tying] contracts and the firm is committed to paying for these contracts in the future .

We are sorry that we can not prove a cause and effect conclusively , but suspect that the hemiparesis could be a reaction related to sumatriptan and suggest that intra-cerebral binding sites of sumatriptan should perhaps be studied more closely .
we are sorry that we can not prove a cause and effect conclusively , but suspect that the hemiparesis could be a reaction related to sumatriptan and suggest that intra-cerebral [tying] sites of sumatriptan should perhaps be studied more closely .

It is very thin and often has deep infoldings and outpouchings so binding together with neighbouring cells .
it is very thin and often has deep infoldings and outpouchings so [tying] together with neighbouring cells .

19 Lord The Lord Ordinary having considered the Petition and proceedings , no Answers having been lodged , Nominates and Appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the Petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the Accountant of Court a bond binding himself to lodge Accounts annually with the Accountant of Court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of Scotland ; to appear before the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the Court of Session for said purposes and to assign an address in Scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * Finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the Auditor of Court for taxation ) .
19 lord the lord ordinary having considered the petition and proceedings , no answers having been lodged , nominates and appoints to be curator bonis to designed in the petition with the usual powers and decerns ; authorises the said after finding caution to enter on the duties of his office upon a certified copy of this interlocutor with a schedule of the curatory estate annexed thereto ; and that upon condition that before issue of a certified copy interlocutor of his appointment he shall lodge in the hands of the accountant of court a bond [tying] himself to lodge accounts annually with the accountant of court and otherwise to conduct the affairs of the curatory estate in all respects in conformity with the laws and practice of scotland ; to appear before the lords of council and session in scotland to answer for his conduct as curator aforesaid or in connection with any matter arising out of said curatory ; to submit himself to and prorogate the jurisdiction of the court of session for said purposes and to assign an address in scotland where he may be cited , and decerns ( * finds the expenses of this application and procedure following thereon to form a proper charge upon the curatory estate , and remits the account thereof , when lodged , to the auditor of court for taxation ) .

Between them they cut thousands of samples each year , binding the edges to stop fraying , applying heat sealed labels with an iron and despatching to destinations all over the country .
between them they cut thousands of samples each year , [tying] the edges to stop fraying , applying heat sealed labels with an iron and despatching to destinations all over the country .

Responding to the Congress resolution , Landsbergis on March 15 announced that a decision taken in a `` foreign `` country was not binding on Lithuania .
responding to the congress resolution , landsbergis on march 15 announced that a decision taken in a `` foreign `` country was not [tying] on lithuania .

The President could issue decrees which would be binding throughout the country .
the president could issue decrees which would be [tying] throughout the country .

Techniques such as guided fantasy reveal the teacher 's presuppositions which are not discussed , and these are put across in a way which can have a particularly binding effect upon the recipients .
techniques such as guided fantasy reveal the teacher 's presuppositions which are not discussed , and these are put across in a way which can have a particularly [tying] effect upon the recipients .

The bishops wanted to keep James as King , by `` binding him to the Church by Laws `` .
the bishops wanted to keep james as king , by `` [tying] him to the church by laws `` .

There were no `` final and binding decisions `` .
there were no `` final and [tying] decisions `` .

If the transaction involves cross border parties some reluctance may be encountered to the proposed signing of a heads of agreement as in some countries such agreements are seen to be morally binding .
if the transaction involves cross border parties some reluctance may be encountered to the proposed signing of a heads of agreement as in some countries such agreements are seen to be morally [tying] .

Whilst the heads as a whole should be marked ‘ subject to contract and not legally binding ’ , where the heads refer to confidentiality and exclusivity these clauses should be expressly marked as legally binding .
whilst the heads as a whole should be marked ‘ subject to contract and not legally [tying] ’ , where the heads refer to confidentiality and exclusivity these clauses should be expressly marked as legally [tying] .

Although not of itself usually intended to be legally binding , we find that the heads of agreement act as a useful instruction to the lawyers , since the terms convey the intentions of the principals and deal with many of the theoretical and technical points that each side 's lawyer feel duty bound to raise .
although not of itself usually intended to be legally [tying] , we find that the heads of agreement act as a useful instruction to the lawyers , since the terms convey the intentions of the principals and deal with many of the theoretical and technical points that each side 's lawyer feel duty bound to raise .

Accordingly , the parties agree that each of them will accept my decision on the matters referred to me hereunder as conclusive and binding and that neither will bring any action or proceeding or make any claim against me as expert relating to or arising from the performance of my duties hereunder .
accordingly , the parties agree that each of them will accept my decision on the matters referred to me hereunder as conclusive and [tying] and that neither will bring any action or proceeding or make any claim against me as expert relating to or arising from the performance of my duties hereunder .

This Memorandum of Understanding is not intended to be legally binding on any person except to the extent that paragraphs 4 , 5 and 6 oblige the Company and the Shareholders to pay certain costs .
this memorandum of understanding is not intended to be legally [tying] on any person except to the extent that paragraphs 4 , 5 and 6 oblige the company and the shareholders to pay certain costs .

Based on the indications of interest , the shareholders , with the assistance of [ selling agent ] will , at their sole and absolute discretion , select a preferred party or parties who will be invited to perform such limited due diligence as they deem necessary in order to be able to make a binding offer .
based on the indications of interest , the shareholders , with the assistance of [ selling agent ] will , at their sole and absolute discretion , select a preferred party or parties who will be invited to perform such limited due diligence as they deem necessary in order to be able to make a [tying] offer .

It is intended that the vendors shall provide a draft purchase and sale document and draft disclosure letter prior to the submission of the binding offer .
it is intended that the vendors shall provide a draft purchase and sale document and draft disclosure letter prior to the submission of the [tying] offer .

Shortlisted bidders who wish to make a final offer for the business will be required to make a binding offer based on the documentation provided , subject only to specific provisos and their proposed amendments to the sale and purchase agreement .
shortlisted bidders who wish to make a final offer for the business will be required to make a [tying] offer based on the documentation provided , subject only to specific provisos and their proposed amendments to the sale and purchase agreement .

However , we wish to discuss and agree any amendments that you may seek to make to the contract in advance of you submitting your final binding offer .
however , we wish to discuss and agree any amendments that you may seek to make to the contract in advance of you submitting your final [tying] offer .

Our clients require your final binding offer based on the documentation provided , where appropriate in an amended form agreed by the vendors , on [ date ] .
our clients require your final [tying] offer based on the documentation provided , where appropriate in an amended form agreed by the vendors , on [ date ] .

Full provision will be made for all liabilities of the business relating to any period before the Transfer date discharged or agreed to be discharged by the Purchaser at any time during the period from the Transfer date down to the date upon which the Completion accounts have become final and binding .
full provision will be made for all liabilities of the business relating to any period before the transfer date discharged or agreed to be discharged by the purchaser at any time during the period from the transfer date down to the date upon which the completion accounts have become final and [tying] .

Until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the Company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the Company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this Agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the Company regarding the Company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the Vendors .
until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally [tying] agreement regarding the acquisition of the company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the company regarding the company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the vendors .

Not withstanding that these Heads of Agreement are headed ‘ Subject to Contract ’ and are expressed not to be legally binding , all parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat in absolute confidence the terms of this agreement and discussions in general .
not withstanding that these heads of agreement are headed ‘ subject to contract ’ and are expressed not to be legally [tying] , all parties agree as a legally [tying] commitment that they will treat in absolute confidence the terms of this agreement and discussions in general .

These Heads of Agreement represent the intentions of the parties and do not constitute a legally binding contact .
these heads of agreement represent the intentions of the parties and do not constitute a legally [tying] contact .

Notwithstanding that these Heads of Agreement are headed ‘ Subject to Contract ’ and are expressed not to be legally binding , the parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat , unless required by law or regulatory authority , in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement , the purchase and sale agreement and discussions in general .
notwithstanding that these heads of agreement are headed ‘ subject to contract ’ and are expressed not to be legally [tying] , the parties agree as a legally [tying] commitment that they will treat , unless required by law or regulatory authority , in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement , the purchase and sale agreement and discussions in general .

Will the outcome of the expert 's or arbitrator 's determination be binding on all parties ?
will the outcome of the expert 's or arbitrator 's determination be [tying] on all parties ?

All the Contracts are valid and binding and in full force and effect and neither the Vendor nor any other party to any such Contract has breached any provisions of or is in default under the terms of any such Contract .
all the contracts are valid and [tying] and in full force and effect and neither the vendor nor any other party to any such contract has breached any provisions of or is in default under the terms of any such contract .

In particular , they could provide an efficient and natural parser for Chomsky 's ‘ Government and Binding ’ model of grammar , because the modules of the grammar provide filters , rather than giving permitted productions .
in particular , they could provide an efficient and natural parser for chomsky 's ‘ government and [tying] ’ model of grammar , because the modules of the grammar provide filters , rather than giving permitted productions .

But Main Line contended it had reached a binding verbal agreement with Basinger , who was to have been paid £2m ( 3m dollars ) for six weeks ' work , and that she backed out of it four weeks before shooting was to begin in 1991 .
but main line contended it had reached a [tying] verbal agreement with basinger , who was to have been paid £2m ( 3m dollars ) for six weeks ' work , and that she backed out of it four weeks before shooting was to begin in 1991 .

Responsibility for the selection , preparation , recording and receipt of journal parts to be sent for binding each month .
responsibility for the selection , preparation , recording and receipt of journal parts to be sent for [tying] each month .

Binding : Rebound in modern brown leather , raised bands , gold lettering .
[tying] : rebound in modern brown leather , raised bands , gold lettering .

With him she was free of any binding love or duty .
with him she was free of any [tying] love or duty .

The Convention has been binding upon the United Kingdom since 1953 .
the convention has been [tying] upon the united kingdom since 1953 .

Binding clutch …
[tying] clutch …

His body was warm and hard against her own shivering flesh , his arms binding her to him as her reason spun helplessly beneath the sudden sensual onslaught .
his body was warm and hard against her own shivering flesh , his arms [tying] her to him as her reason spun helplessly beneath the sudden sensual onslaught .

The presence of the mixed micelles in the crystallization solution induces a series of conformational rearrangements in the protein complex which , in combination , create a binding site for the lipid substrate .
the presence of the mixed micelles in the crystallization solution induces a series of conformational rearrangements in the protein complex which , in combination , create a [tying] site for the lipid substrate .

These fingers are thought to enhance binding of the complex to the surface of the micelles , overcoming the inhibitory effect of bile salts .
these fingers are thought to enhance [tying] of the complex to the surface of the micelles , overcoming the inhibitory effect of bile salts .

To keep the images and text flowing across the facing pages , Japanese book binding was chosen , allowing the embossed images and the letterpress to be printed , not at the same time , but on both sides of the same page folded over .
to keep the images and text flowing across the facing pages , japanese book [tying] was chosen , allowing the embossed images and the letterpress to be printed , not at the same time , but on both sides of the same page folded over .

The core social mechanism binding the locality together is ‘ honour ’ , or what we have earlier termed ‘ esteem ’ .
the core social mechanism [tying] the locality together is ‘ honour ’ , or what we have earlier termed ‘ esteem ’ .

Negotiation : contractually binding conclusions are worked out in joint negotiation committees .
negotiation : contractually [tying] conclusions are worked out in joint negotiation committees .

It was agreed that the retiring Prime Minister did not have any right to nominate or give binding advice as to his successor , though he might be consulted along with others .
it was agreed that the retiring prime minister did not have any right to nominate or give [tying] advice as to his successor , though he might be consulted along with others .

Add a border or binding down the leading and bottom edges of curtains for a real interior designer touch .
add a border or [tying] down the leading and bottom edges of curtains for a real interior designer touch .

Since nobody knows the characteristics of next year 's model of a car or a washing machine , it is impossible to write legally binding contracts which could be enforced when the goods are actually delivered .
since nobody knows the characteristics of next year 's model of a car or a washing machine , it is impossible to write legally [tying] contracts which could be enforced when the goods are actually delivered .

Secure on her own ground ( she 's locked the door from the inside and pocketed the key ) , Anya cuts the cords binding Riva 's wrists and ankles , and slips the gun back into a gangsterish shoulder-holster straight out of a B-movie props department .
secure on her own ground ( she 's locked the door from the inside and pocketed the key ) , anya cuts the cords [tying] riva 's wrists and ankles , and slips the gun back into a gangsterish shoulder-holster straight out of a b-movie props department .

‘ She also works both sides of the blanket : that binding spell she slammed me with had the Opposition 's fingerprints all over it . ’
‘ she also works both sides of the blanket : that [tying] spell she slammed me with had the opposition 's fingerprints all over it . ’

Will my right hon. Friend assure the House that he will not agree to binding minimum rates of income tax in Europe , which have been advocated by the Socialist Confederation in Europe and are supported by the Labour party in this country ?
will my right hon. friend assure the house that he will not agree to [tying] minimum rates of income tax in europe , which have been advocated by the socialist confederation in europe and are supported by the labour party in this country ?

Is not the real reason why the Secretary of State makes those absurd and fictitious claims about the effect of the social charter , which bears no resemblance to the reality of the proposals , that he dare not admit that the Government are opposed , not just in detail but in principle , to the idea of binding employment standards across the Community ? Will he now answer the question of the hon. Member for Brigg and Cleethorpes ( Mr. Brown ) and confirm that when the Prime Minister goes to Maastricht he will sign no treaty that allows qualified majority voting on any aspect of employment law ?
is not the real reason why the secretary of state makes those absurd and fictitious claims about the effect of the social charter , which bears no resemblance to the reality of the proposals , that he dare not admit that the government are opposed , not just in detail but in principle , to the idea of [tying] employment standards across the community ? will he now answer the question of the hon. member for brigg and cleethorpes ( mr. brown ) and confirm that when the prime minister goes to maastricht he will sign no treaty that allows qualified majority voting on any aspect of employment law ?

Does my right hon. Friend mean that British industrialists do not want to go back to national plans , solemn and binding undertakings , high inflation , nationalisation , high taxation and trade union unrest ? That , after all , is the Labour party 's policy for this country . Is it really true that industrialists do not want to return to such a situation ?
does my right hon. friend mean that british industrialists do not want to go back to national plans , solemn and [tying] undertakings , high inflation , nationalisation , high taxation and trade union unrest ? that , after all , is the labour party 's policy for this country . is it really true that industrialists do not want to return to such a situation ?

An offer is something which is clearly intended if accepted to form a binding agreement .
an offer is something which is clearly intended if accepted to form a [tying] agreement .

Thus contracts are not generally binding on the following people : persons who at the time of making the contract were either minors , or so insane or drunk as not to know what they were doing .
thus contracts are not generally [tying] on the following people : persons who at the time of making the contract were either minors , or so insane or drunk as not to know what they were doing .

Since Matilda is now the wife of Geoffrey of Anjou , your oaths are no longer binding .
since matilda is now the wife of geoffrey of anjou , your oaths are no longer [tying] .

14 ) , wrote in his analysis of the concept of political power that : ‘ Power , then , is generalized capacity to secure the performance of binding obligations by units in a system of collective organization when the obligations are legitimized with reference to their bearing on collective goals ’ .
14 ) , wrote in his analysis of the concept of political power that : ‘ power , then , is generalized capacity to secure the performance of [tying] obligations by units in a system of collective organization when the obligations are legitimized with reference to their bearing on collective goals ’ .

In other words , at the factor prices ruling , the demand for factors is such that the constraint on capital is binding but not the constraint on labour ( we do not go into the dynamic adjustment process by which this rationed equilibrium has been reached ) .
in other words , at the factor prices ruling , the demand for factors is such that the constraint on capital is [tying] but not the constraint on labour ( we do not go into the dynamic adjustment process by which this rationed equilibrium has been reached ) .

Thus the Treaty and the subordinate Community legislation are made binding directly upon businesses and private individuals within Member States , and may also be used to challenge the governmental authorities and legislatures of Member States .
thus the treaty and the subordinate community legislation are made [tying] directly upon businesses and private individuals within member states , and may also be used to challenge the governmental authorities and legislatures of member states .

On 31 July 1992 , the Commission declared : ‘ Specific and binding assurances from Sweden should be sought with regard to her political commitments and legal capacity to fulfil the obligations … ( on ) the eventual framing of a common defence policy . ’
on 31 july 1992 , the commission declared : ‘ specific and [tying] assurances from sweden should be sought with regard to her political commitments and legal capacity to fulfil the obligations … ( on ) the eventual framing of a common defence policy . ’

The Swedish Prime Minister , Carl Bildt , justly complained that ‘ membership has unspecified potential obligations ’ , and that Sweden thus could not be expected to make binding assurances that she would participate in a common defence policy which has not yet been defined .
the swedish prime minister , carl bildt , justly complained that ‘ membership has unspecified potential obligations ’ , and that sweden thus could not be expected to make [tying] assurances that she would participate in a common defence policy which has not yet been defined .

Meanwhile , the cry from the opposition parties in Denmark , notably the Social Democrats , who comprise the largest party , was for a change to the Treaty which would be legally binding .
meanwhile , the cry from the opposition parties in denmark , notably the social democrats , who comprise the largest party , was for a change to the treaty which would be legally [tying] .

Friend the Prime Minister confirm that the ‘ no ’ vote in Denmark is binding upon the Danish Government ?
friend the prime minister confirm that the ‘ no ’ vote in denmark is [tying] upon the danish government ?

In fact , the rational expectations hypothesis is sometimes seen as providing support for the ‘ strong ’ version of the Friedman approach to monetary policy in which the x per cent rule is made constitutionally binding .
in fact , the rational expectations hypothesis is sometimes seen as providing support for the ‘ strong ’ version of the friedman approach to monetary policy in which the x per cent rule is made constitutionally [tying] .

Consequently , there is little need to prevent cheating by making the government 's announced monetary policy constitutionally binding .
consequently , there is little need to prevent cheating by making the government 's announced monetary policy constitutionally [tying] .

This uncertainty could be partly removed by making government policy constitutionally binding ( but only ‘ partly ’ , since constitutions can be changed too ) .
this uncertainty could be partly removed by making government policy constitutionally [tying] ( but only ‘ partly ’ , since constitutions can be changed too ) .

5.11.4 Group frequencies and types of ligand binding
5.11.4 group frequencies and types of ligand [tying]

Many ligands have several different modes of binding to other atoms .
many ligands have several different modes of [tying] to other atoms .

What we record in an X-ray photoelectron experiment is a spectrum of kinetic energies of ejected electrons , each corresponding to the binding energy of one core level in the sample .
what we record in an x-ray photoelectron experiment is a spectrum of kinetic energies of ejected electrons , each corresponding to the [tying] energy of one core level in the sample .

Thus metallic cobalt gives signals due to removal of electrons with binding energies 926 eV ( 2s ) , 794 and 779 eV ( 2p ) , 101 eV ( 3s ) and 60 eV ( 3p ) , while any cobalt oxide would also give signals due to the oxygen 1s core level with binding energy 540 eV , as shown in Fig .
thus metallic cobalt gives signals due to removal of electrons with [tying] energies 926 ev ( 2s ) , 794 and 779 ev ( 2p ) , 101 ev ( 3s ) and 60 ev ( 3p ) , while any cobalt oxide would also give signals due to the oxygen 1s core level with [tying] energy 540 ev , as shown in fig .

Sample effects , including the problems of charging of solid samples , and the difficulty of defining a reference level from which the binding energy can be measured for an insulating solid .
sample effects , including the problems of charging of solid samples , and the difficulty of defining a reference level from which the [tying] energy can be measured for an insulating solid .

Positively charged atoms attract the core electrons more strongly than neutral or negative ones , so metal atoms in oxides , salts and so on have higher binding energies than similar atoms in pure metal samples ( Fig .
positively charged atoms attract the core electrons more strongly than neutral or negative ones , so metal atoms in oxides , salts and so on have higher [tying] energies than similar atoms in pure metal samples ( fig .

For example , the molybdenum 3d binding energies observed [ 4 ] for , and , in which the formal oxidation states of the metal are 0 , 2 and 4 , are 230·9 , 232·7 and 235·3 eV , respectively .
for example , the molybdenum 3d [tying] energies observed [ 4 ] for , and , in which the formal oxidation states of the metal are 0 , 2 and 4 , are 230·9 , 232·7 and 235·3 ev , respectively .

Thus a high oxidation state is associated with a high binding energy , as expected .
thus a high oxidation state is associated with a high [tying] energy , as expected .

There are three fundamentally different approaches to the calculation of core-level binding energies .
there are three fundamentally different approaches to the calculation of core-level [tying] energies .

In one , we calculate the orbital energies of the electrons in the original molecule , and equate the orbital energy with the binding energy — an assumption known , loosely , as Koopmans ' Theorem .
in one , we calculate the orbital energies of the electrons in the original molecule , and equate the orbital energy with the [tying] energy — an assumption known , loosely , as koopmans ' theorem .

The absolute binding energies are of course very large , and even if we do a very expensive calculation we should not expect our calculated orbital energies to match them exactly .
the absolute [tying] energies are of course very large , and even if we do a very expensive calculation we should not expect our calculated orbital energies to match them exactly .

But we may hope that the small differences in binding energies that correspond to the chemical shifts between different samples will be correctly reproduced .
but we may hope that the small differences in [tying] energies that correspond to the chemical shifts between different samples will be correctly reproduced .

The third approach attempts to avoid the approximation of Koopmans ' Theorem by deriving binding energies as the differences in total energies between the molecule and the highly excited positive ions formed by removing core electrons .
the third approach attempts to avoid the approximation of koopmans ' theorem by deriving [tying] energies as the differences in total energies between the molecule and the highly excited positive ions formed by removing core electrons .

Valence electrons , with binding energies below about 40 eV , may be photoionized with X-rays in the same way as core electrons .
valence electrons , with [tying] energies below about 40 ev , may be photoionized with x-rays in the same way as core electrons .

Essentially , the domestic firm will know the response of its competitor as the foreign firm 's reaction function will be kinked where the quota is binding .
essentially , the domestic firm will know the response of its competitor as the foreign firm 's reaction function will be kinked where the quota is [tying] .

they know that there will be no response from their foreign competitors ) and that the foreign firms ' conjecture is undefined where the quota is binding .
they know that there will be no response from their foreign competitors ) and that the foreign firms ' conjecture is undefined where the quota is [tying] .

In all cases , the glass should be thoroughly clean and grease free before sandwiching the peel and binding the edges with adhesive plastic tape .
in all cases , the glass should be thoroughly clean and grease free before sandwiching the peel and [tying] the edges with adhesive plastic tape .

The gravitational force dominates our Universe on the large scale , binding matter into stars , stars into galaxies , and galaxies into clusters of galaxies .
the gravitational force dominates our universe on the large scale , [tying] matter into stars , stars into galaxies , and galaxies into clusters of galaxies .

Another significant feature of matter is that the nuclear mass is smaller than the sum of the nucleon masses by the binding energy due to the nuclear force between them .
another significant feature of matter is that the nuclear mass is smaller than the sum of the nucleon masses by the [tying] energy due to the nuclear force between them .

This nuclear binding energy is zero for hydrogen where the nucleus is a single proton and rises to 0.7 per cent of the mass x c 2 of the constituent nucleons in the case of iron .
this nuclear [tying] energy is zero for hydrogen where the nucleus is a single proton and rises to 0.7 per cent of the mass x c 2 of the constituent nucleons in the case of iron .

But just then Lisa looked up from the basket whose handle she was binding with ribbon , and laughed .
but just then lisa looked up from the basket whose handle she was [tying] with ribbon , and laughed .

Nicols , Winch and Hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a subsequent assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is binding .
nicols , winch and hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a subsequent assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is [tying] .

Is an agreement by a husband separately to maintain his wife , if she will not ‘ molest ’ him , a binding contract ?
is an agreement by a husband separately to maintain his wife , if she will not ‘ molest ’ him , a [tying] contract ?

If the wife were to return to her husband , would the contract , as found by the court , still be binding upon the parties ?
if the wife were to return to her husband , would the contract , as found by the court , still be [tying] upon the parties ?

any other financial arrangements contained in the agreement shall not thereby be rendered void or unenforceable and shall , unless they are void or unenforceable for any other reason ( and subject to sections 35 and 36 , below ) be binding on the parties to the agreement .
any other financial arrangements contained in the agreement shall not thereby be rendered void or unenforceable and shall , unless they are void or unenforceable for any other reason ( and subject to sections 35 and 36 , below ) be [tying] on the parties to the agreement .

Though not under a legal liability to maintain his illegitimate child , the father is under a moral duty to do so . Would the promise of a complete stranger to pay a mother to maintain her illegitimate child be binding on the promisor ?
though not under a legal liability to maintain his illegitimate child , the father is under a moral duty to do so . would the promise of a complete stranger to pay a mother to maintain her illegitimate child be [tying] on the promisor ?

Is a promise to give a wedding present binding when the marriage takes place ? Does it matter that the present is so substantial that it is a powerful inducement to marry ?
is a promise to give a wedding present [tying] when the marriage takes place ? does it matter that the present is so substantial that it is a powerful inducement to marry ?

The distinction between the effect of a deed under seal , and that of an agreement by parol , or by writing not under seal , may seem arbitrary , but it is established in our law ; nor is it really unreasonable or practically inconvenient that the law should require particular solemnities to give a gratuitous contract the force of a binding obligation .
the distinction between the effect of a deed under seal , and that of an agreement by parol , or by writing not under seal , may seem arbitrary , but it is established in our law ; nor is it really unreasonable or practically inconvenient that the law should require particular solemnities to give a gratuitous contract the force of a [tying] obligation .

What was the ratio decidendi of Pinnel 's Case ? Was the rule in Pinnel 's Case binding on the House of Lords ?
what was the ratio decidendi of pinnel 's case ? was the rule in pinnel 's case [tying] on the house of lords ?

Was not the question whether Beer 's promise not to take proceedings was binding ?
was not the question whether beer 's promise not to take proceedings was [tying] ?

Explain whether this is a legally binding contract and whether or not Wilson Decorators must supply materials and receive £800 .
explain whether this is a legally [tying] contract and whether or not wilson decorators must supply materials and receive £800 .

Aforementioned principles and provisions are binding on all Member State authorities , including the courts .
aforementioned principles and provisions are [tying] on all member state authorities , including the courts .

What was decided there was to be binding on all .
what was decided there was to be [tying] on all .

Several opposition groups rejected the government position that decisions should be binding .
several opposition groups rejected the government position that decisions should be [tying] .

On Jan. 19 the government had announced that all legal parties would be submitted to certain restrictions , binding them to give prior notice to the municipal authorities of any meeting , demonstration or public gathering , along with details of the organizers .
on jan. 19 the government had announced that all legal parties would be submitted to certain restrictions , [tying] them to give prior notice to the municipal authorities of any meeting , demonstration or public gathering , along with details of the organizers .

The Tribunal 's ruling stipulated , however , that the funds could be returned to the Philippines only after a Philippines court had issued a " legally binding verdict " on whether the assets were to be confiscated or given back to their claimants .
the tribunal 's ruling stipulated , however , that the funds could be returned to the philippines only after a philippines court had issued a " legally [tying] verdict " on whether the assets were to be confiscated or given back to their claimants .

Many environmental campaigners stressed its failure to set binding targets for resolving environmental problems , and to address adequately the links between third world poverty and environmental degradation .
many environmental campaigners stressed its failure to set [tying] targets for resolving environmental problems , and to address adequately the links between third world poverty and environmental degradation .

Described as a `` blueprint for action `` , its recommendations were not , however , binding .
described as a `` blueprint for action `` , its recommendations were not , however , [tying] .

One of the two binding treaties agreed at the summit , this required states to take steps to preserve ecologically valuable areas and species .
one of the two [tying] treaties agreed at the summit , this required states to take steps to preserve ecologically valuable areas and species .

The legislation , which was signed by President Bush on the morning of June 26 , imposed a 38-day cooling-off period and forced the participants to submit to arbitration which , in the event of it being approved by the President , would be binding .
the legislation , which was signed by president bush on the morning of june 26 , imposed a 38-day cooling-off period and forced the participants to submit to arbitration which , in the event of it being approved by the president , would be [tying] .

Yeltsin 's proposals specifically envisaged that he , as Chair of the Supreme Soviet , should be given powers to issue `` binding orders `` , as should the Prime Minister .
yeltsin 's proposals specifically envisaged that he , as chair of the supreme soviet , should be given powers to issue `` [tying] orders `` , as should the prime minister .

Major 's difficult domestic position was one of the factors leading German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , who met Major on June 9 , and President Mitterrand of France , who had talks with Major on June 24 , to agree that the Luxembourg summit should not attempt to enforce binding decisions .
major 's difficult domestic position was one of the factors leading german chancellor helmut kohl , who met major on june 9 , and president mitterrand of france , who had talks with major on june 24 , to agree that the luxembourg summit should not attempt to enforce [tying] decisions .

It was unclear , however , whether this decision would be binding on the military authorities which carried out the tests .
it was unclear , however , whether this decision would be [tying] on the military authorities which carried out the tests .

( 2 ) The united Germany and the Republic of Poland shall confirm the existing border between them in a treaty that is binding under international law .
( 2 ) the united germany and the republic of poland shall confirm the existing border between them in a treaty that is [tying] under international law .

He said that he would `` regard a yes vote … as authority to enter into binding agreements in the negotiation process and to implement those binding agreements `` .
he said that he would `` regard a yes vote … as authority to enter into [tying] agreements in the negotiation process and to implement those [tying] agreements `` .

The vote was not legally binding , but was thought to put strong pressure on the Council of Ministers , which would have the final decision on the basis of qualified majority voting .
the vote was not legally [tying] , but was thought to put strong pressure on the council of ministers , which would have the final decision on the basis of qualified majority voting .

The Foreign Ministers signed a document covering the withdrawal of Russian forces from Poland by Nov. 15 , and an agreement binding each side to make no claims for compensation over the stationing of Soviet troops in Poland .
the foreign ministers signed a document covering the withdrawal of russian forces from poland by nov. 15 , and an agreement [tying] each side to make no claims for compensation over the stationing of soviet troops in poland .

While not binding , the national referendum was seen as an attempt to increase the likelihood of unanimous provincial ratification and , thereby , to prevent the deal from suffering a fate similar to that of its Meech Lake predecessor .
while not [tying] , the national referendum was seen as an attempt to increase the likelihood of unanimous provincial ratification and , thereby , to prevent the deal from suffering a fate similar to that of its meech lake predecessor .

This would be achieved by formulating a convention on climate change , to include legally binding protocols on cutting emissions of gases which contributed to global warming , and provisions for industrialized countries to provide financial and technical assistance to Third-World countries to help them achieve this without forgoing the benefits of industrial development .
this would be achieved by formulating a convention on climate change , to include legally [tying] protocols on cutting emissions of gases which contributed to global warming , and provisions for industrialized countries to provide financial and technical assistance to third-world countries to help them achieve this without forgoing the benefits of industrial development .

Use of the tribunal would be voluntary and its findings would only be binding if both parties had agreed in advance to accept them .
use of the tribunal would be voluntary and its findings would only be [tying] if both parties had agreed in advance to accept them .

Similar to agreements signed by Poland and Czechoslovakia with Germany , it provided binding protection for the 100,000-strong German ethnic minority in Romania .
similar to agreements signed by poland and czechoslovakia with germany , it provided [tying] protection for the 100,000-strong german ethnic minority in romania .

While the referendum had not been intended as legally binding by the government , on the strength of the result the Supreme Council on Feb. 11 adopted a constitutional law proclaiming Lithuania `` an independent democratic republic `` .
while the referendum had not been intended as legally [tying] by the government , on the strength of the result the supreme council on feb. 11 adopted a constitutional law proclaiming lithuania `` an independent democratic republic `` .

Section 2 , which replaces s. 40 of the Law of Property Act 1925 , was intended to prevent disputes over whether the parties had entered into a binding agreement or over what terms they had agreed .
section 2 , which replaces s. 40 of the law of property act 1925 , was intended to prevent disputes over whether the parties had entered into a [tying] agreement or over what terms they had agreed .

There is no requirement in French law that a binding contract for the sale of land should be in or evidenced by writing .
there is no requirement in french law that a [tying] contract for the sale of land should be in or evidenced by writing .

Phrase Structure Grammar ( Joshi 1985 ) ; Government and Binding ( Di Sciullo et al .
phrase structure grammar ( joshi 1985 ) ; government and [tying] ( di sciullo et al .

Statutory regulations binding on both parties required crawling boards to be used on fragile roofs .
statutory regulations [tying] on both parties required crawling boards to be used on fragile roofs .

It may seem incredible that they could have been remembered accurately for many decades , but the construction of skaldic verse was complex , and features such as the binding of pairs of lines by allit-eration , and rhyme and consonance within lines , perhaps facilitated the correct transmission of individual words .
it may seem incredible that they could have been remembered accurately for many decades , but the construction of skaldic verse was complex , and features such as the [tying] of pairs of lines by allit-eration , and rhyme and consonance within lines , perhaps facilitated the correct transmission of individual words .

( h ) To borrow and raise money in any manner and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed , raised or owing by mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or other security upon the whole or any part of the Company 's property or assets ( whether present or future ) , including its uncalled capital , and also by a similar mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or security to secure and guarantee the performance by the Company of any obligation or liability it may undertake or which may become binding on it .
( h ) to borrow and raise money in any manner and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed , raised or owing by mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or other security upon the whole or any part of the company 's property or assets ( whether present or future ) , including its uncalled capital , and also by a similar mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or security to secure and guarantee the performance by the company of any obligation or liability it may undertake or which may become [tying] on it .

( h ) To borrow and raise money in any manner and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed , raised or owing by mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or other security upon the whole or any part of the Company 's property or assets ( whether present or future ) , including its uncalled capital , and also by a similar mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or security to secure and guarantee the performance by the Company of any obligation or liability it may undertake or which may become binding on it .
( h ) to borrow and raise money in any manner and to secure the repayment of any money borrowed , raised or owing by mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or other security upon the whole or any part of the company 's property or assets ( whether present or future ) , including its uncalled capital , and also by a similar mortgage , charge , standard security , lien or security to secure and guarantee the performance by the company of any obligation or liability it may undertake or which may become [tying] on it .

Eight of the nine specific to particular English trades balanced prohibition of combination with wage-regulating clauses binding on employers .
eight of the nine specific to particular english trades balanced prohibition of combination with wage-regulating clauses [tying] on employers .

This has not proved easy and the following trilogy of United States cases give an indication of the development of tests which may be applicable in the United Kingdom ( United States law has no binding effect on the United Kingdom courts but it may be of persuasive authority , particularly in the field of computer technology ) .
this has not proved easy and the following trilogy of united states cases give an indication of the development of tests which may be applicable in the united kingdom ( united states law has no [tying] effect on the united kingdom courts but it may be of persuasive authority , particularly in the field of computer technology ) .

Expenditure ceilings established in the perspective were agreed as binding .
expenditure ceilings established in the perspective were agreed as [tying] .

Thus under the Treaty binding provisions seek to establish freedom of movement of workers ( Arts 48 and 49 ) , freedom of establishment ( Arts 52 – 8 ) , equal pay for men and women ( Art .
thus under the treaty [tying] provisions seek to establish freedom of movement of workers ( arts 48 and 49 ) , freedom of establishment ( arts 52 – 8 ) , equal pay for men and women ( art .

These studies have led their authors to speak of a sort of `` binding hierarchy `` ( Givon 1980 ) characterizing the various types of complement constructions .
these studies have led their authors to speak of a sort of `` [tying] hierarchy `` ( givon 1980 ) characterizing the various types of complement constructions .

Make and have are at the top of the binding hierarchy and take the `` highly non-verbal `` bare infinitive ; order is lower on the scale and takes the to infinitive ; next comes insist , which is followed by a subordinate clause containing a finite subjunctive form , and then think , construed with a subordinate clause in the indicative .
make and have are at the top of the [tying] hierarchy and take the `` highly non-verbal `` bare infinitive ; order is lower on the scale and takes the to infinitive ; next comes insist , which is followed by a subordinate clause containing a finite subjunctive form , and then think , construed with a subordinate clause in the indicative .

Unfortunately Lady le Fleming 's agent appeared to take Leathart 's advice a little too literally and caused great concern to the partners by proposing a covenant binding them to prevent `` all water `` from filtering down into any part of the mine below Deep Level .
unfortunately lady le fleming 's agent appeared to take leathart 's advice a little too literally and caused great concern to the partners by proposing a covenant [tying] them to prevent `` all water `` from filtering down into any part of the mine below deep level .

The shape , size , print , paper and binding of a book .
the shape , size , print , paper and [tying] of a book .

Chris lent a hand with the binding and stacking , reliving her farming and Land Army days .
chris lent a hand with the [tying] and stacking , reliving her farming and land army days .

Polymers , however , because of the weak van der Waals ' binding forces involved in interchain interactions , show time and temperature effects at much lower stresses and over smaller temperature ranges , and the practical consequences of this dependence are many .
polymers , however , because of the weak van der waals ' [tying] forces involved in interchain interactions , show time and temperature effects at much lower stresses and over smaller temperature ranges , and the practical consequences of this dependence are many .

The initial step of this migration through basement membranes is thought to be the adhesion of tumour cells , which is mainly mediated through binding of extracellular matrix components to tumour cell surface receptors .
the initial step of this migration through basement membranes is thought to be the adhesion of tumour cells , which is mainly mediated through [tying] of extracellular matrix components to tumour cell surface receptors .

An alternative hypothesis is that our observed effect on proliferation may be a non-genomic effect , possibly related to calcium ion transport ( as suggested by the presence of cytosolic calcium binding proteins in the colonic mucosa of short bowel syndrome ) or to a post-receptor binding effect .
an alternative hypothesis is that our observed effect on proliferation may be a non-genomic effect , possibly related to calcium ion transport ( as suggested by the presence of cytosolic calcium [tying] proteins in the colonic mucosa of short bowel syndrome ) or to a post-receptor [tying] effect .

The purposes of the present study were ( 1 ) to determine the binding of human recombinant bFGF to the intact and ulcerated gastric mucosa ; ( 2 ) to assess the protective activity of bFGF against the damage by various irritants and stress ; ( 3 ) to examine the efficacy of bFGF in ehaling of gastric ulcers ; and ( 4 ) to evaluate the interaction of bFGF with sucralfate in the gastroprotection and healing of gastric ulcerations in rats .
the purposes of the present study were ( 1 ) to determine the [tying] of human recombinant bfgf to the intact and ulcerated gastric mucosa ; ( 2 ) to assess the protective activity of bfgf against the damage by various irritants and stress ; ( 3 ) to examine the efficacy of bfgf in ehaling of gastric ulcers ; and ( 4 ) to evaluate the interaction of bfgf with sucralfate in the gastroprotection and healing of gastric ulcerations in rats .

The presence of bFGF and the binding sites for this peptide have been documented in various tissues including the gastrointestinal tract but the physiological role of bFGF has not previously been established .
the presence of bfgf and the [tying] sites for this peptide have been documented in various tissues including the gastrointestinal tract but the physiological role of bfgf has not previously been established .

In acidic gastric milieu , sucralfate is a polyvalent anion , electrostatically binding most protein molecules ( preferentially in the ulcer base ) that are positively charged .
in acidic gastric milieu , sucralfate is a polyvalent anion , electrostatically [tying] most protein molecules ( preferentially in the ulcer base ) that are positively charged .

The pellet was allowed to stand at room temperature for 15 minutes to allow binding to occur and unbound 51-chromium was then removed by washing with 0.9 % saline .
the pellet was allowed to stand at room temperature for 15 minutes to allow [tying] to occur and unbound 51-chromium was then removed by washing with 0.9 % saline .

On hepatocytes — binding studies on whole cells were carried out in 24 well cluster trays .
on hepatocytes — [tying] studies on whole cells were carried out in 24 well cluster trays .

The results of automated full blood counts ( both lowest documented and on first outpatient attendance ) and an assessment of iron store state ( with serum iron , total iron binding capacity or ferritin , or both ) were recorded .
the results of automated full blood counts ( both lowest documented and on first outpatient attendance ) and an assessment of iron store state ( with serum iron , total iron [tying] capacity or ferritin , or both ) were recorded .

None the less iron deficiency was proved in 63 of 111 patients ( serum iron < 11 µmol/l with iron binding capacity > 72 % or ferritin < 15 µg/l , or both ) .
none the less iron deficiency was proved in 63 of 111 patients ( serum iron < 11 µmol/l with iron [tying] capacity > 72 % or ferritin < 15 µg/l , or both ) .

Forty three patients had partially treated iron deficiency with a typical blood film and microcytosis ( mean cell volume < 76 fl ) or iron , iron binding capacity or ferritin , or all four at the extremes of the normal range and a response to iron treatment .
forty three patients had partially treated iron deficiency with a typical blood film and microcytosis ( mean cell volume < 76 fl ) or iron , iron [tying] capacity or ferritin , or all four at the extremes of the normal range and a response to iron treatment .

Weaker iron binding ligands within gastric juice such as citrate , or even the iron colloid binding glycoprotein ‘ gastroferrin ' , may facilitate transfer of some iron into the stomach .
weaker iron [tying] ligands within gastric juice such as citrate , or even the iron colloid [tying] glycoprotein ‘ gastroferrin ' , may facilitate transfer of some iron into the stomach .

Differential strengths of binding to mucus may explain this , particularly since zinc and copper have greater affinity for most polyanionic metal binding substrates than magnesium and calcium .
differential strengths of [tying] to mucus may explain this , particularly since zinc and copper have greater affinity for most polyanionic metal [tying] substrates than magnesium and calcium .

Nolan and Ali recognised the possible contribution of luminal bacterial endotoxins to the activity of inflammatory bowel disease and suggested that luminal endotoxins could be inactivated by an enterally administered non-specific binding agent .
nolan and ali recognised the possible contribution of luminal bacterial endotoxins to the activity of inflammatory bowel disease and suggested that luminal endotoxins could be inactivated by an enterally administered non-specific [tying] agent .

Thus , divergence of antigen and activity levels of the plasminogen activators is the consequence of a complex regulation cascade of proenzyme activation , receptor binding , and inactivation by inhibitors .
thus , divergence of antigen and activity levels of the plasminogen activators is the consequence of a complex regulation cascade of proenzyme activation , receptor [tying] , and inactivation by inhibitors .

Moreover , only a very small segment of jejunum was exposed to the full dose of cholera toxin and because of the rapid binding of the toxin to the mucosa it was presumed that cholera toxin was not available in the distal small bowel to induce secretion .
moreover , only a very small segment of jejunum was exposed to the full dose of cholera toxin and because of the rapid [tying] of the toxin to the mucosa it was presumed that cholera toxin was not available in the distal small bowel to induce secretion .

The purpose of the current investigation is to show a possible binding or uptake of PT-gliadin in the enterocytes , and to compare the handling of the components between coeliac patients and controls .
the purpose of the current investigation is to show a possible [tying] or uptake of pt-gliadin in the enterocytes , and to compare the handling of the components between coeliac patients and controls .

One ml was used for lipid analysis and the remainder for estimations of serum albumin and retinol binding protein concentrations .
one ml was used for lipid analysis and the remainder for estimations of serum albumin and retinol [tying] protein concentrations .

The normal laboratory ranges for serum albumin and retinal binding proteins were 35–45 g/l and 1.9- 8.0 mg/dl respectively .
the normal laboratory ranges for serum albumin and retinal [tying] proteins were 35–45 g/l and 1.9- 8.0 mg/dl respectively .

In the assessment of the nutritional status of preoperative patients , the predictive validity of the serum albumin concentration ( with its half-life=19 days ) is greatly enhanced when combined with a plasma protein with a short half-life , such as retinol binding protein ( half-life=2 days ) .
in the assessment of the nutritional status of preoperative patients , the predictive validity of the serum albumin concentration ( with its half-life=19 days ) is greatly enhanced when combined with a plasma protein with a short half-life , such as retinol [tying] protein ( half-life=2 days ) .

There was no biochemical evidence of the patients being nutritionally compromised — mean serum albumin ( 38.3 ( 1.1 ) g/l ) and mean retinol binding protein ( 2.5 ( 0.4 ) mg/dl ) values were within the normal range .
there was no biochemical evidence of the patients being nutritionally compromised — mean serum albumin ( 38.3 ( 1.1 ) g/l ) and mean retinol [tying] protein ( 2.5 ( 0.4 ) mg/dl ) values were within the normal range .

The finding of normal concentrations of albumin , retinol binding protein , and triglyce ide among cancer patients , irrespective of the stage and tumour grade , excludes nutritional wasting as a cause of the hypocholesterolaemia .
the finding of normal concentrations of albumin , retinol [tying] protein , and triglyce ide among cancer patients , irrespective of the stage and tumour grade , excludes nutritional wasting as a cause of the hypocholesterolaemia .

The subclass composition of an IgG response is of biological significance because of the striking isotype related differences with regard to binding and activation of complement , promotion of phagocytosis , and mediation of antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity .
the subclass composition of an igg response is of biological significance because of the striking isotype related differences with regard to [tying] and activation of complement , promotion of phagocytosis , and mediation of antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity .

It is possible that our finding of inappropriate staining with anti-B , and to a lesser extent anti-A , antibodies reflects non-specific binding of the antibodies to carbohydrate epitopes in biliary cells and hepatocytes , although this seems unlikely as it is not seen in other cells .
it is possible that our finding of inappropriate staining with anti-b , and to a lesser extent anti-a , antibodies reflects non-specific [tying] of the antibodies to carbohydrate epitopes in biliary cells and hepatocytes , although this seems unlikely as it is not seen in other cells .

But they are resisting pressure to refer the disputed 6.5 per cent pay rise to independent binding arbitration .
but they are resisting pressure to refer the disputed 6.5 per cent pay rise to independent [tying] arbitration .

There could only be one reason why Kenneth Clarke , the Secretary of State for Health , was refusing to accept binding arbitration in the dispute .
there could only be one reason why kenneth clarke , the secretary of state for health , was refusing to accept [tying] arbitration in the dispute .

They say they will abandon the dispute over the Government 's refusal to raise a 6.5 per cent offer if both sides agree to binding arbitration .
they say they will abandon the dispute over the government 's refusal to raise a 6.5 per cent offer if both sides agree to [tying] arbitration .

’ It was here that the corvina binding was developed .
’ it was here that the corvina [tying] was developed .

As had happened previously , the fines were paid anonymously but the magistrates had made it impossible for an outsider to defuse the situation on this occasion by also binding them over to keep the peace .
as had happened previously , the fines were paid anonymously but the magistrates had made it impossible for an outsider to defuse the situation on this occasion by also [tying] them over to keep the peace .

No one was more aware of the functional significance of his popularity in binding the masses to him , and hence to the regime , than Hitler himself .
no one was more aware of the functional significance of his popularity in [tying] the masses to him , and hence to the regime , than hitler himself .

It is no coincidence , therefore , that terroristic repression escalated wildly in the final phase of the waning regime as the binding force of Hitler 's popularity weakened and collapsed .
it is no coincidence , therefore , that terroristic repression escalated wildly in the final phase of the waning regime as the [tying] force of hitler 's popularity weakened and collapsed .

The Hebrew scriptures imposed a law not to be binding on Gentiles , yet ( for all its moral imperfections ) not to be set in sharp antithesis to the new and more excellent way of love embodied in Jesus ' life and teaching .
the hebrew scriptures imposed a law not to be [tying] on gentiles , yet ( for all its moral imperfections ) not to be set in sharp antithesis to the new and more excellent way of love embodied in jesus ' life and teaching .

Obituary of Archie Binding
obituary of archie [tying]

By the end of the First World War Binding had logged more than 3,000 airship hours and established himself as one of the most experienced and , as his service record stated , ‘ capable airship engineers . ’
by the end of the first world war [tying] had logged more than 3,000 airship hours and established himself as one of the most experienced and , as his service record stated , ‘ capable airship engineers . ’

From his experience with the Navy 's Coastal Airships on convoy escort and anti U-boat patrols , Binding was accustomed to the perilous practice of climbing out of the gondola cockpit high above the North Sea to service the airship 's two eight-cylinder 150 hp Sunbeam engines .
from his experience with the navy 's coastal airships on convoy escort and anti u-boat patrols , [tying] was accustomed to the perilous practice of climbing out of the gondola cockpit high above the north sea to service the airship 's two eight-cylinder 150 hp sunbeam engines .

Archer Ormond Binding was born at Clevedon , Somerset , on Dec 12 1886 .
archer ormond [tying] was born at clevedon , somerset , on dec 12 1886 .

On arrival at Sheerness naval barracks Binding was told to train them himself .
on arrival at sheerness naval barracks [tying] was told to train them himself .

After the First World War Binding rejoined the family business .
after the first world war [tying] rejoined the family business .

Archie Binding was a dedicated freemason and Rotarian .
archie [tying] was a dedicated freemason and rotarian .

They are rules which are not merely morally but legally binding : they are enforced by the courts .
they are rules which are not merely morally but legally [tying] : they are enforced by the courts .

Property ( other than a legal estate in land ) may be transferred , and binding promises may be made to an infant , but in general he is unable to make a binding disposition of his property or to make binding promises to others .
property ( other than a legal estate in land ) may be transferred , and [tying] promises may be made to an infant , but in general he is unable to make a [tying] disposition of his property or to make [tying] promises to others .

It is clear that a payment made by him for goods bought is binding , though payment could not have been enforced against him .
it is clear that a payment made by him for goods bought is [tying] , though payment could not have been enforced against him .

Contracts for the loan of money and supply of goods to infants and ‘ accounts stated ’ with infants were made altogether void , while the possibility of ratification was taken away from all those contracts which required ratification to make them binding upon him after attaining full age ; and even a new promise to perform the contract , whether made upon a fresh consideration or not , could not be enforced by action .
contracts for the loan of money and supply of goods to infants and ‘ accounts stated ’ with infants were made altogether void , while the possibility of ratification was taken away from all those contracts which required ratification to make them [tying] upon him after attaining full age ; and even a new promise to perform the contract , whether made upon a fresh consideration or not , could not be enforced by action .

In some systems of law the disability of persons under full age is helped out by the powers of the parent or guardian , who can represent the child , and , by acting on his behalf or giving concurrence to his acts , can make dispositions of his property and contracts binding on him .
in some systems of law the disability of persons under full age is helped out by the powers of the parent or guardian , who can represent the child , and , by acting on his behalf or giving concurrence to his acts , can make dispositions of his property and contracts [tying] on him .

It could either provide that all married women should hold their property as their separate property — thus giving to all married women the right to dispose of their property and to make contracts binding it which formerly could only be given to them by a will or a settlement ; or it could adopt the more straightforward course of making the capacity of a married woman to own property , make contracts , and incur liability for torts the same as that of a man .
it could either provide that all married women should hold their property as their separate property — thus giving to all married women the right to dispose of their property and to make contracts [tying] it which formerly could only be given to them by a will or a settlement ; or it could adopt the more straightforward course of making the capacity of a married woman to own property , make contracts , and incur liability for torts the same as that of a man .

Liabilities for contracts and torts incurred by a married woman before marriage are binding on her , and also on her husband to the extent of any property which he may have acquired from her , as under a marriage settlement .
liabilities for contracts and torts incurred by a married woman before marriage are [tying] on her , and also on her husband to the extent of any property which he may have acquired from her , as under a marriage settlement .

Contracts made by any agent in pursuance of the principal 's instructions are binding on , and operate for the benefit of , the latter .
contracts made by any agent in pursuance of the principal 's instructions are [tying] on , and operate for the benefit of , the latter .

Such covenants , so far as they relate to the premises leased , are binding on and enforceable by assignees both of lessor and lessee .
such covenants , so far as they relate to the premises leased , are [tying] on and enforceable by assignees both of lessor and lessee .

If they can come to a binding agreement , the prisoners will both profess their innocence and be sentenced to two years .
if they can come to a [tying] agreement , the prisoners will both profess their innocence and be sentenced to two years .

Apart from their long walks and interminable conversations and evening singsong , or their expeditions to ancient monuments , he and Gwili and his cousins assisted with the harvest , binding sheaves and even mowing bracken with a scythe .
apart from their long walks and interminable conversations and evening singsong , or their expeditions to ancient monuments , he and gwili and his cousins assisted with the harvest , [tying] sheaves and even mowing bracken with a scythe .

Ranitidine binds to H2-receptors in the gut wall , preventing a natural body-chemical , histamine , from binding to them ( such drugs are known as H2-antagonists ) .
ranitidine binds to h2-receptors in the gut wall , preventing a natural body-chemical , histamine , from [tying] to them ( such drugs are known as h2-antagonists ) .

What idealists see as the ‘ binding in ’ of a powerful Germany , Mrs Thatcher would call being lashed to it .
what idealists see as the ‘ [tying] in ’ of a powerful germany , mrs thatcher would call being lashed to it .

They want secession from the union , not a new treaty binding them into it .
they want secession from the union , not a new treaty [tying] them into it .

No centrally imposed rules on countries ' budgetary policy ; instead , there will be ‘ binding procedures ’ .
no centrally imposed rules on countries ' budgetary policy ; instead , there will be ‘ [tying] procedures ’ .

This does not sound much more liberal than the old idea of binding rules .
this does not sound much more liberal than the old idea of [tying] rules .

The difference , says a senior commission official , is that ‘ binding procedures ’ means interfering only with the real basket-cases ( a euphemism for Greece , Italy and Belgium , which respectively run budget deficits of 19 % , 10 % , and 6 % of their GDPs ) .
the difference , says a senior commission official , is that ‘ [tying] procedures ’ means interfering only with the real basket-cases ( a euphemism for greece , italy and belgium , which respectively run budget deficits of 19 % , 10 % , and 6 % of their gdps ) .

Mr Jacques Delors has another reason for favouring binding procedures .
mr jacques delors has another reason for favouring [tying] procedures .

The verdict of the commission is now legally binding .
the verdict of the commission is now legally [tying] .

‘ If Britain now decides to meet the legally binding percentage reductions by importing low sulphur coal , or by burning gas , it will be accused of having twisted the other member states .
‘ if britain now decides to meet the legally [tying] percentage reductions by importing low sulphur coal , or by burning gas , it will be accused of having twisted the other member states .

During the discussions , it is clear that the Germans played a decisive role , insisting right at the end of the discussions ( at the penultimate meeting in March 1989 ) on binding rules on national budget deficits .
during the discussions , it is clear that the germans played a decisive role , insisting right at the end of the discussions ( at the penultimate meeting in march 1989 ) on [tying] rules on national budget deficits .

’ The Germans had shifted their position since the writing of the Delors Report : where they had previously wanted ‘ binding rules ’ for budget deficits , they now called for ‘ sanctions ’ to be available to the Community as a means of enforcing the bank 's decisions on recalcitrant member states .
’ the germans had shifted their position since the writing of the delors report : where they had previously wanted ‘ [tying] rules ’ for budget deficits , they now called for ‘ sanctions ’ to be available to the community as a means of enforcing the bank 's decisions on recalcitrant member states .

One suggestion has been that the Government would agree to amendments in December 1991 , with the reservation that these would not be binding upon the United Kingdom unless and until they had been ratified and approved by the United Kingdom parliament .
one suggestion has been that the government would agree to amendments in december 1991 , with the reservation that these would not be [tying] upon the united kingdom unless and until they had been ratified and approved by the united kingdom parliament .

Binding guarantees will be set locally for in-patient waiting times , starting with the operations where waiting causes most distress .
[tying] guarantees will be set locally for in-patient waiting times , starting with the operations where waiting causes most distress .

The successful bidder is under a binding contract to purchase the relevant property .
the successful bidder is under a [tying] contract to purchase the relevant property .

Legal & General is a founder member of the Insurance Ombudsman scheme and agrees — whatever the circumstances — to accept the Ombudsman 's decision as binding .
legal & general is a founder member of the insurance ombudsman scheme and agrees — whatever the circumstances — to accept the ombudsman 's decision as [tying] .

When a director dies , without a legally binding agreement his or her shares will not automatically to the surviving directors .
when a director dies , without a legally [tying] agreement his or her shares will not automatically to the surviving directors .

That is why you need a legally binding agreement which entitles the surviving directors to buy the shares of a director who dies .
that is why you need a legally [tying] agreement which entitles the surviving directors to buy the shares of a director who dies .

‘ Much Binding in the Marsh or something like that .
‘ much [tying] in the marsh or something like that .

On seat , left to right Italian open-weave wool throw with contrasting binding ( 260x270cm ) , £145 , from Collier Campbell .
on seat , left to right italian open-weave wool throw with contrasting [tying] ( 260x270cm ) , £145 , from collier campbell .

There was no question of Lewis abandoning the Moores , but the body does not always believe the evidence of its senses ; and from this time onwards Minto ( as Lewis had begun to call Janie , after a variety of sweet to which she was devoted ) began to develop a series of psychosomatic conditions which strengthened the ties binding him to her side .
there was no question of lewis abandoning the moores , but the body does not always believe the evidence of its senses ; and from this time onwards minto ( as lewis had begun to call janie , after a variety of sweet to which she was devoted ) began to develop a series of psychosomatic conditions which strengthened the ties [tying] him to her side .

This she sipped slowly , very conscious of the picture she made in her cream linen dress , her pale hair slightly but attractively disordered , Roman sandal thongs binding her long legs to the knee .
this she sipped slowly , very conscious of the picture she made in her cream linen dress , her pale hair slightly but attractively disordered , roman sandal thongs [tying] her long legs to the knee .

Undertakings to be won from the lairds binding themselves to undertake nothing punitive against tenants seen at meetings .
undertakings to be won from the lairds [tying] themselves to undertake nothing punitive against tenants seen at meetings .

The person who makes the arrangements with the funeral director may be considered to have entered into a binding contract , and become responsible for the cost , even if they are not related to the deceased .
the person who makes the arrangements with the funeral director may be considered to have entered into a [tying] contract , and become responsible for the cost , even if they are not related to the deceased .

Moreover , an ant under the sway of a dope-peddling caterpillar eventually enters a state called ‘ binding ’ , in which it becomes inseparable from its caterpillar for a period of many days .
moreover , an ant under the sway of a dope-peddling caterpillar eventually enters a state called ‘ [tying] ’ , in which it becomes inseparable from its caterpillar for a period of many days .

Whereas aphids rely on the ants ' normal aggression against predators , the caterpillar administers an aggression-arousing drug and it seems to slip them something addictively binding as well .
whereas aphids rely on the ants ' normal aggression against predators , the caterpillar administers an aggression-arousing drug and it seems to slip them something addictively [tying] as well .

As these wastes are broken down by physical , chemical , and bacterial action , they gradually form ‘ humus ’ , a highly important binding factor in the formation of stable soil crumbs or tilth and in the transformation of minerals into soluble plant nutrients .
as these wastes are broken down by physical , chemical , and bacterial action , they gradually form ‘ humus ’ , a highly important [tying] factor in the formation of stable soil crumbs or tilth and in the transformation of minerals into soluble plant nutrients .

The mowing of cereals for threshing involves binding into sheaves with the grain heads at one end .
the mowing of cereals for threshing involves [tying] into sheaves with the grain heads at one end .

One can find examples of paper that has become so brittle that pages break away from their binding at a touch , and if anyone tries to handle the pages pieces break off .
one can find examples of paper that has become so brittle that pages break away from their [tying] at a touch , and if anyone tries to handle the pages pieces break off .

Each scrap of news any one of them had about themselves or their immediate family — child , husband , dog , cat , Bendix dishwasher , a new dress or pair of shoes , the price of every article they bought — was as fascinating to each other as if it were their very own ; and any little thing out of Great Meadow was pure binding .
each scrap of news any one of them had about themselves or their immediate family — child , husband , dog , cat , bendix dishwasher , a new dress or pair of shoes , the price of every article they bought — was as fascinating to each other as if it were their very own ; and any little thing out of great meadow was pure [tying] .

International law can be defined as the framework of legal obligations which states view as being binding upon themselves .
international law can be defined as the framework of legal obligations which states view as being [tying] upon themselves .

As far as the company was concerned , as one drifted nearer to insolvency , any rescuer who appeared would have been welcome provided we 'd been absolutely assured at the critical time when the loss of £92m was announced that a rescue was legally binding , underwritten and in place .
as far as the company was concerned , as one drifted nearer to insolvency , any rescuer who appeared would have been welcome provided we 'd been absolutely assured at the critical time when the loss of £92m was announced that a rescue was legally [tying] , underwritten and in place .

It is impossible to exaggerate the revolutionary significance of the recognition of a binding judicial tribunal external to the realm .
it is impossible to exaggerate the revolutionary significance of the recognition of a [tying] judicial tribunal external to the realm .

This ceases to be possible where a document accepted as binding is bindingly interpreted by an external court .
this ceases to be possible where a document accepted as [tying] is bindingly interpreted by an external court .

But when Graham left later , with something of the earlier benignity still binding him and Phoebe together , he had asked ,
but when graham left later , with something of the earlier benignity still [tying] him and phoebe together , he had asked ,

The accountant , in conjunction with the lawyer , will advise the members of the band whether they should form a limited liability company before entering into any legally binding relationship with a record company .
the accountant , in conjunction with the lawyer , will advise the members of the band whether they should form a limited liability company before entering into any legally [tying] relationship with a record company .

Even though one was a long way from primitive promiscuity , binding individual marriage had not yet appeared .
even though one was a long way from primitive promiscuity , [tying] individual marriage had not yet appeared .

The pairing family differed from the monogamy of later states in that it was not a legally binding institution .
the pairing family differed from the monogamy of later states in that it was not a legally [tying] institution .

Because of this , if it involved binding , it was more a case of binding the man rather than the woman .
because of this , if it involved [tying] , it was more a case of [tying] the man rather than the woman .

How far unions are binding , how far they are exclusive , how long they last , whether they bind men and women equally , whether sexual unions are public or merely private matters , whether the recognition of unions is inevitably linked with the legitimation of children — all these questions and many more are so variable that many anthropologists would argue that is not possible to give a valid universal definition of marriage [ Leach , 1961 ] .
how far unions are [tying] , how far they are exclusive , how long they last , whether they bind men and women equally , whether sexual unions are public or merely private matters , whether the recognition of unions is inevitably linked with the legitimation of children — all these questions and many more are so variable that many anthropologists would argue that is not possible to give a valid universal definition of marriage [ leach , 1961 ] .

By nightfall , ten thousand victims of the explosion had invaded the Red Cross Hospital , and Dr Sasaki , worn out , was moving aimlessly and dully up and down the stinking corridors with wads of bandages and bottles , binding up the worst cuts as he came to them .
by nightfall , ten thousand victims of the explosion had invaded the red cross hospital , and dr sasaki , worn out , was moving aimlessly and dully up and down the stinking corridors with wads of bandages and bottles , [tying] up the worst cuts as he came to them .

The project , which was started in September 1990 , is tracing the sources and composition of the pigments and binding agents used by Rembrandt .
the project , which was started in september 1990 , is tracing the sources and composition of the pigments and [tying] agents used by rembrandt .

The authors should not that , contrary to their assertion , there is a large literature on the use of zeolites to amend soils , including evidence of useful caesium binding .
the authors should not that , contrary to their assertion , there is a large literature on the use of zeolites to amend soils , including evidence of useful caesium [tying] .

Binding a cyclopropyl residue at position 1 of the quinolone system gives a considerable improvement in antibacterial activity compared with the corresponding 1-ethyl-quinolonecarboxylic acid norfloxacin .
[tying] a cyclopropyl residue at position 1 of the quinolone system gives a considerable improvement in antibacterial activity compared with the corresponding 1-ethyl-quinolonecarboxylic acid norfloxacin .

That is why the story of the binding of Isaac in chapter 22 is so bewildering .
that is why the story of the [tying] of isaac in chapter 22 is so bewildering .

The binding of Isaac
the [tying] of isaac

The story of his binding makes clear that he remains so , and that he must be accepted as such .
the story of his [tying] makes clear that he remains so , and that he must be accepted as such .

Owen uses the story of the binding of Isaac to comment on the war in which he was fighting , and has given it a vicious twist at the end .
owen uses the story of the [tying] of isaac to comment on the war in which he was fighting , and has given it a vicious twist at the end .

In a very different , but no less brilliant way the compiler of Genesis gives the Abraham narrative a final twist by following the story of the binding by one concerning Abraham 's purchase of a burial plot .
in a very different , but no less brilliant way the compiler of genesis gives the abraham narrative a final twist by following the story of the [tying] by one concerning abraham 's purchase of a burial plot .

Yet apart from the story of his binding , a long account of the finding of a wife for him , for the bulk of which he is off stage , and a story about him on his death-bed which is primarily about his sons , Jacob and Esau , there is but one chapter devoted to him ( ch .
yet apart from the story of his [tying] , a long account of the finding of a wife for him , for the bulk of which he is off stage , and a story about him on his death-bed which is primarily about his sons , jacob and esau , there is but one chapter devoted to him ( ch .

We must stop , as we stopped at the end of the story of the binding of Isaac , that other story about God bringing a bearer of his promises to the brink of death , and ask more about what has been going on .
we must stop , as we stopped at the end of the story of the [tying] of isaac , that other story about god bringing a bearer of his promises to the brink of death , and ask more about what has been going on .

After the heroics of the binding of Isaac came comedy and a hero made into a fool .
after the heroics of the [tying] of isaac came comedy and a hero made into a fool .

The gardener found her a length of binding twine in a shed so that she could learn to skip .
the gardener found her a length of [tying] twine in a shed so that she could learn to skip .

And this was not the only occasion on which he protested , in the 1920s and 1930s , at having the precepts that were formulated to meet the special conditions of 1914 taken as absolute and binding for all poetic situations at all times .
and this was not the only occasion on which he protested , in the 1920s and 1930s , at having the precepts that were formulated to meet the special conditions of 1914 taken as absolute and [tying] for all poetic situations at all times .

As Pound confessed in another letter in 1933 : ‘ Most Cantos have in them ‘ binding matter ’ , i.e .
as pound confessed in another letter in 1933 : ‘ most cantos have in them ‘ [tying] matter ’ , i.e .

Although Mrs Thatcher 's opposition will prevent the declaration having any legal force , the Commission President , Mr Jacques Delors , made it clear he would be coming forward with detailed proposals on a range of minimum social rights for workers in the 1992 single market over the next 12 months — some of which would have binding legal force throughout the Community .
although mrs thatcher 's opposition will prevent the declaration having any legal force , the commission president , mr jacques delors , made it clear he would be coming forward with detailed proposals on a range of minimum social rights for workers in the 1992 single market over the next 12 months — some of which would have [tying] legal force throughout the community .

The code will not be binding , but broadcasters will be asked to ‘ reflect the general effect ’ relevant to the programmes in question .
the code will not be [tying] , but broadcasters will be asked to ‘ reflect the general effect ’ relevant to the programmes in question .

The code will not be binding , but broadcasters will be asked to ‘ reflect the general effect ’ relevant to the programmes in question .
the code will not be [tying] , but broadcasters will be asked to ‘ reflect the general effect ’ relevant to the programmes in question .

The freedom of the Secretary of State to depart from the recommendations of the National Curriculum Council ( to which proposals on attainment targets and programmes of study must be referred ) , as in effect happened in the case of the history curriculum , stands in marked contrast to the restrictions binding teachers under the National Curriculum . The tone of the guidance issued in 1989 suggests little flexibility :
the freedom of the secretary of state to depart from the recommendations of the national curriculum council ( to which proposals on attainment targets and programmes of study must be referred ) , as in effect happened in the case of the history curriculum , stands in marked contrast to the restrictions [tying] teachers under the national curriculum . the tone of the guidance issued in 1989 suggests little flexibility :

Kinship is binding and permanent but permits no choice of personnel , the individual must accept the relatives he has .
kinship is [tying] and permanent but permits no choice of personnel , the individual must accept the relatives he has .

Lawyers say that the original reasons merge into the decision of the arbitrator or the judgment of a court , which , if binding , becomes res judicata .
lawyers say that the original reasons merge into the decision of the arbitrator or the judgment of a court , which , if [tying] , becomes res judicata .

Note that the decrees of such a body will be binding even if they in fact err as to what people 's obligations are .
note that the decrees of such a body will be [tying] even if they in fact err as to what people 's obligations are .

The arbitrator 's decision is binding even if mistaken and so are the decrees of our imagined legislator .
the arbitrator 's decision is [tying] even if mistaken and so are the decrees of our imagined legislator .

Remember also that the thesis is not that authoritative determinations are binding only if they correctly reflect the reasons on which they depend .
remember also that the thesis is not that authoritative determinations are [tying] only if they correctly reflect the reasons on which they depend .

On the contrary , there is no point in having authorities unless their determinations are binding even if mistaken ( though some mistakes may disqualify them ) .
on the contrary , there is no point in having authorities unless their determinations are [tying] even if mistaken ( though some mistakes may disqualify them ) .

It turns on the general relation between the justification for a binding directive and its status as a reason for action , and more generally on the relation between rules as reasons for action and their justification .
it turns on the general relation between the justification for a [tying] directive and its status as a reason for action , and more generally on the relation between rules as reasons for action and their justification .

Either the directive or the reasons for holding it to be binding should be counted but not both .
either the directive or the reasons for holding it to be [tying] should be counted but not both .

Since the justification of the binding force of authoritative directives rests on dependent reasons , the reasons on which they depend are ( to the extent that the directives are regarded simply as authoritative ) replaced rather than added to by those directives .
since the justification of the [tying] force of authoritative directives rests on dependent reasons , the reasons on which they depend are ( to the extent that the directives are regarded simply as authoritative ) replaced rather than added to by those directives .

Because authorities do not have the right to impose completely independent duties on people , because their directives should reflect dependent reasons which are binding on those people in any case , they have the right to replace people 's own judgment on the merits of the case .
because authorities do not have the right to impose completely independent duties on people , because their directives should reflect dependent reasons which are [tying] on those people in any case , they have the right to replace people 's own judgment on the merits of the case .

They are the justification for its binding force .
they are the justification for its [tying] force .

They are reasons for holding that it is not binding .
they are reasons for holding that it is not [tying] .

Reasons which authoritative directives should , but fail to , reflect are none the less among the reasons which justify holding the directives binding .
reasons which authoritative directives should , but fail to , reflect are none the less among the reasons which justify holding the directives [tying] .

But as the directives are binding only if they do not deviate much from right reason and as we should act on them only if they are binding , we always have to go back to fundamentals .
but as the directives are [tying] only if they do not deviate much from right reason and as we should act on them only if they are [tying] , we always have to go back to fundamentals .

They are not binding as authoritative directives , though the circumstances of the case may require giving them some weight if , for example , others innocently have relied on them .
they are not [tying] as authoritative directives , though the circumstances of the case may require giving them some weight if , for example , others innocently have relied on them .

Other mistakes do not affect the binding force of the directives .
other mistakes do not affect the [tying] force of the directives .

They instruct people how to take binding directives , and when to acknowledge that they are binding .
they instruct people how to take [tying] directives , and when to acknowledge that they are [tying] .

Since their directives are binding even when mistaken , they do then make a difference .
since their directives are [tying] even when mistaken , they do then make a difference .

If it is binding on individuals it has to be justified by considerations which bind them .
if it is [tying] on individuals it has to be justified by considerations which bind them .

First it denies it the right to impose certain obligations , denies that some laws if enacted will be binding .
first it denies it the right to impose certain obligations , denies that some laws if enacted will be [tying] .

Remember that sometimes immoral or unjust laws may be authoritatively binding , at least on some people .
remember that sometimes immoral or unjust laws may be authoritatively [tying] , at least on some people .

It does not follow that it is binding .
it does not follow that it is [tying] .

It is binding only if there are good reasons to enable people to subject themselves to political authorities by their consent .
it is [tying] only if there are good reasons to enable people to subject themselves to political authorities by their consent .

These costs of consent to political authority suggest that , on instrumental grounds , consent can only be held binding if it is so qualified that its effect is almost entirely confined to reinforcing independently existing obligations to obey .
these costs of consent to political authority suggest that , on instrumental grounds , consent can only be held [tying] if it is so qualified that its effect is almost entirely confined to reinforcing independently existing obligations to obey .

Such a consent is binding , and is not trivial as it reinforces one 's motivation to respect that government 's authority .
such a consent is [tying] , and is not trivial as it reinforces one 's motivation to respect that government 's authority .

Does non-instrumental justification relax the conditions under which consent to authority is binding ?
does non-instrumental justification relax the conditions under which consent to authority is [tying] ?

To say this , of course , does not mean that the consent is not binding on the agent .
to say this , of course , does not mean that the consent is not [tying] on the agent .

It is precisely because it is thought to be binding that it can serve as an expression of identification .
it is precisely because it is thought to be [tying] that it can serve as an expression of identification .

It is binding only if the conditions of the normal justification thesis are substantially met independently of the consent .
it is [tying] only if the conditions of the normal justification thesis are substantially met independently of the consent .

Where identification is a morally valuable attitude which can be expressed by binding oneself to the authority , one has a reason to do so which is served by consent to the authority .
where identification is a morally valuable attitude which can be expressed by [tying] oneself to the authority , one has a reason to do so which is served by consent to the authority .

The whole point of the consent would be violated if , having given it , one proceeded to deny the binding force of the authority 's directives .
the whole point of the consent would be violated if , having given it , one proceeded to deny the [tying] force of the authority 's directives .

Nothing here said denies that one reason for holding voluntary undertakings to be binding is to enable people to encourage reliance by committing themselves to a course of action .
nothing here said denies that one reason for holding voluntary undertakings to be [tying] is to enable people to encourage reliance by committing themselves to a course of action .

He fails to spot that the core element of consent is action in the belief that it changes the normative situation , and that the justification of the binding force of valid consents is the desirability of enabling people purposefully to change the normative situation in certain circumstances .
he fails to spot that the core element of consent is action in the belief that it changes the normative situation , and that the justification of the [tying] force of valid consents is the desirability of enabling people purposefully to change the normative situation in certain circumstances .

The normal exercise of political authority is by the making of laws and legally binding orders .
the normal exercise of political authority is by the making of laws and legally [tying] orders .

First , some accept its authority and obey its instructions because they are binding on them .
first , some accept its authority and obey its instructions because they are [tying] on them .

This overriding goal entails that the best constitutional arrangements each person can reach while acting in conformity with his own moral ideals are morally valid , and since the commonly agreed upon arrangements are so regarded by everyone , they are morally binding on all .
this overriding goal entails that the best constitutional arrangements each person can reach while acting in conformity with his own moral ideals are morally valid , and since the commonly agreed upon arrangements are so regarded by everyone , they are morally [tying] on all .

In any case , the argument was quite remote from Lenin 's preoccupation with binding up the wounds of national estrangement .
in any case , the argument was quite remote from lenin 's preoccupation with [tying] up the wounds of national estrangement .

If this is not possible , the case may then be referred to the European Court of Human Rights , whose decision on the matter will be binding on the nation concerned .
if this is not possible , the case may then be referred to the european court of human rights , whose decision on the matter will be [tying] on the nation concerned .

Part of the binding mechanism may involve ions like calcium , so when calcium is removed , the cells of some early embryos just separate into individual cells , and restoring the calcium causes the cells to adhere again .
part of the [tying] mechanism may involve ions like calcium , so when calcium is removed , the cells of some early embryos just separate into individual cells , and restoring the calcium causes the cells to adhere again .

Antibodies are proteins that are specific in binding to different molecules ; thus antibodies can be made which recognize only one kind of molecule on the cell surface .
antibodies are proteins that are specific in [tying] to different molecules ; thus antibodies can be made which recognize only one kind of molecule on the cell surface .

binding the outline of farms
[tying] the outline of farms

It was in a thick blue binding and its antique look — the paper was ruled in the way Henry remembered books of his childhood being ruled — gave it the air of a family bible .
it was in a thick blue [tying] and its antique look — the paper was ruled in the way henry remembered books of his childhood being ruled — gave it the air of a family bible .

After the Civil War , a Fourteenth Amendment was added binding state legislatures and courts in similar terms , so that protection against prior censorship was guaranteed , but not protection against proceedings for obscenity .
after the civil war , a fourteenth amendment was added [tying] state legislatures and courts in similar terms , so that protection against prior censorship was guaranteed , but not protection against proceedings for obscenity .

Visitors will witness the process of producing printed materials , including the production of artwork , planning and platemaking , single and multi-colour printing , guillotining and binding , as well as gaining an insight into management , administration and quality control .
visitors will witness the process of producing printed materials , including the production of artwork , planning and platemaking , single and multi-colour printing , guillotining and [tying] , as well as gaining an insight into management , administration and quality control .

The initial agreement was a statement of principle rather than a binding promise , whereby it was agreed that countries should make every effort to ‘ use the best available technology that is economically feasible ’ to limit air pollution .
the initial agreement was a statement of principle rather than a [tying] promise , whereby it was agreed that countries should make every effort to ‘ use the best available technology that is economically feasible ’ to limit air pollution .

The hard campaigning continued and two years later , in 1985 , 21 countries signed the Helsinki Protocol , a legally binding agreement equivalent to the demands of the Thirty Per Cent Club .
the hard campaigning continued and two years later , in 1985 , 21 countries signed the helsinki protocol , a legally [tying] agreement equivalent to the demands of the thirty per cent club .

The public covenant is underwritten by an emotional covenant , partly unconscious , and binding in its claims .
the public covenant is underwritten by an emotional covenant , partly unconscious , and [tying] in its claims .

It is a half-way house , an intermediate commitment with no binding promises for the future and a built-in escape route .
it is a half-way house , an intermediate commitment with no [tying] promises for the future and a built-in escape route .

He said , ‘ The one who is contained feels himself living entirely within the confines of his marriage ; outside the marriage there exist no essential obligations and no binding interests .
he said , ‘ the one who is contained feels himself living entirely within the confines of his marriage ; outside the marriage there exist no essential obligations and no [tying] interests .

‘ It 's fine , ’ she said , but as soon as she took a few practice steps forward , the edges of the bale , on either side of the binding rope .
‘ it 's fine , ’ she said , but as soon as she took a few practice steps forward , the edges of the bale , on either side of the [tying] rope .

In spite of his plans , as late as January 1938 Hitler told Colonel Beck that he considered the Danzig arrangements binding , that he thought it possible to accommodate Poland and that he had no territorial claims to make .
in spite of his plans , as late as january 1938 hitler told colonel beck that he considered the danzig arrangements [tying] , that he thought it possible to accommodate poland and that he had no territorial claims to make .

The bunch pulled out by the weathercock had left the rest of the twigs loose in their binding .
the bunch pulled out by the weathercock had left the rest of the twigs loose in their [tying] .

At a nearby hotel next morning a binding offer was made for Jackson 's transfer to Huddersfield .
at a nearby hotel next morning a [tying] offer was made for jackson 's transfer to huddersfield .

the number of new books published per annum , broken down by subjects ; the length of life of stock on the open shelves ( depreciation rate ) ; the risen costs of books and binding on the previous year 's fund ; and the range and condition of the existing stock .
the number of new books published per annum , broken down by subjects ; the length of life of stock on the open shelves ( depreciation rate ) ; the risen costs of books and [tying] on the previous year 's fund ; and the range and condition of the existing stock .

Binding costs are normally estimated separately .
[tying] costs are normally estimated separately .

Graham ( whose chapter on budgeting and allocating is essential reading ) reports a survey of 23 university libraries he carried out in 1985 , in which 14 of the library grants covered only non-staffing costs ( books , periodicals , binding and operational money ) , whilst the other nine included staffing , though usually with severe limitations on virement between staffing and other sub-heads .
graham ( whose chapter on budgeting and allocating is essential reading ) reports a survey of 23 university libraries he carried out in 1985 , in which 14 of the library grants covered only non-staffing costs ( books , periodicals , [tying] and operational money ) , whilst the other nine included staffing , though usually with severe limitations on virement between staffing and other sub-heads .

The breakdown of expenditure for the libraries concerned showed ( all median percentages ) : books 19 % ; serials 15 % ; staff 56 % ; binding 5 % ; sundries 6 % .
the breakdown of expenditure for the libraries concerned showed ( all median percentages ) : books 19 % ; serials 15 % ; staff 56 % ; [tying] 5 % ; sundries 6 % .

To these might be added ‘ binding ’ , which in the case of journals is often the most common reason for non-availability .
to these might be added ‘ [tying] ’ , which in the case of journals is often the most common reason for non-availability .

For binding
for [tying]

Sorting through stock on library shelves usually involves a number of other activities not strictly described by the term ‘ weeding ’ — for instance , identifying books for binding , replacement , cleaning , etc .
sorting through stock on library shelves usually involves a number of other activities not strictly described by the term ‘ weeding ’ — for instance , identifying books for [tying] , replacement , cleaning , etc .

Secondly , its appearance is less attractive than an unbound book , which carries the original dust jacket intact ( though there are still a handful of traditionalists or binding fetishists who prefer the appearance of a library binding to a laminated dust jacket ) .
secondly , its appearance is less attractive than an unbound book , which carries the original dust jacket intact ( though there are still a handful of traditionalists or [tying] fetishists who prefer the appearance of a library [tying] to a laminated dust jacket ) .

The cost of replacement should be compared with the cost of binding as another factor influencing a decision .
the cost of replacement should be compared with the cost of [tying] as another factor influencing a decision .

As a general rule books intended to attract ‘ browsing ’ readers are much less likely to warrant binding .
as a general rule books intended to attract ‘ browsing ’ readers are much less likely to warrant [tying] .

Binding is most appropriate for books which are specifically sought , by author or title , irrespective of their appearance .
[tying] is most appropriate for books which are specifically sought , by author or title , irrespective of their appearance .

Most library suppliers produce ‘ library editions ’ of fiction by buying up sets of book sheets from the publishers , adding double strength reinforcing and laminating the dust jackets on to their own boards — the end result having far greater durability than a publisher 's casing , and avoiding the need for binding after a couple of years ' use .
most library suppliers produce ‘ library editions ’ of fiction by buying up sets of book sheets from the publishers , adding double strength reinforcing and laminating the dust jackets on to their own boards — the end result having far greater durability than a publisher 's casing , and avoiding the need for [tying] after a couple of years ' use .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal was not satisfied that this amounted to a binding agreement , but held that even if it did , it would have been rendered void because it would have been an agreement purporting to preclude the employee from presenting a complaint to a tribunal .
the employment appeal tribunal was not satisfied that this amounted to a [tying] agreement , but held that even if it did , it would have been rendered void because it would have been an agreement purporting to preclude the employee from presenting a complaint to a tribunal .

Even after your job has clearly come to an end , you need to beware of breaking obligations that remain legally binding upon you , such as the duty not to disclose trade secrets .
even after your job has clearly come to an end , you need to beware of breaking obligations that remain legally [tying] upon you , such as the duty not to disclose trade secrets .

To Sara , more hard-pressed than ever at Lime Street , the intellectual and emotional sympathy binding Coleridge and Dorothy must have been both apparent and distressing , even if Dorothy , in De Quincey 's words , was a woman possessing ‘ no personal charms ’ : on only the second day of the visit Coleridge and Dorothy were occupied together correcting his poems for the new edition while Sara was left to carry the domestic burdens of the teeming cottage .
to sara , more hard-pressed than ever at lime street , the intellectual and emotional sympathy [tying] coleridge and dorothy must have been both apparent and distressing , even if dorothy , in de quincey 's words , was a woman possessing ‘ no personal charms ’ : on only the second day of the visit coleridge and dorothy were occupied together correcting his poems for the new edition while sara was left to carry the domestic burdens of the teeming cottage .

These monographs are not only binding in the member countries , but also carry the force of law in the British Commonwealth and in former colonies of France , Spain and Belgium .
these monographs are not only [tying] in the member countries , but also carry the force of law in the british commonwealth and in former colonies of france , spain and belgium .

The pathogenesis of this finding is not known but it appears to be unrelated to any effect of the diabetic state on platelet prostacyclin receptors as prostacyclin binding appears to be normal in diabetic platelets ( Shepherd et al , 1983 ) .
the pathogenesis of this finding is not known but it appears to be unrelated to any effect of the diabetic state on platelet prostacyclin receptors as prostacyclin [tying] appears to be normal in diabetic platelets ( shepherd et al , 1983 ) .

Within the financial horizons of a working-class man after the Great War , police pay , including allowances , small increments , and pension , was both tempting and binding .
within the financial horizons of a working-class man after the great war , police pay , including allowances , small increments , and pension , was both tempting and [tying] .

The pension was the ultimate , binding , financial carrot .
the pension was the ultimate , [tying] , financial carrot .

The activities of moth larvae feeding on the fur or feathers binding the pellets together result in their breakdown even in dry conditions , although it may take several years for pellets to completely disintegrate .
the activities of moth larvae feeding on the fur or feathers [tying] the pellets together result in their breakdown even in dry conditions , although it may take several years for pellets to completely disintegrate .

The draft orders are again the subject of consultation , following which parliamentary approval turns them into legal binding requirements .
the draft orders are again the subject of consultation , following which parliamentary approval turns them into legal [tying] requirements .

Said Lord Templeton , and ‘ Prosecution , defence and magistracy must be able to determine whether an offence has been committed without recourse to vague or disputed recollections … which might or might not constitute consent , binding on the local authority ’ .
said lord templeton , and ‘ prosecution , defence and magistracy must be able to determine whether an offence has been committed without recourse to vague or disputed recollections … which might or might not constitute consent , [tying] on the local authority ’ .

When a set of bindings of anaphors to possible referents is deemed implausible , the plausibility checker should be able to say , where appropriate , which binding ( or subset of the bindings ) is causing the problem , and the rest of the system should react to this information intelligently and make relevant changes .
when a set of bindings of anaphors to possible referents is deemed implausible , the plausibility checker should be able to say , where appropriate , which [tying] ( or subset of the bindings ) is causing the problem , and the rest of the system should react to this information intelligently and make relevant changes .

Any decision taken by the individual , head or subcommittee with delegated authority is binding on the whole governing body .
any decision taken by the individual , head or subcommittee with delegated authority is [tying] on the whole governing body .

He became angry and frustrated , having struggled so hard to rise above his humble background to become a physician , and the marriage he had seen as his link to success was more like a chain binding him to the spoilt daughter of the man whose position he envied .
he became angry and frustrated , having struggled so hard to rise above his humble background to become a physician , and the marriage he had seen as his link to success was more like a chain [tying] him to the spoilt daughter of the man whose position he envied .

She had clung equally hard , her little arms binding like rope round the warm , soft neck .
she had clung equally hard , her little arms [tying] like rope round the warm , soft neck .

She reached for the knife at her calf , and began cutting the rigging binding her legs .
she reached for the knife at her calf , and began cutting the rigging [tying] her legs .

Only in the most pressing circumstances could members be expected to release customers from the binding legal contracts which they had entered into freely .
only in the most pressing circumstances could members be expected to release customers from the [tying] legal contracts which they had entered into freely .

By these , creditors would meet to consider proposals for a voluntary arrangement which would be binding on a dissenting minority , and approve a trustee .
by these , creditors would meet to consider proposals for a voluntary arrangement which would be [tying] on a dissenting minority , and approve a trustee .

There are four binding sites symmetrically arranged on each of its six faces .
there are four [tying] sites symmetrically arranged on each of its six faces .

There are several stages at which binding of the oligonucleotide could inhibit virus production .
there are several stages at which [tying] of the oligonucleotide could inhibit virus production .

The hope is that these peptides might compete with the virus proteins for binding to the receptor molecules .
the hope is that these peptides might compete with the virus proteins for [tying] to the receptor molecules .

When viruses succeed in binding to cell membrane receptors they still have to enter the cell and break up into separated proteins and genetic material before they can replicate .
when viruses succeed in [tying] to cell membrane receptors they still have to enter the cell and break up into separated proteins and genetic material before they can replicate .

The two-year moratorium is not binding , and Britain , which is responsible for 90 per cent of all radioactive waste dumped at sea , has already said that it will not comply with the ban .
the two-year moratorium is not [tying] , and britain , which is responsible for 90 per cent of all radioactive waste dumped at sea , has already said that it will not comply with the ban .

Originally two Pacific island countries Kiribati and Nauru , who fear Japan 's plans to dispose of radioactive waste near their shores , tabled a binding amendment adding radioactive waste to the convention 's annex of banned substances .
originally two pacific island countries kiribati and nauru , who fear japan 's plans to dispose of radioactive waste near their shores , tabled a [tying] amendment adding radioactive waste to the convention 's annex of banned substances .

This suffices to keep the arms race a stable outcome , in the absence of mechanisms for making agreements between the players that are seen as absolutely binding and enforceable ( mechanisms that seem conspicuous by their absence in real life ) .
this suffices to keep the arms race a stable outcome , in the absence of mechanisms for making agreements between the players that are seen as absolutely [tying] and enforceable ( mechanisms that seem conspicuous by their absence in real life ) .

This model allows us to calculate the average trends in the binding energies of nuclei , but it predicts incorrectly that all nuclei should have a spherical shape , which varies as the cube root of the atomic weight , just as the radius of a liquid drop varies as the cube root of its mass .
this model allows us to calculate the average trends in the [tying] energies of nuclei , but it predicts incorrectly that all nuclei should have a spherical shape , which varies as the cube root of the atomic weight , just as the radius of a liquid drop varies as the cube root of its mass .

Platelet binding falls after the menopause and rises in women using the Pill .
platelet [tying] falls after the menopause and rises in women using the pill .

Instead the MEPs renewed their demand for a directive , based on the World Health Organisation 's code , that would be binding on the industry .
instead the meps renewed their demand for a directive , based on the world health organisation 's code , that would be [tying] on the industry .

In other words oxygen binding is reversible .
in other words oxygen [tying] is reversible .

Since then chemists have been trying to model haemoglobin 's reversible oxygen binding .
since then chemists have been trying to model haemoglobin 's reversible oxygen [tying] .

Further , acknowledgement of the fact that ‘ gods ’ have always been man-made , would also acknowledge that what has happened in the past has no binding effect , in short , humanity can at any time reconsider its ideas of ‘ god ’ and keep them abreast of its progress in all other fields .
further , acknowledgement of the fact that ‘ gods ’ have always been man-made , would also acknowledge that what has happened in the past has no [tying] effect , in short , humanity can at any time reconsider its ideas of ‘ god ’ and keep them abreast of its progress in all other fields .

Besides those things which a partner is actually authorised to do by the terms of the partnership , any other of his acts which would be part of the usual conduct of a business of the type carried on by his firm will also be binding .
besides those things which a partner is actually authorised to do by the terms of the partnership , any other of his acts which would be part of the usual conduct of a business of the type carried on by his firm will also be [tying] .

Their instincts are a tight binding of mental or subtle structure and they are constrained to act accordingly .
their instincts are a tight [tying] of mental or subtle structure and they are constrained to act accordingly .

Parker adds that , ‘ Changing the size of the cyclodextrin 's hydrophobic binding pocket allows us to detect dopamine down to 10 -6 mol dm -3 ' .
parker adds that , ‘ changing the size of the cyclodextrin 's hydrophobic [tying] pocket allows us to detect dopamine down to 10 -6 mol dm -3 ' .

Analyte affinity constants of antibodies are at least an order of magnitude greater than those of enzymes , so much higher sensitivity is possible , but it is difficult to extract a detectable signal from the binding event .
analyte affinity constants of antibodies are at least an order of magnitude greater than those of enzymes , so much higher sensitivity is possible , but it is difficult to extract a detectable signal from the [tying] event .

Here , with a surface immobilisation of an antibody binding of analyte ( antigen ) and antibody can generate a direct change in a surface optical property which can then be examined by the evanescent ( decaying ) wave from the waveguide surface .
here , with a surface immobilisation of an antibody [tying] of analyte ( antigen ) and antibody can generate a direct change in a surface optical property which can then be examined by the evanescent ( decaying ) wave from the waveguide surface .

Such monoclonal ‘ designer ’ antibodies from hybridoma cell lines have not yielded antibodies with acceptable binding reversibility , but these could be ‘ tailored ’ by using chemically modified antibodies , antibody subcomponents and synthetic polypeptides .
such monoclonal ‘ designer ’ antibodies from hybridoma cell lines have not yielded antibodies with acceptable [tying] reversibility , but these could be ‘ tailored ’ by using chemically modified antibodies , antibody subcomponents and synthetic polypeptides .

Mammalian cell receptors can have high solute binding affinity , but also allow for rapid on/off binding kinetics .
mammalian cell receptors can have high solute [tying] affinity , but also allow for rapid on/off [tying] kinetics .

The traditional way to cook them was fry them alive in hot bacon fat , then add an egg , which had the effect of binding them together .
the traditional way to cook them was fry them alive in hot bacon fat , then add an egg , which had the effect of [tying] them together .

The race has always been known as le grand boucle , the great belt , a circuit binding together a large and various country whose distant regions — Provence and Picardy , Brittany and Savoy — knew little of each other .
the race has always been known as le grand boucle , the great belt , a circuit [tying] together a large and various country whose distant regions — provence and picardy , brittany and savoy — knew little of each other .

In consequence , the unprotected soil , depleted of binding organic matter , was rapidly eroded by wind especially and desert dunes encroached .
in consequence , the unprotected soil , depleted of [tying] organic matter , was rapidly eroded by wind especially and desert dunes encroached .

As Zachar ( 1982 ) has described , the poor cohesiveness of loess soils , due to the paucity of binding colloids , means that they are characterised by high erodibility which is made worse by leaching that rapidly removes cations like calcium and magnesium .
as zachar ( 1982 ) has described , the poor cohesiveness of loess soils , due to the paucity of [tying] colloids , means that they are characterised by high erodibility which is made worse by leaching that rapidly removes cations like calcium and magnesium .

True , the Gettysburg Address was not legally binding , but preambles are never meant to have the status of positive law .
true , the gettysburg address was not legally [tying] , but preambles are never meant to have the status of positive law .

Secular legal systems could not possibly be more demanding , more deferential to authority , than religious cultures that believe that their binding legal principles were declared by God .
secular legal systems could not possibly be more demanding , more deferential to authority , than religious cultures that believe that their [tying] legal principles were declared by god .

Only the accepted practice of generations prescribes that the queen must sign legislation for it to be binding as law or that the queen may intervene , under certain circumstances , to break a party deadlock and select a nominee for prime minister.19 In all systems of customary law , the relevant perspective is not that of those who first engage in the practice but rather of those who witness the pattern of the past and adopt it as binding on themselves .
only the accepted practice of generations prescribes that the queen must sign legislation for it to be [tying] as law or that the queen may intervene , under certain circumstances , to break a party deadlock and select a nominee for prime minister.19 in all systems of customary law , the relevant perspective is not that of those who first engage in the practice but rather of those who witness the pattern of the past and adopt it as [tying] on themselves .

We have to be mindful of the prospect that the values of the Secret Constitution might play themselves out more effectively as the informal restraints of civil society rather than as binding rules of law .
we have to be mindful of the prospect that the values of the secret constitution might play themselves out more effectively as the informal restraints of civil society rather than as [tying] rules of law .

Estrogen acts by binding to a specific receptor protein ; think of the estrogen as a “ key ” and the receptor as a “ lock. ” Generate sixty-four million diVerent small proteins , called peptides , say , six amino acids in length .
estrogen acts by [tying] to a specific receptor protein ; think of the estrogen as a “ key ” and the receptor as a “ lock. ” generate sixty-four million diverent small proteins , called peptides , say , six amino acids in length .

In fact , George found nineteen diVerent hexamers binding to his monoclonal antibody .
in fact , george found nineteen diverent hexamers [tying] to his monoclonal antibody .

They conceived of an abstract shape space with perhaps seven or eight “ dimensions. ” Three of these dimensions would correspond to the three spatial dimensions , length , height , and width of a molecular binding site .
they conceived of an abstract shape space with perhaps seven or eight “ dimensions. ” three of these dimensions would correspond to the three spatial dimensions , length , height , and width of a molecular [tying] site .

Other dimensions might correspond to physical properties of the binding sites of molecules , such as charge , dipole moment , and hydrophobicity .
other dimensions might correspond to physical properties of the [tying] sites of molecules , such as charge , dipole moment , and hydrophobicity .

100 million antibody molecules is all we need to recognize virtually any shape of the size scale of molecular binding sites .
100 million antibody molecules is all we need to recognize virtually any shape of the size scale of molecular [tying] sites .

If one molecule binding to a second molecule can be thought of as carrying out a “ binding task , ” then about a hundred million diVerent molecules may constitute a universal toolbox for all molecular binding tasks .
if one molecule [tying] to a second molecule can be thought of as carrying out a “ [tying] task , ” then about a hundred million diverent molecules may constitute a universal toolbox for all molecular [tying] tasks .

If we can now create libraries with 100 trillion diVerent proteins , a millionfold in excess of the universal library , we are in a position to begin to study molecular binding in earnest .
if we can now create libraries with 100 trillion diverent proteins , a millionfold in excess of the universal library , we are in a position to begin to study molecular [tying] in earnest .

The deformed molecule is called the “ transition state. ” According to transition state theory , an enzyme works by binding to and stabilizing the transition state molecule , thereby lowering the potential barrier of the reaction .
the deformed molecule is called the “ transition state. ” according to transition state theory , an enzyme works by [tying] to and stabilizing the transition state molecule , thereby lowering the potential barrier of the reaction .

Think of a catalytic task space , in which a point represents a catalytic task , where a catalytic task is the binding of a transition state of a reaction .
think of a catalytic task space , in which a point represents a catalytic task , where a catalytic task is the [tying] of a transition state of a reaction .

Antibody molecules binding to this transition state analogue are tested .
antibody molecules [tying] to this transition state analogue are tested .

In short , among the radical implications of molecular diversity is that we already possess hundreds of millions of diVerent molecular functions = binding , catalytic , structural , and otherwise .
in short , among the radical implications of molecular diversity is that we already possess hundreds of millions of diverent molecular functions = [tying] , catalytic , structural , and otherwise .

Genes that encode proteins are the structural genes ; the binding of the protein , or several proteins at a set of nearby cis sites , can turn the second structural gene on or o .
genes that encode proteins are the structural genes ; the [tying] of the protein , or several proteins at a set of nearby cis sites , can turn the second structural gene on or o .

More generally , the binding of diusible factors , called “ trans acting factors , ” to cis sites , can tune graded rates of transcription of the nearby structural gene .
more generally , the [tying] of diusible factors , called “ trans acting factors , ” to cis sites , can tune graded rates of transcription of the nearby structural gene .

Steve had carefully read about sixty papers on regulated genes with K = known inputs , where the data was available at the level of actual binding of trans acting factors to cis sites and the turning on of transcription .
steve had carefully read about sixty papers on regulated genes with k = known inputs , where the data was available at the level of actual [tying] of trans acting factors to cis sites and the turning on of transcription .

If the thousands of cis sites can be cloned , each can be used to anity purify the trans factors binding it .
if the thousands of cis sites can be cloned , each can be used to anity purify the trans factors [tying] it .

Binding a ligand to a receptor may trigger a complicated sequence of reactions leading to the synthesis of hundreds of dierent molecular species .
[tying] a ligand to a receptor may trigger a complicated sequence of reactions leading to the synthesis of hundreds of dierent molecular species .

The enzyme diuses to the A-and-B-laden region of the membrane and binds stereospecifically to the transition state leading from A and B to the products C and D. By binding the transition state complex of this reaction pathway , the enzyme lowers the potential barrier for the A + B ÷ C + D reaction , and the chemical energy stored in A + B is released to form C + D .
the enzyme diuses to the a-and-b-laden region of the membrane and binds stereospecifically to the transition state leading from a and b to the products c and d. by [tying] the transition state complex of this reaction pathway , the enzyme lowers the potential barrier for the a + b ÷ c + d reaction , and the chemical energy stored in a + b is released to form c + d .

The detailed causal machinery involves transfer RNA molecules with their anticodon site and the distant site to which amino acids are attached , the aminoacyle transferase enzymes that charge the amino acid binding site of each transfer RNA with the proper amino acid among the twenty amino acids , the binding of the charged transfer RNA ’ s anticodon site to the proper RNA code word triplet , the ribosome that glides between adjacent charged transfer RNA molecules and links the successive amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain that hangs free in the cytoplasm , tethered by the ribosome to the messenger RNA molecule as it is “ translated . ”
the detailed causal machinery involves transfer rna molecules with their anticodon site and the distant site to which amino acids are attached , the aminoacyle transferase enzymes that charge the amino acid [tying] site of each transfer rna with the proper amino acid among the twenty amino acids , the [tying] of the charged transfer rna ’ s anticodon site to the proper rna code word triplet , the ribosome that glides between adjacent charged transfer rna molecules and links the successive amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain that hangs free in the cytoplasm , tethered by the ribosome to the messenger rna molecule as it is “ translated . ”

The same is true of the transfer RNA where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid binding site .
the same is true of the transfer rna where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid [tying] site .

Because of this , which amino acid is charged onto a particular transfer RNA is utterly arbitrary and controlled by the aminoacyle transferase enzyme that does the charging , plus the structure of the amino acid binding site on the transfer RNA .
because of this , which amino acid is charged onto a particular transfer rna is utterly arbitrary and controlled by the aminoacyle transferase enzyme that does the charging , plus the structure of the amino acid [tying] site on the transfer rna .

As noted before , according to transition state theory a catalytic task corresponds to a catalyst binding the distorted , hence high-energy , molecular configuration corresponding to the transition state of a reaction with high aYnity and binding the substrate and product states with , in general , lower aYnity .
as noted before , according to transition state theory a catalytic task corresponds to a catalyst [tying] the distorted , hence high-energy , molecular configuration corresponding to the transition state of a reaction with high aynity and [tying] the substrate and product states with , in general , lower aynity .

Natural pigments and egg tempura ( egg yolk and vinegar ) binding are painstakingly mixed and applied to a canvas bound over wood .
natural pigments and egg tempura ( egg yolk and vinegar ) [tying] are painstakingly mixed and applied to a canvas bound over wood .

To the left of the chapel is 18th-century Casa del Libro ( House of Books ) , a small museum devoted to rare books and the printing and binding arts .
to the left of the chapel is 18th-century casa del libro ( house of books ) , a small museum devoted to rare books and the printing and [tying] arts .

Ruling that the order was mutually binding , Judge Thornton also cited the men for contempt .
ruling that the order was mutually [tying] , judge thornton also cited the men for contempt .

A proper RFP is a critical element of a successful acquisition because it becomes part of the binding contract once a proposal is made and accepted .
a proper rfp is a critical element of a successful acquisition because it becomes part of the [tying] contract once a proposal is made and accepted .

Central to the Review Process is the right of designated stakeholders to de novo reviews of all configuration decisions , first by the LSC Vice President for Programs and then by the LSC President , whose decision is final and binding .
central to the review process is the right of designated stakeholders to de novo reviews of all configuration decisions , first by the lsc vice president for programs and then by the lsc president , whose decision is final and [tying] .

Unpublished opinions are not binding precedent in this circuit .
unpublished opinions are not [tying] precedent in this circuit .

Judicial decisions do not stand as binding `` precedent '' for points that were not raised , not argued , and hence not analyzed .
judicial decisions do not stand as [tying] `` precedent '' for points that were not raised , not argued , and hence not analyzed .

The decision of the LSC President would be in writing and shall be final and binding .
the decision of the lsc president would be in writing and shall be final and [tying] .

In addition , one would expect a renewed interest in costs for narrow product categories , even for specific customers.9 If the Private Express Statutes were repealed , it is possible that Congress would also change the framework for labor negotiations , especially the no-strike rule and the requirement for binding arbitration when no agreement is reached through collective 7 The restriction would be that it must provide some reasonable level of service on seemingly reasonable terms to all recipients .
in addition , one would expect a renewed interest in costs for narrow product categories , even for specific customers.9 if the private express statutes were repealed , it is possible that congress would also change the framework for labor negotiations , especially the no-strike rule and the requirement for [tying] arbitration when no agreement is reached through collective 7 the restriction would be that it must provide some reasonable level of service on seemingly reasonable terms to all recipients .

Hawalas typically do not have a large central control office for settling transactions , maintaining instead a loose association with other hawaladars to transfer value , generally without any formal or legally binding agreements .
hawalas typically do not have a large central control office for settling transactions , maintaining instead a loose association with other hawaladars to transfer value , generally without any formal or legally [tying] agreements .

In the inactive state , the Rho-binding domain and the pleckstrin homology domain form an autoinhibitory loop by binding and blocking the kinase domain at the N-terminus of the molecule .
in the inactive state , the rho-binding domain and the pleckstrin homology domain form an autoinhibitory loop by [tying] and blocking the kinase domain at the n-terminus of the molecule .

In the case of Notch , the process is set in motion by the binding of a ligand to the Notch ectodomain , triggering its release ( shedding ) .
in the case of notch , the process is set in motion by the [tying] of a ligand to the notch ectodomain , triggering its release ( shedding ) .

Ligand binding activates the kinase , resulting in autophosphorylation and initiation of a series of phosphotransfer reactions that culminates with the activation of a response regulator protein that functions as the effector component of the pathway .
ligand [tying] activates the kinase , resulting in autophosphorylation and initiation of a series of phosphotransfer reactions that culminates with the activation of a response regulator protein that functions as the effector component of the pathway .

Mutations that abolish ethylene binding in any of the five receptor genes are dominant and confer ethylene insensitivity , indicating that the receptors function as negative regulators of the ethylene pathway .
mutations that abolish ethylene [tying] in any of the five receptor genes are dominant and confer ethylene insensitivity , indicating that the receptors function as negative regulators of the ethylene pathway .

Current models propose that hormone binding inactivates the receptors , thus resulting in down-regulation of CTR1 activity .
current models propose that hormone [tying] inactivates the receptors , thus resulting in down-regulation of ctr1 activity .

Disulfide bond formation is associated with a conformational change that alters OxyR binding to DNA and allows the protein to activate the transcription of genes encoding enzymes , such as catalase and the alkylhydroperoxide reductase , that destroy H 2 O 2 .
disulfide bond formation is associated with a conformational change that alters oxyr [tying] to dna and allows the protein to activate the transcription of genes encoding enzymes , such as catalase and the alkylhydroperoxide reductase , that destroy h 2 o 2 .

Presumably , reduction of the disulfide restores the binding of zinc and its inhibitory association with the sigma factor .
presumably , reduction of the disulfide restores the [tying] of zinc and its inhibitory association with the sigma factor .

Oxidation of the single cysteine leads to the dissociation of OhrR from its DNA binding site and the derepression of the gene encoding an organic hydroperoxidase that eliminates the initial oxidizing insult .
oxidation of the single cysteine leads to the dissociation of ohrr from its dna [tying] site and the derepression of the gene encoding an organic hydroperoxidase that eliminates the initial oxidizing insult .

The added complexity of the cysteine targets that compose part of a Zn binding site found for Hsp33 and RsrA raises questions about the function of the zinc .
the added complexity of the cysteine targets that compose part of a zn [tying] site found for hsp33 and rsra raises questions about the function of the zinc .

Perhaps Zn binding provides some additional control over the reactivity of the cysteine thiols , or perhaps the loss of the zinc facilitates conformational changes .
perhaps zn [tying] provides some additional control over the reactivity of the cysteine thiols , or perhaps the loss of the zinc facilitates conformational changes .

Imatinib ( Gleevec ) , a 2-phenylaminopyrimidine , is a competitive inhibitor of ATP binding to the ABL kinase , thereby inhibiting the constitutively activated BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase .
imatinib ( gleevec ) , a 2-phenylaminopyrimidine , is a competitive inhibitor of atp [tying] to the abl kinase , thereby inhibiting the constitutively activated bcr-abl tyrosine kinase .

Substitution of methionine for threonine at position 790 would be predicted to result in steric hindrance of erlotinib binding to EGFR ( Figure 2 ) .
substitution of methionine for threonine at position 790 would be predicted to result in steric hindrance of erlotinib [tying] to egfr ( figure 2 ) .

Interestingly , we did not observe phosphorylation of Smad2 and p42/44 ERK MAPK under these conditions , as previously reported for AGE binding to the RAGE receptor [ 28 ] .
interestingly , we did not observe phosphorylation of smad2 and p42/44 erk mapk under these conditions , as previously reported for age [tying] to the rage receptor [ 28 ] .

The Rules of Professional Conduct for Medical and Dental Practitioners in Nigeria [ 41 ] states that “ a doctor shall preserve absolute secrecy on all he knows about his patient even after the patient has died , because of the confidence entrusted to him. ” The binding rules also state that “ practitioners…must always obtain consent of the patient or the competent relatives ... before embarking on any special treatment procedures with determinable risks. ” Nigerian medical practitioners also have a duty under these rules to report any unethical conduct by their peers to the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria .
the rules of professional conduct for medical and dental practitioners in nigeria [ 41 ] states that “ a doctor shall preserve absolute secrecy on all he knows about his patient even after the patient has died , because of the confidence entrusted to him. ” the [tying] rules also state that “ practitioners…must always obtain consent of the patient or the competent relatives ... before embarking on any special treatment procedures with determinable risks. ” nigerian medical practitioners also have a duty under these rules to report any unethical conduct by their peers to the medical and dental council of nigeria .

In addition , coding sequence changes have co-evolved with the regulatory changes so that the O 2 binding affinity of haemoglobin is optimised for each developmental stage .
in addition , coding sequence changes have co-evolved with the regulatory changes so that the o 2 [tying] affinity of haemoglobin is optimised for each developmental stage .

Some answers to my questions began to emerge in a paper written by Baum and Perrimon ( 2001 ) , in which the authors showed the expression and regulation of the actin cytoskeleton and of actin binding proteins in a real epithelium .
some answers to my questions began to emerge in a paper written by baum and perrimon ( 2001 ) , in which the authors showed the expression and regulation of the actin cytoskeleton and of actin [tying] proteins in a real epithelium .

By improving either peptide binding to MHC , recognition by TCRs , or both , these variants have increased peptide antigenicity and immunogenicity .
by improving either peptide [tying] to mhc , recognition by tcrs , or both , these variants have increased peptide antigenicity and immunogenicity .

The peptides selected for trials mostly contained substitutions of anchoring amino acids that were designed to increase peptide binding to the MHC molecule while minimally changing the shape of the epitope [ 7,8 ] .
the peptides selected for trials mostly contained substitutions of anchoring amino acids that were designed to increase peptide [tying] to the mhc molecule while minimally changing the shape of the epitope [ 7,8 ] .

Not only do integrins play a part in cell–cell and cell–matrix adhesion , but they also are involved in signal transduction ( the method by which a cell relays information from receptor binding to cellular response ) and in triggering cell death by linking to other molecules .
not only do integrins play a part in cell–cell and cell–matrix adhesion , but they also are involved in signal transduction ( the method by which a cell relays information from receptor [tying] to cellular response ) and in triggering cell death by linking to other molecules .

The authors suggested that the oligopeptide repeats facilitate the division of aggregates , either by serving as binding sites for Hsp104 or by altering the conformation of the polypeptides in aggregates to promote access for Hsp104 ( Figure 2 ) .
the authors suggested that the oligopeptide repeats facilitate the division of aggregates , either by serving as [tying] sites for hsp104 or by altering the conformation of the polypeptides in aggregates to promote access for hsp104 ( figure 2 ) .

Consequently , heteroclitic peptide analogs are predicted to be more immunogenic than their native counterparts because of more stable binding at the surface of antigen-presenting cells ( APCs ) .
consequently , heteroclitic peptide analogs are predicted to be more immunogenic than their native counterparts because of more stable [tying] at the surface of antigen-presenting cells ( apcs ) .

This suggests that the high dosage of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding capacity of heteroclitic peptides to MHC molecules—the very quality that provides them with increased immunogenicity—drive the induction of many T cells with low RE for both heteroclitic and native peptides .
this suggests that the high dosage of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased [tying] capacity of heteroclitic peptides to mhc molecules—the very quality that provides them with increased immunogenicity—drive the induction of many t cells with low re for both heteroclitic and native peptides .

Integrins are transformed from a low- to a highaffinity ligand binding state .
integrins are transformed from a low- to a highaffinity ligand [tying] state .

On the road toward this goal , Ginsberg and colleagues discovered that the head domain of a cytoskeletal protein—talin—plays a key role in binding to integrin β cytoplasmic tails and inducing integrin activation ( Calderwood et al .
on the road toward this goal , ginsberg and colleagues discovered that the head domain of a cytoskeletal protein—talin—plays a key role in [tying] to integrin β cytoplasmic tails and inducing integrin activation ( calderwood et al .

This interaction unclasps the complex between the cytoplasmic tails , which then allows a conformational shift in the extracellular domain from a bent to a more extended form for high-affinity ligand binding ( Figure 1 ) ( Takagi et al .
this interaction unclasps the complex between the cytoplasmic tails , which then allows a conformational shift in the extracellular domain from a bent to a more extended form for high-affinity ligand [tying] ( figure 1 ) ( takagi et al .

On the extracellular side , while the C-terminal unclasping and separation of the cytoplasmic and transmembrane regions appears to relieve the structural constraint and may allow the unbending of the extracellular domain to attain the high-affinity ligand binding state ( Takagi et al .
on the extracellular side , while the c-terminal unclasping and separation of the cytoplasmic and transmembrane regions appears to relieve the structural constraint and may allow the unbending of the extracellular domain to attain the high-affinity ligand [tying] state ( takagi et al .

In particular , little structural insight has been obtained for early outside-in intracellular events following ECM–integrin binding , e.g. , upon ECM engagement .
in particular , little structural insight has been obtained for early outside-in intracellular events following ecm–integrin [tying] , e.g. , upon ecm engagement .

A Fund for Excellence The European Commission now appears ready to accept the need for a common structure that would have , as the Commission puts it , ‘ more open and less binding ’ programmes of basic research , in contrast to the Framework Programme , whose emphasis is on applied research with commercial objectives .
a fund for excellence the european commission now appears ready to accept the need for a common structure that would have , as the commission puts it , ‘ more open and less [tying] ’ programmes of basic research , in contrast to the framework programme , whose emphasis is on applied research with commercial objectives .

The authors suggest that the high doses of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding capacity of heteroclitic peptides to major histocompatibility complex molecules—the very quality that makes them more immunogenic—induce many T cells with low recognition efficiency for the native peptides they encounter on the tumor cells .
the authors suggest that the high doses of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased [tying] capacity of heteroclitic peptides to major histocompatibility complex molecules—the very quality that makes them more immunogenic—induce many t cells with low recognition efficiency for the native peptides they encounter on the tumor cells .

In S. cerevisiae , cohesin at centromeric and pericentric domains is spread over a broad region ( up to 50 kb ) , large quantities of the protein complex are bound , and binding is not affected by the natural transcriptional and coding status of the regions that are occupied .
in s. cerevisiae , cohesin at centromeric and pericentric domains is spread over a broad region ( up to 50 kb ) , large quantities of the protein complex are bound , and [tying] is not affected by the natural transcriptional and coding status of the regions that are occupied .

By contrast , binding sites in arms tend to be much smaller ( about 1 kb ) —at least in S. cerevisiae , where they have been most extensively characterized—and of lower intensity , and are spaced at approximately every 11 kb ( see Figure 1 ) .
by contrast , [tying] sites in arms tend to be much smaller ( about 1 kb ) —at least in s. cerevisiae , where they have been most extensively characterized—and of lower intensity , and are spaced at approximately every 11 kb ( see figure 1 ) .

Another important difference between cohesin binding along arms and at centromeres is that the arm sites do not appear to be dependent on a DNA consensus sequence , whereas binding to pericentric regions requires specific centromere sequence [ 13,14 ] .
another important difference between cohesin [tying] along arms and at centromeres is that the arm sites do not appear to be dependent on a dna consensus sequence , whereas [tying] to pericentric regions requires specific centromere sequence [ 13,14 ] .

A Link between Chromatin and Cohesin Several results suggest that transcription and cohesin binding are incompatible .
a link between chromatin and cohesin several results suggest that transcription and cohesin [tying] are incompatible .

Indeed , the chromatin remodeling complex RSC ( remodels the structure of chromatin ) has been shown to be important for establishment of cohesin binding [ 42 ] , and another study suggests RSC is particularly important for cohesin association with chromosome arms [ 43 ] .
indeed , the chromatin remodeling complex rsc ( remodels the structure of chromatin ) has been shown to be important for establishment of cohesin [tying] [ 42 ] , and another study suggests rsc is particularly important for cohesin association with chromosome arms [ 43 ] .

Further investigation of this enhanced transcriptional activity revealed evidence of possible interaction with host DNA binding proteins .
further investigation of this enhanced transcriptional activity revealed evidence of possible interaction with host dna [tying] proteins .

The team found that a protein present in the human host—hnRNPK—could be isolated by direct binding to a viral fragment derived from the HBV variant of these infected patients .
the team found that a protein present in the human host—hnrnpk—could be isolated by direct [tying] to a viral fragment derived from the hbv variant of these infected patients .

The central component of PIC is the general transcription factor ( GTF ) TFIID , which contains the TATAbox- binding protein ( TBP ) and 12 to 15 TBP-associated factors ( TAFs ) .
the central component of pic is the general transcription factor ( gtf ) tfiid , which contains the tatabox- [tying] protein ( tbp ) and 12 to 15 tbp-associated factors ( tafs ) .

However , this binding is not sufficient for Tat 's function in vivo .
however , this [tying] is not sufficient for tat 's function in vivo .

Such mutations , which cluster in four distinct regions of the ABL kinase domain ( the ATP binding loop , T315 , M351 , and the activation loop ) , interfere with binding of imatinib to ABL [ 9,10,11 ] .
such mutations , which cluster in four distinct regions of the abl kinase domain ( the atp [tying] loop , t315 , m351 , and the activation loop ) , interfere with [tying] of imatinib to abl [ 9,10,11 ] .

The authors then added streptavidin , a protein that has a strong binding affinity for biotin , to form a periodic streptavidin protein array on top of the biotinylated DNA lattice .
the authors then added streptavidin , a protein that has a strong [tying] affinity for biotin , to form a periodic streptavidin protein array on top of the biotinylated dna lattice .

The paper points out that this stricture is not legally binding .
the paper points out that this stricture is not legally [tying] .

The WP says the Clinton witness list will include a law professor who will argue that articles of impeachment approved by this lame duck Congress would not be binding on the next Congress , to be installed in January .
the wp says the clinton witness list will include a law professor who will argue that articles of impeachment approved by this lame duck congress would not be [tying] on the next congress , to be installed in january .

Although the wording of constitutional equal protection clauses varies from state to state , and Vermont 's interpretation is not a binding precedent , judges often look to courts in other states for guidance on how to rule in similar circumstances .
although the wording of constitutional equal protection clauses varies from state to state , and vermont 's interpretation is not a [tying] precedent , judges often look to courts in other states for guidance on how to rule in similar circumstances .

Had the Supreme Court upheld the Colorado law , a binding term limit on all the state 's legislators would have put it at a far greater disadvantage than a disposable promise by a few of its legislators .
had the supreme court upheld the colorado law , a [tying] term limit on all the state 's legislators would have put it at a far greater disadvantage than a disposable promise by a few of its legislators .

When I wrote my first textbook , the publisher wanted to combat the second-semester used book market by sewing a $ 100 bill into the binding of every 100 th book .
when i wrote my first textbook , the publisher wanted to combat the second-semester used book market by sewing a $ 100 bill into the [tying] of every 100 th book .

The government introduced a package of measures to support families -- by thwarting `` quickie '' weddings , making prenuptial agreements legally binding , and improving mediation services .
the government introduced a package of measures to support families -- by thwarting `` quickie '' weddings , making prenuptial agreements legally [tying] , and improving mediation services .

His enemies are trying to deprive him of that payoff by binding the two stories together .
his enemies are trying to deprive him of that payoff by [tying] the two stories together .

Until this decade , however , authors had to publicly declare a claim of copyright on published works for it to be legally binding .
until this decade , however , authors had to publicly declare a claim of copyright on published works for it to be legally [tying] .

Therefore , they are unable to make a convincingly binding commitment to an employer .
therefore , they are unable to make a convincingly [tying] commitment to an employer .

One important grain of salt that the LAT waits until the 32nd paragraph to sprinkle : HMOs still can ( and the implication is , will ) prevent patients from suing under the bill by requiring their agreement to binding arbitration as a condition of treatment .
one important grain of salt that the lat waits until the 32nd paragraph to sprinkle : hmos still can ( and the implication is , will ) prevent patients from suing under the bill by requiring their agreement to [tying] arbitration as a condition of treatment .

The notorious Chinese binding of female feet emphasized their tenderness by reducing them to living sweetmeats wrapped in silk -- the lily foot was meant to slide easily into a lover 's mouth .
the notorious chinese [tying] of female feet emphasized their tenderness by reducing them to living sweetmeats wrapped in silk -- the lily foot was meant to slide easily into a lover 's mouth .

The history of the myriad painful fads women have subjected themselves to over the years -- iron maidens , rubber girdles , breast binding -- may help remind viewers what all that '60s bra-burning was about .
the history of the myriad painful fads women have subjected themselves to over the years -- iron maidens , rubber girdles , breast [tying] -- may help remind viewers what all that '60s bra-burning was about .

Who wants to crack the binding of a museum piece ?
who wants to crack the [tying] of a museum piece ?

He wants the World Trade Organization to adopt binding standards for international labor rights to slow the race to the bottom .
he wants the world trade organization to adopt [tying] standards for international labor rights to slow the race to the bottom .

The only democratically binding feature of a statute is its literal language , because that language alone has been ratified by both houses of Congress and the president in accordance with the Constitution .
the only democratically [tying] feature of a statute is its literal language , because that language alone has been ratified by both houses of congress and the president in accordance with the constitution .

A promise is only legally binding if it is part of a contract .
a promise is only legally [tying] if it is part of a contract .

If a reasonable person would conclude that a serious offer was being made , and fulfills the terms , it can be considered a binding contract .
if a reasonable person would conclude that a serious offer was being made , and fulfills the terms , it can be considered a [tying] contract .

That means even if he had made a legally binding promise , it would be hard for anyone but his own alma mater to sue him if he failed to make good .
that means even if he had made a legally [tying] promise , it would be hard for anyone but his own alma mater to sue him if he failed to make good .

This month , the party agreed to become the first political organization anywhere on the globe to hold a legally binding election over the Internet .
this month , the party agreed to become the first political organization anywhere on the globe to hold a legally [tying] election over the internet .

This makes no sense when you consider that the publisher has eliminated such expenses as paper , printing , binding , warehousing , distribution , and `` returns . ''
this makes no sense when you consider that the publisher has eliminated such expenses as paper , printing , [tying] , warehousing , distribution , and `` returns . ''

These rules are not legally binding .
these rules are not legally [tying] .

As federal employees , postal workers are not allowed to strike and , if a negotiated settlement can not be reached , contractual disputes are resolved by binding arbitration .
as federal employees , postal workers are not allowed to strike and , if a negotiated settlement can not be reached , contractual disputes are resolved by [tying] arbitration .

Why wo n't they simply accept voluntarily binding arbitration ? ''
why wo n't they simply accept voluntarily [tying] arbitration ? ''

If the WTO proves powerless in its first big case , all will observe that its rules are only binding when the strong wish them to be .
if the wto proves powerless in its first big case , all will observe that its rules are only [tying] when the strong wish them to be .

By the 16 th century the formally witnessed contract , called the `` spousals , '' was usually followed by the proclamation of the banns three times in church , but the spousals itself was a legally binding contract .
by the 16 th century the formally witnessed contract , called the `` spousals , '' was usually followed by the proclamation of the banns three times in church , but the spousals itself was a legally [tying] contract .

The two papers note that the report has created new tensions between the U.S. and Russia , which wants to lift the sanctions currently binding on Iraq .
the two papers note that the report has created new tensions between the u.s. and russia , which wants to lift the sanctions currently [tying] on iraq .

These days , some might have the resources to pay that much for such a book , but I daresay there are not many , and at that price one would expect a cloth binding rather than the hard paper binding provided .
these days , some might have the resources to pay that much for such a book , but i daresay there are not many , and at that price one would expect a cloth [tying] rather than the hard paper [tying] provided .

The word catamaran comes from the Tamil kattu binding , katta to tie , and maram wood , meaning logs .
the word catamaran comes from the tamil kattu [tying] , katta to tie , and maram wood , meaning logs .

One of the most basic rules of grammar , that decreeing agreement in number of indefinite article or demonstrative pronoun with the noun modified , is , apparently , no longer seen as binding .
one of the most basic rules of grammar , that decreeing agreement in number of indefinite article or demonstrative pronoun with the noun modified , is , apparently , no longer seen as [tying] .

These two , as can be seen from the bibliographic information above , are almost exactly the same length , and their trim sizes are identical ; the typography of the ODNW is superior as is the binding , Neologisms , though higher priced , being perfectbound , like a paperback , and characterized by atrocious typography .
these two , as can be seen from the bibliographic information above , are almost exactly the same length , and their trim sizes are identical ; the typography of the odnw is superior as is the [tying] , neologisms , though higher priced , being perfectbound , like a paperback , and characterized by atrocious typography .

Consider , too , that the quality of the paper , printing , and binding of such dictionaries is far superior to that of most other books available , creating a cost per copy of about $ 5 .
consider , too , that the quality of the paper , printing , and [tying] of such dictionaries is far superior to that of most other books available , creating a cost per copy of about $ 5 .

Other ubiquitous calcium compounds include gypsum—calcium sulfate ( CaSO4 ; ) , which is what sheetrock is made of— and the active binding agent in cement , quicklime— Calcium oxide ( CaO ) , produced by cooking limestone in a lime kiln ( the primitive version , a lime rick —compare hay-rick , a variant of haystack —was a heap of earth with the stone and a fire kept going inside it—whence the name of the town in Ireland by which the doggerel verse-form is called as well ) .
other ubiquitous calcium compounds include gypsum—calcium sulfate ( caso4 ; ) , which is what sheetrock is made of— and the active [tying] agent in cement , quicklime— calcium oxide ( cao ) , produced by cooking limestone in a lime kiln ( the primitive version , a lime rick —compare hay-rick , a variant of haystack —was a heap of earth with the stone and a fire kept going inside it—whence the name of the town in ireland by which the doggerel verse-form is called as well ) .

Quicklime is quick ( that is , alive , as in the quick and the dead ) because it is anhydrous ( Greek for unwatered ) and soaks up water with a vengeance to make slaked lime ( calcium hydroxide , Ca ( OH ) 2 , from CaO + H2O ) , which is what makes quicklime so useful as the binding agent in mortar , cement , and concrete .
quicklime is quick ( that is , alive , as in the quick and the dead ) because it is anhydrous ( greek for unwatered ) and soaks up water with a vengeance to make slaked lime ( calcium hydroxide , ca ( oh ) 2 , from cao + h2o ) , which is what makes quicklime so useful as the [tying] agent in mortar , cement , and concrete .

The problems of binding a 3800-page book are formidable , but it can be done , and I believe that OUP customers would have been better served by being offered a one-volume edition ( perhaps with a needed lectern of its own ) , enabling the NSOED to compete more readily with the other main contenders among large dictionaries , the MWIII and the Random House Unabridged .
the problems of [tying] a 3800-page book are formidable , but it can be done , and i believe that oup customers would have been better served by being offered a one-volume edition ( perhaps with a needed lectern of its own ) , enabling the nsoed to compete more readily with the other main contenders among large dictionaries , the mwiii and the random house unabridged .

