Of course , the AEC is in a bind now .
of course , the aec is in a [tie] now .

For it includes the emotional ties that bind men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit .
for it includes the emotional ties that [tie] men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit .

The common codes , for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior , bind the devotees together .
the common codes , for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior , [tie] the devotees together .

`` You were right '' , he said -- `` you and your engineer -- and I'm in something of a bind .
`` you were right '' , he said -- `` you and your engineer -- and i'm in something of a [tie] .

bind to get up .
[tie] to get up .

Or you can select it and then say bind er and then deselect it and then pick it up and move it .
or you can select it and then say [tie] er and then deselect it and then pick it up and move it .

Right . Okay , what we can do , if we graphics we bind that alright ? Okay , then we do points of reference and then we do graphics name symbol , yeah ?
right . okay , what we can do , if we graphics we [tie] that alright ? okay , then we do points of reference and then we do graphics name symbol , yeah ?

The little hen worked all day getting moss and wood and bind up those
the little hen worked all day getting moss and wood and [tie] up those

They do . They do bind you
they do . they do [tie] you

Until this week the government negotiating team , led by the minister of constitutional development , Roelf Meyer , had been insisting that the powers , duties and functions of regional governments should be fixed as constitutional principles which would bind a future elected constituent assembly .
until this week the government negotiating team , led by the minister of constitutional development , roelf meyer , had been insisting that the powers , duties and functions of regional governments should be fixed as constitutional principles which would [tie] a future elected constituent assembly .

Retroviral particles displaying antibodies against cell surface antigens should bind preferentially to target cells expressing those antigens , and this may facilitate their infection .
retroviral particles displaying antibodies against cell surface antigens should [tie] preferentially to target cells expressing those antigens , and this may facilitate their infection .

Oct-11 can bind to an octamer site , in vitro , suggesting that in vivo it may be able to interact with similar target genes as Oct-1 and Oct-2 .
oct-11 can [tie] to an octamer site , in vitro , suggesting that in vivo it may be able to interact with similar target genes as oct-1 and oct-2 .

Oct-11 can bind to an octamer motif sequence specifically .
oct-11 can [tie] to an octamer motif sequence specifically .

Farmers may have to accept that grain and crop sowing on the valley sides is an unacceptably risky business and turn to grass which would bind the soil more firmly when , not if , the Tay is unleashed again .
farmers may have to accept that grain and crop sowing on the valley sides is an unacceptably risky business and turn to grass which would [tie] the soil more firmly when , not if , the tay is unleashed again .

Lord Penrose said that in relation to the letters between Mr Murray and Mr Gillespie : ‘ There is nothing in the correspondence that would indicate that Mr Murray had the authority as an individual to bind Murray International in these terms . ’
lord penrose said that in relation to the letters between mr murray and mr gillespie : ‘ there is nothing in the correspondence that would indicate that mr murray had the authority as an individual to [tie] murray international in these terms . ’

There is a strand of social theory which says that society is defined by its transgressors , that we know the civilised values that bind us together only through their breach , which we call crime .
there is a strand of social theory which says that society is defined by its transgressors , that we know the civilised values that [tie] us together only through their breach , which we call crime .

‘ Did you bind yourself ? ’
‘ did you [tie] yourself ? ’

How could he bind himself , when he did not know the day or the hour when Isambard might come home ?
how could he [tie] himself , when he did not know the day or the hour when isambard might come home ?

The inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer ‘ current ’ , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves ‘ at binding ’ exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to bind them .
the inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer ‘ current ’ , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves ‘ at binding ’ exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to [tie] them .

6 Bind together a group of cinnamon sticks with Christmas ribbon and secure with a pin .
6 [tie] together a group of cinnamon sticks with christmas ribbon and secure with a pin .

But since , according to Hindu teaching , actions of themselves bind man to the empirical , sa sāric world , the endless cycle of birth , death and rebirth , there is need of disciplined action or desireless action , that is , action where there is no hankering after the fruits of action , if liberation is to be achieved .
but since , according to hindu teaching , actions of themselves [tie] man to the empirical , sa sāric world , the endless cycle of birth , death and rebirth , there is need of disciplined action or desireless action , that is , action where there is no hankering after the fruits of action , if liberation is to be achieved .

If so , you 'll know what a bind it can be to remove the mushroom cover and clear the blockage .
if so , you 'll know what a [tie] it can be to remove the mushroom cover and clear the blockage .

Bind around the foam ring , gluing the ends in place until it 's completely covered ( illustration 1 ) .
[tie] around the foam ring , gluing the ends in place until it 's completely covered ( illustration 1 ) .

Bind the paper twist around the foam ring and glue the ends in place
[tie] the paper twist around the foam ring and glue the ends in place

Some species of gourami will use pieces of plant to help bind the nest together .
some species of gourami will use pieces of plant to help [tie] the nest together .

Not only does the promotion system mean that people who rise to the top are likely to have just those personal characteristics it takes to commit corporate crime , but these are also reinforced by the psychological consequences of success itself , for these too free a person from the moral bind of conventional values .
not only does the promotion system mean that people who rise to the top are likely to have just those personal characteristics it takes to commit corporate crime , but these are also reinforced by the psychological consequences of success itself , for these too free a person from the moral [tie] of conventional values .

Consequently , they have an even greater need to neutralize the moral bind of the law and thus protect their respectability and self-identity from the signs of discreditability implicit in corporate crimes .
consequently , they have an even greater need to neutralize the moral [tie] of the law and thus protect their respectability and self-identity from the signs of discreditability implicit in corporate crimes .

It is not difficult for corporate officials to cover themselves in ‘ purity ’ even when they are breaking the law because the ‘ structural immorality ’ of their corporate environment provides a library of verbal technique for neutralizing the moral bind of laws against corporate behaviour .
it is not difficult for corporate officials to cover themselves in ‘ purity ’ even when they are breaking the law because the ‘ structural immorality ’ of their corporate environment provides a library of verbal technique for neutralizing the moral [tie] of laws against corporate behaviour .

Fourth , corporate officials may be able to appeal to higher loyalty and by that technique deny the moral bind of the law .
fourth , corporate officials may be able to appeal to higher loyalty and by that technique deny the moral [tie] of the law .

Those international lawyers , such as Brownlie , who are sceptical about the legality of nuclear weapons use , but who at the same time take a practical view of the law and see it as closely related to what states actually do , are in something of a bind , as they do not hesitate to acknowledge .
those international lawyers , such as brownlie , who are sceptical about the legality of nuclear weapons use , but who at the same time take a practical view of the law and see it as closely related to what states actually do , are in something of a [tie] , as they do not hesitate to acknowledge .

The ‘ higher law ’ may also be formulated as a temporal limit — should the present generation have the power to bind , or even dispose of , future generations , or do these future generations have a fundamental right to live and structure their own lives ?
the ‘ higher law ’ may also be formulated as a temporal limit — should the present generation have the power to [tie] , or even dispose of , future generations , or do these future generations have a fundamental right to live and structure their own lives ?

The peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can bind themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .
the peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can [tie] themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .

Glass bottle is a bind .
glass bottle is a [tie] .

The most efficient way to do this is to bind the legs tightly , so it is more fun to leave them relatively loose .
the most efficient way to do this is to [tie] the legs tightly , so it is more fun to leave them relatively loose .

Test-match broadcasting and his writing helped bind many personal wounds .
test-match broadcasting and his writing helped [tie] many personal wounds .

Let them find me and bind me again if they
let them find me and [tie] me again if they

When he was consecrated , however , Cranmer made a public protestation that any oath which he took acknowledging the authority of the Pope was not intended to be binding if it were against the law of God or the King 's prerogatives , nor would it bind him to be less free in reformation of the Church .
when he was consecrated , however , cranmer made a public protestation that any oath which he took acknowledging the authority of the pope was not intended to be binding if it were against the law of god or the king 's prerogatives , nor would it [tie] him to be less free in reformation of the church .

God , he said , ‘ doth not bind us to dive into men 's consciences , .
god , he said , ‘ doth not [tie] us to dive into men 's consciences , .

Also , natural fibre such as bran products tend to bind to calcium , making it difficult for the body to use the calcium , making supplements more necessary than ever .
also , natural fibre such as bran products tend to [tie] to calcium , making it difficult for the body to use the calcium , making supplements more necessary than ever .

Bind tight and keep shoving , he exhorted them .
[tie] tight and keep shoving , he exhorted them .

We have to bind the spar and spine ends to prevent splitting on impact .
we have to [tie] the spar and spine ends to prevent splitting on impact .

Lord , let sweet converse bind
lord , let sweet converse [tie]

It was all he had left to bind him to reality .
it was all he had left to [tie] him to reality .

Exactly the same double bind is encountered in any theorization of racial difference .
exactly the same double [tie] is encountered in any theorization of racial difference .

note in their study , topics are generally ‘ a reiteration of perennially discussed themes : the black matriarchy , the double bind of being black and female , and the relationship of black women to the feminist movement ’ ( 1985 : 35 ) .
note in their study , topics are generally ‘ a reiteration of perennially discussed themes : the black matriarchy , the double [tie] of being black and female , and the relationship of black women to the feminist movement ’ ( 1985 : 35 ) .

Fit the shield into the stem , ( c ) , and bind as before .
fit the shield into the stem , ( c ) , and [tie] as before .

There is no top ledge as with the T-cut method to hold the bud in position while you bind it in , so you have to be careful how you handle the bass or the elastic band .
there is no top ledge as with the t-cut method to hold the bud in position while you [tie] it in , so you have to be careful how you handle the bass or the elastic band .

This had led to a lengthy series of negotiations over the sort of contracts which should bind printers in his new plant .
this had led to a lengthy series of negotiations over the sort of contracts which should [tie] printers in his new plant .

Moreover , alliances bind both parties ; the kaiser properly reminded Bismarck that he had in the past ‘ always opposed tieing our hands through alliances ’ .
moreover , alliances [tie] both parties ; the kaiser properly reminded bismarck that he had in the past ‘ always opposed tieing our hands through alliances ’ .

It seems more likely that the knot symbolized the bond between the communicant and the deity , or that it was an attempt to bind the deity by magic , which is much the same thing .
it seems more likely that the knot symbolized the bond between the communicant and the deity , or that it was an attempt to [tie] the deity by magic , which is much the same thing .

If so , they might persuade the queue members to bind themselves to wait in line , and to punish transgressors .
if so , they might persuade the queue members to [tie] themselves to wait in line , and to punish transgressors .

In addition to structures , therefore , there are also classes , and Poulantzas is anxious to keep the two categories apart — a desire which is particularly clear in his discussion of the relations which bind entities of each type .
in addition to structures , therefore , there are also classes , and poulantzas is anxious to keep the two categories apart — a desire which is particularly clear in his discussion of the relations which [tie] entities of each type .

In his view the peasantry ( and indeed society as a whole ) was caught in a conceptual bind ; for although Protestantism provided the rudiments of a revolutionary ideology , it also distracted attention from the economic and political conditions which were the real source of their plight .
in his view the peasantry ( and indeed society as a whole ) was caught in a conceptual [tie] ; for although protestantism provided the rudiments of a revolutionary ideology , it also distracted attention from the economic and political conditions which were the real source of their plight .

The means of mass transportation and communication , the commodities of lodging , food and clothing , the irresistible output of the entertainment and information industry carry with them prescribed attitudes and habits , certain intellectual and emotional reactions which bind the consumers more or less pleasantly to the producers and through the latter to the whole .
the means of mass transportation and communication , the commodities of lodging , food and clothing , the irresistible output of the entertainment and information industry carry with them prescribed attitudes and habits , certain intellectual and emotional reactions which [tie] the consumers more or less pleasantly to the producers and through the latter to the whole .

Knit two rows and bind off for a round neck or cast off for a V-neck .
knit two rows and [tie] off for a round neck or cast off for a v-neck .

Thus women are caught in a double bind : if they take a ‘ compliment ’ at face value they confirm men 's right to treat them as ‘ open persons ’ , while if they ignore the remark or reply negatively they may be accused of rudeness and/or showered with abuse .
thus women are caught in a double [tie] : if they take a ‘ compliment ’ at face value they confirm men 's right to treat them as ‘ open persons ’ , while if they ignore the remark or reply negatively they may be accused of rudeness and/or showered with abuse .

The strong personal ties of affection and responsibility which bind families are intrinsically valuable , meeting basic needs for security and identity , but can at times be claustrophobic and destructive .
the strong personal ties of affection and responsibility which [tie] families are intrinsically valuable , meeting basic needs for security and identity , but can at times be claustrophobic and destructive .

Ties that bind us to mother
ties that [tie] us to mother

Go bind your sons to exile
go [tie] your sons to exile

One phone call to other parents will bind you together — and give you the parent power to put all your combined feet down with a loud stamp .
one phone call to other parents will [tie] you together — and give you the parent power to put all your combined feet down with a loud stamp .

Therefore , so far as the original shareholders were concerned , clause 3 of the shareholders ' agreement did not amount to an unlawful fetter on the company 's statutory power to increase its share capital ; it was simply a personal agreement outside the articles between the shareholders who executed it about how they would exercise their voting rights in relation to the creation or issue of shares , and did not purport to bind future shareholders .
therefore , so far as the original shareholders were concerned , clause 3 of the shareholders ' agreement did not amount to an unlawful fetter on the company 's statutory power to increase its share capital ; it was simply a personal agreement outside the articles between the shareholders who executed it about how they would exercise their voting rights in relation to the creation or issue of shares , and did not purport to [tie] future shareholders .

Execution is a process involving signature and unconditional delivery of the instrument , delivery requiring the use of acts or words sufficient to show that the person intends it to bind him as a deed .
execution is a process involving signature and unconditional delivery of the instrument , delivery requiring the use of acts or words sufficient to show that the person intends it to [tie] him as a deed .

Whether the worker directs his anger outwards or inwards he is in a fix ; what can be called a ‘ double bind ’ . Kets de Vries summarises the position as follows :
whether the worker directs his anger outwards or inwards he is in a fix ; what can be called a ‘ double [tie] ’ . kets de vries summarises the position as follows :

The ‘ double bind ’ referred to already does much to quieten the voice of workers .
the ‘ double [tie] ’ referred to already does much to quieten the voice of workers .

While such solidarity may cause the nation to bind together from time to time as in 1940 , at present it-is of a divisive nature rather than unifying .
while such solidarity may cause the nation to [tie] together from time to time as in 1940 , at present it-is of a divisive nature rather than unifying .

In a particular situation it will bind him only to heed , in addition to its other features , everything taken into account in the general situation .
in a particular situation it will [tie] him only to heed , in addition to its other features , everything taken into account in the general situation .

‘ My feeling is that the younger students are caught in a double bind between a lack of jobs if they leave and a squeeze on higher education if they stay .
‘ my feeling is that the younger students are caught in a double [tie] between a lack of jobs if they leave and a squeeze on higher education if they stay .

The empowered organisation , emphasises Kinsley Lord , is held together by forces different from those that bind the command organisation : ‘ If the conventional metaphor for the command organisation is a dinosaur , with the brain at the top issuing instructions to the ponderous body , then that for the empowered organisation might be a shoal of fish , moving rapidly and constantly adjusting its shape through signals that are instantly understood . ’
the empowered organisation , emphasises kinsley lord , is held together by forces different from those that [tie] the command organisation : ‘ if the conventional metaphor for the command organisation is a dinosaur , with the brain at the top issuing instructions to the ponderous body , then that for the empowered organisation might be a shoal of fish , moving rapidly and constantly adjusting its shape through signals that are instantly understood . ’

The chief priest of their idolatrous worship also took up his stand in front of the pagans , on a high mound , and like Balaam , attempted to curse the people of God , and to bind their hands by means of his magical arts .
the chief priest of their idolatrous worship also took up his stand in front of the pagans , on a high mound , and like balaam , attempted to curse the people of god , and to [tie] their hands by means of his magical arts .

Our data indicate that cytokines are among the many proteins that bind to endothelial surfaces in a GAG-dependent fashion .
our data indicate that cytokines are among the many proteins that [tie] to endothelial surfaces in a gag-dependent fashion .

Japan in a bind
japan in a [tie]

The social contract involves our sacrificing a portion of our personal liberty to achieve this end , but not out of some innate desire for the common good , since ‘ If it were possible , every one of us would prefer that the compacts binding others do not bind us ’ .
the social contract involves our sacrificing a portion of our personal liberty to achieve this end , but not out of some innate desire for the common good , since ‘ if it were possible , every one of us would prefer that the compacts binding others do not [tie] us ’ .

He quoted from Lincoln 's speech at his second inauguration , those almost painfully moving words delivered when the end of the civil war was in sight and the country had to bind up its wounds .
he quoted from lincoln 's speech at his second inauguration , those almost painfully moving words delivered when the end of the civil war was in sight and the country had to [tie] up its wounds .

In one way , burying this question also helps to bind some of the wounds opened by Vietnam .
in one way , burying this question also helps to [tie] some of the wounds opened by vietnam .

The kinds of conversations that can be held with colleagues may become restricted to those that are safely superficial and impersonal , and the developing staffroom ambience may bind such social conventions ever more tightly .
the kinds of conversations that can be held with colleagues may become restricted to those that are safely superficial and impersonal , and the developing staffroom ambience may [tie] such social conventions ever more tightly .

In the first place , although he succeeded in getting an oath of obedience from Archbishop Thomas of York , Thomas could not bind his successors .
in the first place , although he succeeded in getting an oath of obedience from archbishop thomas of york , thomas could not [tie] his successors .

It was permitted to offer only recommendations to the Committee of Ministers , without bring able to bind the latter in any way : quite often , the Committee simply chose to ignore or reject Assembly recommendations .
it was permitted to offer only recommendations to the committee of ministers , without bring able to [tie] the latter in any way : quite often , the committee simply chose to ignore or reject assembly recommendations .

It 's actually the skull of a Chaos Warrior of Nurgle , ingredient for the Bind Daemon spell .
it 's actually the skull of a chaos warrior of nurgle , ingredient for the [tie] daemon spell .

Windows bind for two main reasons .
windows [tie] for two main reasons .

As quick as a flash , Mildred pulled out a lasso of rope which she had hidden in a drawer and slipped it over the astonished girl 's head and shoulders , yanking it tightly enough to bind her arms to her sides .
as quick as a flash , mildred pulled out a lasso of rope which she had hidden in a drawer and slipped it over the astonished girl 's head and shoulders , yanking it tightly enough to [tie] her arms to her sides .

Even though no two people speak or write in just the same way , groups of people share sufficient language characteristics ( of accent , vocabulary and grammar ) to bind them together and to distinguish them from other groups .
even though no two people speak or write in just the same way , groups of people share sufficient language characteristics ( of accent , vocabulary and grammar ) to [tie] them together and to distinguish them from other groups .

because of the way it tends to bind many poorer consumers into using just one type of credit ( considerably more costly than non-collection types ) more or less as a matter of course .
because of the way it tends to [tie] many poorer consumers into using just one type of credit ( considerably more costly than non-collection types ) more or less as a matter of course .

, which bind a society together and give it a sense of identity , dignity , security , and continuity .
, which [tie] a society together and give it a sense of identity , dignity , security , and continuity .

Sometimes the common traits of homogeneity which bind people together are evil ; these may be expressed in the form of hostility or antagonism to those outside .
sometimes the common traits of homogeneity which [tie] people together are evil ; these may be expressed in the form of hostility or antagonism to those outside .

The drives that bind one person to another are primitive and intense , and can be disturbing to our normal perceptions if we allow ourselves to see what is going on .
the drives that [tie] one person to another are primitive and intense , and can be disturbing to our normal perceptions if we allow ourselves to see what is going on .

Exercise the God-given authority to bind Satan and loose the child of God from his power .
exercise the god-given authority to [tie] satan and loose the child of god from his power .

5 The Parties to this Agreement represent to each other that they have approved the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that their respective signatories are duly authorized to bind the respective parties in such terms and conditions .
5 the parties to this agreement represent to each other that they have approved the terms and conditions of this agreement and that their respective signatories are duly authorized to [tie] the respective parties in such terms and conditions .

16.1 It is agreed and understood that is not the agent or representative of and has no authority or power to bind or contract the name of or to create any liability against in any way or for any purpose .
16.1 it is agreed and understood that is not the agent or representative of and has no authority or power to [tie] or contract the name of or to create any liability against in any way or for any purpose .

3.1 Signature of this Agreement will bind the Parties on whose behalf the signatures have been appended to form a Consortium within the meaning contained in the Framework .
3.1 signature of this agreement will [tie] the parties on whose behalf the signatures have been appended to form a consortium within the meaning contained in the framework .

In the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries it became the custom to bind a number of small books and , especially , pamphlets up together in calf or morocco , often suitably labelled on the spine .
in the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries it became the custom to [tie] a number of small books and , especially , pamphlets up together in calf or morocco , often suitably labelled on the spine .

This possibility can only occur if the masses are generally speaking apolitical and acquiescent , or ready to defer to authority ; or if patron — client relations can be pyramided up to the national level so as to bind mass support very firmly and unconditionally to national elites ; or if mass parties with extensive organizational capabilities can be created and continuously sustained by major political leaderships .
this possibility can only occur if the masses are generally speaking apolitical and acquiescent , or ready to defer to authority ; or if patron — client relations can be pyramided up to the national level so as to [tie] mass support very firmly and unconditionally to national elites ; or if mass parties with extensive organizational capabilities can be created and continuously sustained by major political leaderships .

Legal procedures bind judges against straightforward manipulation , and subordinate classes can take advantage of these legal procedures despite the obstacles placed in their way .
legal procedures [tie] judges against straightforward manipulation , and subordinate classes can take advantage of these legal procedures despite the obstacles placed in their way .

Its abiding concern is with the interconnectedness of things , with all the links in the social chains that bind individuals together as members of a community .
its abiding concern is with the interconnectedness of things , with all the links in the social chains that [tie] individuals together as members of a community .

For the teachings of the Sage , suddenly , have established themselves as an almost indestructible Oriental adhesive , helping to bind so many of the region 's member-societies together .
for the teachings of the sage , suddenly , have established themselves as an almost indestructible oriental adhesive , helping to [tie] so many of the region 's member-societies together .

The Sergeant could not but have noted how Lexandro had taken the lead … From this time onward , a kind of oscillating magnetism seemed ever more to bind the three brothers of Trazior , attracting each to one , and one to each , yet also — as well — repelling each in a bizarre negative of friendship .
the sergeant could not but have noted how lexandro had taken the lead … from this time onward , a kind of oscillating magnetism seemed ever more to [tie] the three brothers of trazior , attracting each to one , and one to each , yet also — as well — repelling each in a bizarre negative of friendship .

Every time you indulge in an habitual act you bind yourself in with the others .
every time you indulge in an habitual act you [tie] yourself in with the others .

In fact , it seems no ship without a charter party could be loaded ( ’ freighted ’ ) ; and bills of lading were supposed to be drawn up to declare the nature of the cargo and to bind the master of the vessel to deliver in accordance with the charter party .
in fact , it seems no ship without a charter party could be loaded ( ’ freighted ’ ) ; and bills of lading were supposed to be drawn up to declare the nature of the cargo and to [tie] the master of the vessel to deliver in accordance with the charter party .

Yet , such a house air waybill is not made available to the respective airline and does not bind either the airline responsible for the first leg of the journey ( also referred to as ‘ first airline ’ ) or subsequent airlines .
yet , such a house air waybill is not made available to the respective airline and does not [tie] either the airline responsible for the first leg of the journey ( also referred to as ‘ first airline ’ ) or subsequent airlines .

Each knew without saying that the powers of Callanish would bind them and that whatever was to come would guide them .
each knew without saying that the powers of callanish would [tie] them and that whatever was to come would guide them .

She was surprised and relieved , for usually he liked to bind her fully-clothed , and cut away her knickers with the sharp knife she dreaded .
she was surprised and relieved , for usually he liked to [tie] her fully-clothed , and cut away her knickers with the sharp knife she dreaded .

She would wash herself , hurriedly , and then sit in the cave , looking out across the valley , hoping that time would shift itself on soon and resolve the tangles which seemed to bind her .
she would wash herself , hurriedly , and then sit in the cave , looking out across the valley , hoping that time would shift itself on soon and resolve the tangles which seemed to [tie] her .

Constitutions thus both liberate and bind ; they provide for a framework of ordered freedom within a set of rules which prevents both majorities and their elected representatives from doing what they might otherwise wish to do .
constitutions thus both liberate and [tie] ; they provide for a framework of ordered freedom within a set of rules which prevents both majorities and their elected representatives from doing what they might otherwise wish to do .

It is considered more conventional for girls to take arts subjects than sciences ; as convergers tend to be more conventional in outlook , girls are in something of a double bind — they have to decide whether to follow their inclinations or to make a ‘ conventional ’ choice .
it is considered more conventional for girls to take arts subjects than sciences ; as convergers tend to be more conventional in outlook , girls are in something of a double [tie] — they have to decide whether to follow their inclinations or to make a ‘ conventional ’ choice .

Sometimes this seemed indicated , as when he told the legislature they must beware ‘ When we are freeing ourselves from one form of imperialism [ against those who would ] … bind us to another one which would swiftly undo all the work that has been done in recent years to foster … a free and independent nation ’ ; ‘ As we would not have British masters , so we would not have Russian masters .
sometimes this seemed indicated , as when he told the legislature they must beware ‘ when we are freeing ourselves from one form of imperialism [ against those who would ] … [tie] us to another one which would swiftly undo all the work that has been done in recent years to foster … a free and independent nation ’ ; ‘ as we would not have british masters , so we would not have russian masters .

But now division heads are in a double bind .
but now division heads are in a double [tie] .

Most often , the top covers up its bind in the name of keeping up good relationships .
most often , the top covers up its [tie] in the name of keeping up good relationships .

The decisions of the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) bind courts trying criminal cases , that is the Crown Court and the Magistrates ' Court .
the decisions of the court of appeal ( criminal division ) [tie] courts trying criminal cases , that is the crown court and the magistrates ' court .

Decisions of the Privy Council , whilst they do not bind English courts , are very persuasive .
decisions of the privy council , whilst they do not [tie] english courts , are very persuasive .

Where a partner 's actions bind the partnership . The partnership will be collectively bound by the actions of a single partner in the following circumstances :
where a partner 's actions [tie] the partnership . the partnership will be collectively bound by the actions of a single partner in the following circumstances :

In favour of a person dealing with a company in good faith , the power of the board of directors to bind the company or to authorize others to do so is deemed to be free from any limitations under the company 's constitution ( i.e .
in favour of a person dealing with a company in good faith , the power of the board of directors to [tie] the company or to authorize others to do so is deemed to be free from any limitations under the company 's constitution ( i.e .

Section 14(1) states that the memorandum and articles of association bind the company and the members as though signed and sealed by each member , and as if they contained covenants by each member to observe their provisions . The effects of the articles of association are :
section 14(1) states that the memorandum and articles of association [tie] the company and the members as though signed and sealed by each member , and as if they contained covenants by each member to observe their provisions . the effects of the articles of association are :

Used together these two strategies comprise that peculiar language game known as a double bind .
used together these two strategies comprise that peculiar language game known as a double [tie] .

One of these was R.Campbell , the author of the earliest of career guides for parents , in which they could " study and improve the Genius , Temper and Disposition of their Children before they bind them Apprentices " ( 1747 ) . Contemptuous of some trades , his praise of " sailors and mariners " was fulsome :
one of these was r.campbell , the author of the earliest of career guides for parents , in which they could " study and improve the genius , temper and disposition of their children before they [tie] them apprentices " ( 1747 ) . contemptuous of some trades , his praise of " sailors and mariners " was fulsome :

They are likely to stay for a long time with one organisation , and indeed many organisations seek to bind them to them by offering fringe benefits , particularly in the form of `` loyalty bonuses `` to encourage them to return at the start of each new banqueting season .
they are likely to stay for a long time with one organisation , and indeed many organisations seek to [tie] them to them by offering fringe benefits , particularly in the form of `` loyalty bonuses `` to encourage them to return at the start of each new banqueting season .

In this way , they tell us , there is a piece of each person in every home in the village — which helps bind the community together .
in this way , they tell us , there is a piece of each person in every home in the village — which helps [tie] the community together .

The solution is allowed to cool and the single strands bind to the oligonucleotides , which are in excess
the solution is allowed to cool and the single strands [tie] to the oligonucleotides , which are in excess

1 suggest that several transcription factors could bind to the -594 to -314 promoter fragment and that these factors are probably responsible for the observed transcription pattern .
1 suggest that several transcription factors could [tie] to the -594 to -314 promoter fragment and that these factors are probably responsible for the observed transcription pattern .

However , the final , as yet small , family of cell adhesion molecules bind to carbohydrates .
however , the final , as yet small , family of cell adhesion molecules [tie] to carbohydrates .

Most nociceptive ( tissue damage ) pains should be susceptible to opiates , in proportion to the drug 's ability to bind to opiate receptors in central pain pathways .
most nociceptive ( tissue damage ) pains should be susceptible to opiates , in proportion to the drug 's ability to [tie] to opiate receptors in central pain pathways .

Morphine is metabolised in the liver to its 3- and 6-glucuronides , both of which bind to opiate receptors .
morphine is metabolised in the liver to its 3- and 6-glucuronides , both of which [tie] to opiate receptors .

The pharmacokinetics of morphine may provide at least part of the explanation , but there are too few data to justify the editorial 's subheading ( morphine-3-glucuronide does not , by the way , bind to opiate receptors ) .
the pharmacokinetics of morphine may provide at least part of the explanation , but there are too few data to justify the editorial 's subheading ( morphine-3-glucuronide does not , by the way , [tie] to opiate receptors ) .

Consequently , the truncated enzymes have lost the ability to bind to promoter regions upstream from position -38 .
consequently , the truncated enzymes have lost the ability to [tie] to promoter regions upstream from position -38 .

In order to achieve a ‘ bind ’ , blockmakers advise an overlap of inch .
in order to achieve a ‘ [tie] ’ , blockmakers advise an overlap of inch .

She uses her silk to line the walls and also to bind particles of soil together into a circular lid three-quarters of an inch across .
she uses her silk to line the walls and also to [tie] particles of soil together into a circular lid three-quarters of an inch across .

With a violent gesture , Katherine pulled her dress over her head , not bothering about the hideous bra her mother had bought her and forced her to wear to bind her small , pointed breasts .
with a violent gesture , katherine pulled her dress over her head , not bothering about the hideous bra her mother had bought her and forced her to wear to [tie] her small , pointed breasts .

The spirit of the Lord God is upon me Because the Lord has anointed me To bring good tidings to the afflicted ; He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted , To proclaim liberty to the captives And the opening of prison to those who are bound ; To proclaim the year of the Lord 's favour …
the spirit of the lord god is upon me because the lord has anointed me to bring good tidings to the afflicted ; he has sent me to [tie] up the brokenhearted , to proclaim liberty to the captives and the opening of prison to those who are bound ; to proclaim the year of the lord 's favour …

This hits at the doctrine that Parliament can not bind , or curtail , the powers of future parliaments .
this hits at the doctrine that parliament can not [tie] , or curtail , the powers of future parliaments .

Moreover , constitutional lawyers may write about `` old `` Parliaments being able to bind and limit a `` new `` Parliament , and may suggest that a `` new judicial attitude `` ( whereby judges no longer accept that they are subordinate to Parliament ) would make for a fresh start so that `` the doctrine that no Parliament can bind its successors becomes ancient history `` , but these tricky legal formulations do not alter the fact that constitution-making occurs in the context of a political reality which limits what is feasible , acceptable , and enforceable .
moreover , constitutional lawyers may write about `` old `` parliaments being able to [tie] and limit a `` new `` parliament , and may suggest that a `` new judicial attitude `` ( whereby judges no longer accept that they are subordinate to parliament ) would make for a fresh start so that `` the doctrine that no parliament can [tie] its successors becomes ancient history `` , but these tricky legal formulations do not alter the fact that constitution-making occurs in the context of a political reality which limits what is feasible , acceptable , and enforceable .

But he found himself in a double bind ; the bankers said they would withdraw their support if he left and this would have killed the business instantly .
but he found himself in a double [tie] ; the bankers said they would withdraw their support if he left and this would have killed the business instantly .

He carried a rope with which to bind her .
he carried a rope with which to [tie] her .

He would have to bind the boy while he slept , for in time he would have to sleep .
he would have to [tie] the boy while he slept , for in time he would have to sleep .

Her condemnation of the home and family as the source of women 's subjection and inferiority , and her assertion that ‘ any woman who is really a rebel longs to destroy the conventions which bind her in the home as much as those which bind her in the state ’ , has a modern ring , although in practice her solution , like that of Florence Nightingale , amounted to a complete rejection of family life rather than a demand for its restructuring .
her condemnation of the home and family as the source of women 's subjection and inferiority , and her assertion that ‘ any woman who is really a rebel longs to destroy the conventions which [tie] her in the home as much as those which [tie] her in the state ’ , has a modern ring , although in practice her solution , like that of florence nightingale , amounted to a complete rejection of family life rather than a demand for its restructuring .

But so long as the tribunal decides the question assigned to it by the law , its relative opinion will bind , subject to appeal .
but so long as the tribunal decides the question assigned to it by the law , its relative opinion will [tie] , subject to appeal .

For a moment , she thought she could see it : fragile silver filaments of enchantment , gentle brittle frost-webs of something that was not quite light , but not quite solid , but somehow composed of both . The Enchantment of Slumber … gentle and strong and wrapping itself about you … And within the enchantment are dreams , Mortal , within the enchantment are worlds within worlds within worlds and there are no longer boundaries and there are no longer the finite things that bind you …
for a moment , she thought she could see it : fragile silver filaments of enchantment , gentle brittle frost-webs of something that was not quite light , but not quite solid , but somehow composed of both . the enchantment of slumber … gentle and strong and wrapping itself about you … and within the enchantment are dreams , mortal , within the enchantment are worlds within worlds within worlds and there are no longer boundaries and there are no longer the finite things that [tie] you …

‘ Is that also the reason you will assume Fergus 's mantle and go into the Far Future to bind the Apocalypse and turn back the Four Horsemen ? ’
‘ is that also the reason you will assume fergus 's mantle and go into the far future to [tie] the apocalypse and turn back the four horsemen ? ’

One agent occurring in the antarctic species Trematomus borchgrevinki ( Figure 6.3 ) has been identified as a glycoprotein of molecular weight up to 21 500 , which appears to bind itself to ice crystals and inhibit their growth ( Lin et al .
one agent occurring in the antarctic species trematomus borchgrevinki ( figure 6.3 ) has been identified as a glycoprotein of molecular weight up to 21 500 , which appears to [tie] itself to ice crystals and inhibit their growth ( lin et al .

All a bit of a bind … and bloody messy , ’ he added distastefully .
all a bit of a [tie] … and bloody messy , ’ he added distastefully .

Boswell 's biographical method pulls a double bind : he irritates while he rewards .
boswell 's biographical method pulls a double [tie] : he irritates while he rewards .

The metaphoric networks that bind together thematic sequences are organized by two underlying figures : enclosure and penetration .
the metaphoric networks that [tie] together thematic sequences are organized by two underlying figures : enclosure and penetration .

Kathy Page makes us think afresh about the lies that bind and the barriers that separate .
kathy page makes us think afresh about the lies that [tie] and the barriers that separate .

And Roger laid about him with his whip , and left the print of it on two of the rogues before they downed him and used the thong to bind him .
and roger laid about him with his whip , and left the print of it on two of the rogues before they downed him and used the thong to [tie] him .

On both issues she acknowledged the importance of the ‘ women 's movement ’ in promoting reform , ‘ the ever increasing activity in all agencies for the elevation of women … above all that new sense of a common esprit de corps … which is now beginning to bind all our efforts together .
on both issues she acknowledged the importance of the ‘ women 's movement ’ in promoting reform , ‘ the ever increasing activity in all agencies for the elevation of women … above all that new sense of a common esprit de corps … which is now beginning to [tie] all our efforts together .

Then bind him tightly , so there 's no chance of him harming himself .
then [tie] him tightly , so there 's no chance of him harming himself .

There is an additional double bind for men in that they are very often the cause of the woman 's tears ; it may well be their behaviour that has caused the distress .
there is an additional double [tie] for men in that they are very often the cause of the woman 's tears ; it may well be their behaviour that has caused the distress .

Blot : That sounds as if you think we 're caught in a double bind from which there 's no escape .
blot : that sounds as if you think we 're caught in a double [tie] from which there 's no escape .

Committees may be classified according to the power they exercise , distinguishing between those having the power to bind the parent body and those without such power .
committees may be classified according to the power they exercise , distinguishing between those having the power to [tie] the parent body and those without such power .

Cement is the term in common use for a powder which hardens when mixed with water and is used to bind together aggregates of gravel and stone to produce concrete .
cement is the term in common use for a powder which hardens when mixed with water and is used to [tie] together aggregates of gravel and stone to produce concrete .

These so-called ‘ pills ’ are made with a handful of coarse bonemeal and sufficient wet clay to bind it together .
these so-called ‘ pills ’ are made with a handful of coarse bonemeal and sufficient wet clay to [tie] it together .

In an interview for L'Humanité published on 5 April Karmal rejected ‘ any plan aimed at the adoption of decisions in our stead ’ , including efforts ‘ to bind us to a so-called ‘ neutralisation ’ , which represents in fact only one of the forms of neo-colonialism ’ .
in an interview for l'humanité published on 5 april karmal rejected ‘ any plan aimed at the adoption of decisions in our stead ’ , including efforts ‘ to [tie] us to a so-called ‘ neutralisation ’ , which represents in fact only one of the forms of neo-colonialism ’ .

It begins with a detailed knowledge of the target sit on the macro molecule to which the drug — a much smaller molecule — must bind itself .
it begins with a detailed knowledge of the target sit on the macro molecule to which the drug — a much smaller molecule — must [tie] itself .

Also , it will only bind the other party to the dispute if a similar provision is contained in that tenant 's lease .
also , it will only [tie] the other party to the dispute if a similar provision is contained in that tenant 's lease .

It is therefore vital that a business which seeks to have its terms accepted by a trading partner should have them accepted by someone with authority to bind the trading partner .
it is therefore vital that a business which seeks to have its terms accepted by a trading partner should have them accepted by someone with authority to [tie] the trading partner .

In the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the Registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the Registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .
in the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the registry to [tie] up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .

Such a person is in a serious bind because expressing his anger will drive away or make hostile the very people he is dependent on .
such a person is in a serious [tie] because expressing his anger will drive away or make hostile the very people he is dependent on .

The bind arises when the speaker expresses two or more messages which are incompatible , at different levels of communication .
the [tie] arises when the speaker expresses two or more messages which are incompatible , at different levels of communication .

The individual is prevented from commenting on the inconsistencies in that if he attempts to do so , he is met by condemnation that increases the confusing bind ( Bateson et al .
the individual is prevented from commenting on the inconsistencies in that if he attempts to do so , he is met by condemnation that increases the confusing [tie] ( bateson et al .

Harry Saltzman , the producer of the James Bond pictures , objected to both Charles Hawtrey 's being called Agent 001 and to the name Charlie Bind .
harry saltzman , the producer of the james bond pictures , objected to both charles hawtrey 's being called agent 001 and to the name charlie [tie] .

Article 6 provides that unfair terms shall not bind the consumer but that the contract shall continue to bind the parties upon the remaining terms if it is capable of continuing in existence without the unfair terms .
article 6 provides that unfair terms shall not [tie] the consumer but that the contract shall continue to [tie] the parties upon the remaining terms if it is capable of continuing in existence without the unfair terms .

The special issues in the ticket cases revolve around whether the party whom it is sought to bind under the conditions on the ticket had actual or constructive knowledge of their existence .
the special issues in the ticket cases revolve around whether the party whom it is sought to [tie] under the conditions on the ticket had actual or constructive knowledge of their existence .

The first relevant principle to be derived from the ticket cases in the case of contracts placed on standard terms and conditions is that , if the party whom it is sought to bind knows that there is a set of standard terms which the other party intends should apply to the contract , and he enters into the contract on this basis , he will be bound by them .
the first relevant principle to be derived from the ticket cases in the case of contracts placed on standard terms and conditions is that , if the party whom it is sought to [tie] knows that there is a set of standard terms which the other party intends should apply to the contract , and he enters into the contract on this basis , he will be bound by them .

Here they rely on the principles in the ticket cases which require a reasonable attempt to give notice to a party of the existence of terms and conditions by which it is intended to bind him .
here they rely on the principles in the ticket cases which require a reasonable attempt to give notice to a party of the existence of terms and conditions by which it is intended to [tie] him .

Where conditions are incorporated by reference it is also prudent and , according to some authorities , necessary , to offer to the party whom it is sought to bind by them a reasonable opportunity for inspection ( see Parker v South Eastern Railway , above ) .
where conditions are incorporated by reference it is also prudent and , according to some authorities , necessary , to offer to the party whom it is sought to [tie] by them a reasonable opportunity for inspection ( see parker v south eastern railway , above ) .

Clause 11 of Precedent 1 is a very short form of confidentiality clause , which is mutually binding , while cl 11.1 of Precedent 2 is inserted by the buyer only to bind the seller .
clause 11 of precedent 1 is a very short form of confidentiality clause , which is mutually binding , while cl 11.1 of precedent 2 is inserted by the buyer only to [tie] the seller .

1.3 These Conditions shall override any contrary different or additional terms or conditions ( if any ) contained on or referred to in an order form or other documents or correspondence from the Purchaser , and no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will bind the Seller or form part of any Order unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on the Seller 's behalf .
1.3 these conditions shall override any contrary different or additional terms or conditions ( if any ) contained on or referred to in an order form or other documents or correspondence from the purchaser , and no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will [tie] the seller or form part of any order unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on the seller 's behalf .

1.1 No addition alteration or substitution of these terms will bind us or form part of any contract unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on our behalf .
1.1 no addition alteration or substitution of these terms will [tie] us or form part of any contract unless they are expressly accepted in writing by a person authorised to sign on our behalf .

( a ) The Agency Principle Section 5 of the Partnership Act ( power of partner to bind the firm ) states that : Every partner is an agent of the firm and his other partners for the purpose of the business of the partnership ; and the acts of every partner who does any act for carrying on in the usual way of business of the kind carried on by the firm of which he is a member bind the firm and his partners , unless the partner so acting has in fact no authority to act for the firm in the particular matter , and the person with whom he is dealing either knows that he has no authority , or does not know or believe him to be a partner .
( a ) the agency principle section 5 of the partnership act ( power of partner to [tie] the firm ) states that : every partner is an agent of the firm and his other partners for the purpose of the business of the partnership ; and the acts of every partner who does any act for carrying on in the usual way of business of the kind carried on by the firm of which he is a member [tie] the firm and his partners , unless the partner so acting has in fact no authority to act for the firm in the particular matter , and the person with whom he is dealing either knows that he has no authority , or does not know or believe him to be a partner .

As between themselves the authority of individual partners to bind the firm can be properly circumscribed by agreement in effective variation of the basic principle set out in this section .
as between themselves the authority of individual partners to [tie] the firm can be properly circumscribed by agreement in effective variation of the basic principle set out in this section .

This is made clear by s8 of the Partnership Act as follows : If it has been agreed between the partners that any restriction shall be placed on the power of any one or more of them to bind the firm , no act done in contravention of the agreement is binding on the firm with respect to persons having notice of the agreement .
this is made clear by s8 of the partnership act as follows : if it has been agreed between the partners that any restriction shall be placed on the power of any one or more of them to [tie] the firm , no act done in contravention of the agreement is binding on the firm with respect to persons having notice of the agreement .

Acts done by a partner outside the normal course of the firm 's business will generally not bind the firm unless his co-partners have expressly authorised or subsequently ratified those acts .
acts done by a partner outside the normal course of the firm 's business will generally not [tie] the firm unless his co-partners have expressly authorised or subsequently ratified those acts .

( c ) Liability of partners to third parties By s6 of the Partnership Act : An act or instrument relating to the business of the firm and done or executed in the firm-name , or in any other manner showing an intention to bind the firm , by any person thereto authorised , whether a partner or not , is binding on the firm and all the partners .
( c ) liability of partners to third parties by s6 of the partnership act : an act or instrument relating to the business of the firm and done or executed in the firm-name , or in any other manner showing an intention to [tie] the firm , by any person thereto authorised , whether a partner or not , is binding on the firm and all the partners .

Only that sort of provision will bind the parties in advance .
only that sort of provision will [tie] the parties in advance .

There is modern authority to the effect that if the valuer knows his valuation will affect or bind another person besides his client … then he can claim an arbitrator 's immunity .
there is modern authority to the effect that if the valuer knows his valuation will affect or [tie] another person besides his client … then he can claim an arbitrator 's immunity .

This would suggest that shareholders by agreement can bind themselves to vote in a particular way and can then be compelled to vote accordingly .
this would suggest that shareholders by agreement can [tie] themselves to vote in a particular way and can then be compelled to vote accordingly .

Vicarious performance of a personal contract will not discharge the vendor nor bind the customer .
vicarious performance of a personal contract will not discharge the vendor nor [tie] the customer .

Given that the object of the exercise was to focus attention on the linguistic devices which bind the story together , the first step was to dismantle the text entirely .
given that the object of the exercise was to focus attention on the linguistic devices which [tie] the story together , the first step was to dismantle the text entirely .

Treaties bind consenting parties only , and strangers to any treaty are legally unaffected by it .
treaties [tie] consenting parties only , and strangers to any treaty are legally unaffected by it .

As early as 1917 Roxburgh demonstrated that many municipal legal systems had developed devices to avoid the restrictions and inconveniences caused by a rigid adherence to the analogous rule that contracts bind only parties to them , a process that continues .
as early as 1917 roxburgh demonstrated that many municipal legal systems had developed devices to avoid the restrictions and inconveniences caused by a rigid adherence to the analogous rule that contracts [tie] only parties to them , a process that continues .

This is true both of the mutual exchange of rights and obligations by the parties and of provisions intended to bind third parties .
this is true both of the mutual exchange of rights and obligations by the parties and of provisions intended to [tie] third parties .

Article 34 of the Vienna Convention applies to itself so that like other treaties it can not bind third parties .
article 34 of the vienna convention applies to itself so that like other treaties it can not [tie] third parties .

An unregistered treaty remained valid under Article 18 , whereas an obligation does not bind a third party unless it has manifested its consent .
an unregistered treaty remained valid under article 18 , whereas an obligation does not [tie] a third party unless it has manifested its consent .

The parties to a treaty may utilise specific devices to bind third parties to a treaty regime or to guarantee the provisions of the treaty .
the parties to a treaty may utilise specific devices to [tie] third parties to a treaty regime or to guarantee the provisions of the treaty .

However , if the third party were informed of the agreement and assented thereto , a novation could be implied , effective to bind the third party .
however , if the third party were informed of the agreement and assented thereto , a novation could be implied , effective to [tie] the third party .

While the parties to an agreement creating a new State may have intended that rights and obligations contained in the treaty would bind the new State , it is not apparent that the new State has consented to them .
while the parties to an agreement creating a new state may have intended that rights and obligations contained in the treaty would [tie] the new state , it is not apparent that the new state has consented to them .

Whose arm doth bind the restless wave .
whose arm doth [tie] the restless wave .

She felt that her heart would burst with the ache of love , and searched in her mind for words that would bind him to her and bring him back .
she felt that her heart would burst with the ache of love , and searched in her mind for words that would [tie] him to her and bring him back .

Law consulted Balfour and replied that Balfour had not promised in such a way as to bind his successor .
law consulted balfour and replied that balfour had not promised in such a way as to [tie] his successor .

‘ It 's a bind ; a poor return for the hours the average county cricketer puts in .
‘ it 's a [tie] ; a poor return for the hours the average county cricketer puts in .

Government has a responsibility , as well , to ensure that it promotes the common moral values that bind us together as a Nation .
government has a responsibility , as well , to ensure that it promotes the common moral values that [tie] us together as a nation .

The doctrine of consideration provides that a promise will bind the promisor only if it is given as the price for another 's promise or as the price for an action which involves a detriment to the promisee .
the doctrine of consideration provides that a promise will [tie] the promisor only if it is given as the price for another 's promise or as the price for an action which involves a detriment to the promisee .

Learn to use linking devices that help to bind your argument together more tightly .
learn to use linking devices that help to [tie] your argument together more tightly .

34 ) because it was evolved during the 15th and 16th centuries from the magnificent tooled leather covers used to bind the Koran ; these had themselves been inspired by the inside of a mosque dome , with its central boss and intricately decorated surround .
34 ) because it was evolved during the 15th and 16th centuries from the magnificent tooled leather covers used to [tie] the koran ; these had themselves been inspired by the inside of a mosque dome , with its central boss and intricately decorated surround .

Human readers have little difficulty in following the focus of this text , due to their ability to make elaborative inferences and recognise the thematic links that bind the sentences together into a cohesive whole .
human readers have little difficulty in following the focus of this text , due to their ability to make elaborative inferences and recognise the thematic links that [tie] the sentences together into a cohesive whole .

While the negotiability of international bills of exchange was recognized as early as 1603 , and of domestic bills less than a hundred years later , Chief Justice Holt refused to extend the principle to promissory notes , which ‘ are only an invention of the goldsmiths in Lombard Street , who had a mind to make a law to bind all those that did deal with them ’ .
while the negotiability of international bills of exchange was recognized as early as 1603 , and of domestic bills less than a hundred years later , chief justice holt refused to extend the principle to promissory notes , which ‘ are only an invention of the goldsmiths in lombard street , who had a mind to make a law to [tie] all those that did deal with them ’ .

Specimen signatures of those who are entitled to bind the firm or the company must be deposited with the Companies Registry ( ‘ procura ’ ) .
specimen signatures of those who are entitled to [tie] the firm or the company must be deposited with the companies registry ( ‘ procura ’ ) .

In Leeds , for example , some magistrates are deciding to use the powers to bind over parents for a sum of money : if the child reoffends the cash if forfeit .
in leeds , for example , some magistrates are deciding to use the powers to [tie] over parents for a sum of money : if the child reoffends the cash if forfeit .

What this example of structural bind illustrates is that many structural devices ( systems , hierarchies ) are a major cause of dissatisfaction .
what this example of structural [tie] illustrates is that many structural devices ( systems , hierarchies ) are a major cause of dissatisfaction .

But there are also extensive external networks ( formal and informal ; electronic , written and oral ) to which we have links , and which in various ways bind us to the rest of the actors in the firm .
but there are also extensive external networks ( formal and informal ; electronic , written and oral ) to which we have links , and which in various ways [tie] us to the rest of the actors in the firm .

Despite the measures taken to bind the peasantry to the land , rural conditions drove a small percentage to the cities in search of work .
despite the measures taken to [tie] the peasantry to the land , rural conditions drove a small percentage to the cities in search of work .

The food was scant : weeks when the only thing available was tortillas bind salt .
the food was scant : weeks when the only thing available was tortillas [tie] salt .

The orthodox viewpoint is that , as each successive Parliament has the power to pass or repeal any legislation , any attempt to bind Parliament by entrenching a statutory provision , would be ineffective .
the orthodox viewpoint is that , as each successive parliament has the power to pass or repeal any legislation , any attempt to [tie] parliament by entrenching a statutory provision , would be ineffective .

( c ) Parliament could not bind its successors as to the content , manner and form of subsequent legislation .
( c ) parliament could not [tie] its successors as to the content , manner and form of subsequent legislation .

The traditional view is that Parliament has no power to bind its successors either as to the manner or as to the form of subsequent legislation .
the traditional view is that parliament has no power to [tie] its successors either as to the manner or as to the form of subsequent legislation .

This technique , used in combination with agents which bind to specific membrane components and induce identifiable lesions in membrane replicas [ e.g .
this technique , used in combination with agents which [tie] to specific membrane components and induce identifiable lesions in membrane replicas [ e.g .

That rap is snapping away at the threads that bind the hypocrisy of society is now an acknowledged fact .
that rap is snapping away at the threads that [tie] the hypocrisy of society is now an acknowledged fact .

So far we have been describing the ways in which the processes of socialisation and internalisation come to bind societies together and reproduce practices and institutions .
so far we have been describing the ways in which the processes of socialisation and internalisation come to [tie] societies together and reproduce practices and institutions .

All these figures of authority act in some degree as agents of social control , making decisions and issuing instructions which will bind those dependent on , or subordinate to them .
all these figures of authority act in some degree as agents of social control , making decisions and issuing instructions which will [tie] those dependent on , or subordinate to them .

In 1962 Piero Pieri addressed a Parisian audience on how he saw military history ‘ spilling over ’ into other aspects and specialisms of history , creating chain reactions which would bind them all together .
in 1962 piero pieri addressed a parisian audience on how he saw military history ‘ spilling over ’ into other aspects and specialisms of history , creating chain reactions which would [tie] them all together .

These steps can be built directly on the earth , bedding the paving materials in concrete to bind them together .
these steps can be built directly on the earth , bedding the paving materials in concrete to [tie] them together .

the insured value of the vessel will bind Insurers and in the event of a total loss we would pay the sum insured — not the current market value as in motor insurance .
the insured value of the vessel will [tie] insurers and in the event of a total loss we would pay the sum insured — not the current market value as in motor insurance .

Remember also that a vocational degree does not bind you to one particular field of employment .
remember also that a vocational degree does not [tie] you to one particular field of employment .

Furthermore , whatever the unease felt in London when Washington later decided that the bombers should be stationed permanently in Britain , this was accepted as part of the price that had to be paid in order to bind the Americans as tightly as possible to Nato and the defence of Europe .
furthermore , whatever the unease felt in london when washington later decided that the bombers should be stationed permanently in britain , this was accepted as part of the price that had to be paid in order to [tie] the americans as tightly as possible to nato and the defence of europe .

It also saw one very important new development ; its extension far more than in the past to bind Europe to other continents .
it also saw one very important new development ; its extension far more than in the past to [tie] europe to other continents .

Are the auditors bound to report ? Note that the contract can not bind those who are not party to it .
are the auditors bound to report ? note that the contract can not [tie] those who are not party to it .

An arch of stones , for instance , is a stable structure capable of standing for many years even if there is no cement to bind it .
an arch of stones , for instance , is a stable structure capable of standing for many years even if there is no cement to [tie] it .

FastLynx takes the bind out of file transfer .
fastlynx takes the [tie] out of file transfer .

This man , out of all men , held the power to tantalise and entice , to bind her to himself .
this man , out of all men , held the power to tantalise and entice , to [tie] her to himself .

‘ You thed you could read by bind , ’ he said indistinctly .
‘ you thed you could read by [tie] , ’ he said indistinctly .

Twenty years ago , the technology needed to bind the individual media together simply did not exist .
twenty years ago , the technology needed to [tie] the individual media together simply did not exist .

The next stage was the lierne vault where many small lierne or tie ribs ( so-called after the French word lier = to bind ) are used at different angles to connect the main ribs to form an intricate geometrical pattern .
the next stage was the lierne vault where many small lierne or tie ribs ( so-called after the french word lier = to [tie] ) are used at different angles to connect the main ribs to form an intricate geometrical pattern .

‘ Bind him on his own horse — it will go better under him than another .
‘ [tie] him on his own horse — it will go better under him than another .

What did it matter if Gran took all day to bind the cloths round her aching knees so she could walk ?
what did it matter if gran took all day to [tie] the cloths round her aching knees so she could walk ?

Perhaps it is the extraordinary popularity of The Color Purple that has led some critics to accuse it of being an uncontentious , sentimental and harmless piece of libertarianism , a family homily that is not just optimistic but eventually even utopian . Here Alice Walker finds herself in a typical double bind : the cultural and political conditions of her novel are deracinated ; it becomes immensely popular among white middle-class readers who , unsurprisingly , have read few other black writers ; it is accused of assuaging white guilt , of being charmingly apolitical …
perhaps it is the extraordinary popularity of the color purple that has led some critics to accuse it of being an uncontentious , sentimental and harmless piece of libertarianism , a family homily that is not just optimistic but eventually even utopian . here alice walker finds herself in a typical double [tie] : the cultural and political conditions of her novel are deracinated ; it becomes immensely popular among white middle-class readers who , unsurprisingly , have read few other black writers ; it is accused of assuaging white guilt , of being charmingly apolitical …

Gentleman is terrified of saying anything that would upset his trade union paymasters ; secondly , he is afraid to do anything that would remind the electorate of the chains that bind his party to those paymasters — the bosses of the trade unions .
gentleman is terrified of saying anything that would upset his trade union paymasters ; secondly , he is afraid to do anything that would remind the electorate of the chains that [tie] his party to those paymasters — the bosses of the trade unions .

It has more than fulfilled its founding fathers ' two objectives : to rebuild the economy of a shattered Europe , and to bury the hatchet between France and Germany and so bind together the nations of Europe that they would never go to war again .
it has more than fulfilled its founding fathers ' two objectives : to rebuild the economy of a shattered europe , and to bury the hatchet between france and germany and so [tie] together the nations of europe that they would never go to war again .

While the new order clearly meant that the Community law supplanted existing statute law , the concept that it should likewise override any later Acts of Parliament caused some legal debate , for it seemed to run contrary to the doctrine that no Parliament might bind its successors ( Howe , op .
while the new order clearly meant that the community law supplanted existing statute law , the concept that it should likewise override any later acts of parliament caused some legal debate , for it seemed to run contrary to the doctrine that no parliament might [tie] its successors ( howe , op .

As to whether national governments are still ultimately in charge , the only matter left to be resolved is whether they retain the means to call a halt to the whole process by which law-making is rapidly ceasing to be their responsibility . Is it still feasible for the British Parliament to pass an Act repealing or amending the 1972 European Communities Act which enshrined the Treaty of Rome in British law ? What , in particular , remains of the doctrine of the sovereignty of Parliament by which no one Parliament may bind the actions of its successor ?
as to whether national governments are still ultimately in charge , the only matter left to be resolved is whether they retain the means to call a halt to the whole process by which law-making is rapidly ceasing to be their responsibility . is it still feasible for the british parliament to pass an act repealing or amending the 1972 european communities act which enshrined the treaty of rome in british law ? what , in particular , remains of the doctrine of the sovereignty of parliament by which no one parliament may [tie] the actions of its successor ?

In a contrasting approach , a number of writers have introduced the possibility that private agents , such as firms or workers , may bind themselves to fixed prices over periods long enough to permit within-period reaction by policy-makers .
in a contrasting approach , a number of writers have introduced the possibility that private agents , such as firms or workers , may [tie] themselves to fixed prices over periods long enough to permit within-period reaction by policy-makers .

But if that curtesy were moved by a suit or request of the party that gives the assumpsit , it will bind , for the promise , though it follows , yet it is not naked , but couples itself with the suit before , and the merits of the party procured by that suit , which is the difference .
but if that curtesy were moved by a suit or request of the party that gives the assumpsit , it will [tie] , for the promise , though it follows , yet it is not naked , but couples itself with the suit before , and the merits of the party procured by that suit , which is the difference .

In any case , the vacuous character of ( 14 ) and ( 15 ) can apparently be reduced or even made to disappear by various means without changing the elements or touching the intensional relations which bind them together .
in any case , the vacuous character of ( 14 ) and ( 15 ) can apparently be reduced or even made to disappear by various means without changing the elements or touching the intensional relations which [tie] them together .

He can `` bind and make loose `` .
he can `` [tie] and make loose `` .

142 ( 2 ) The obligation under a condition or of a covenant entered into by a lessor with reference to the subject-matter of the lease shall , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the reversionary estate immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , be annexed and incident to and shall go with that reversionary estate , or the several parts thereof , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and may be taken advantage of and enforced by the person in whom the term is from time to time vested by conveyance , devolution in law , or otherwise ; and , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the person from time to time entitled to that reversionary estate , the obligation aforesaid may be taken advantage of and enforced against any person so entitled .
142 ( 2 ) the obligation under a condition or of a covenant entered into by a lessor with reference to the subject-matter of the lease shall , if and as far as the lessor has power to [tie] the reversionary estate immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , be annexed and incident to and shall go with that reversionary estate , or the several parts thereof , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and may be taken advantage of and enforced by the person in whom the term is from time to time vested by conveyance , devolution in law , or otherwise ; and , if and as far as the lessor has power to [tie] the person from time to time entitled to that reversionary estate , the obligation aforesaid may be taken advantage of and enforced against any person so entitled .

Firstly , they bind a piece of writing together as a single entity , giving it a connectedness that makes it read as a whole rather than as a string of separate jottings .
firstly , they [tie] a piece of writing together as a single entity , giving it a connectedness that makes it read as a whole rather than as a string of separate jottings .

Much recreation was associated with occasions which served to bind the community and emphasise its cohesiveness .
much recreation was associated with occasions which served to [tie] the community and emphasise its cohesiveness .

Chop the cherries , mix with the coconut and enough egg white to bind .
chop the cherries , mix with the coconut and enough egg white to [tie] .

Carbachol , gastrin , and histamine all bind to specific receptors on parietal cell plasma membranes .
carbachol , gastrin , and histamine all [tie] to specific receptors on parietal cell plasma membranes .

They suggested that dietary phosphate inhibits this protective effect of calcium , because phosphate will also bind luminal calcium ions and thus reduce the amount of calcium available for fatty acid and bile acid precipitation .
they suggested that dietary phosphate inhibits this protective effect of calcium , because phosphate will also [tie] luminal calcium ions and thus reduce the amount of calcium available for fatty acid and bile acid precipitation .

Also , sucralfate was found in this study to bind labelled bFGF in vitro in a pH related manner .
also , sucralfate was found in this study to [tie] labelled bfgf in vitro in a ph related manner .

It is difficult to define the absolute composition of fasting gastric juice since it is unavoidably contaminated by saliva , and often bile and pancreatic uice , and because mucus may bind metals strongly .
it is difficult to define the absolute composition of fasting gastric juice since it is unavoidably contaminated by saliva , and often bile and pancreatic uice , and because mucus may [tie] metals strongly .

Bind me up with granite ,
[tie] me up with granite ,

’ Since there is no necessary chemical connection between the substances which bind to allosteric proteins , and the chemical reactions those proteins catalyse , it follows that the results of metabolism , although fully interpretable by the laws of chemistry , are not dictated by those laws , but by the physiological needs of the organism , and ultimately by natural selection .
’ since there is no necessary chemical connection between the substances which [tie] to allosteric proteins , and the chemical reactions those proteins catalyse , it follows that the results of metabolism , although fully interpretable by the laws of chemistry , are not dictated by those laws , but by the physiological needs of the organism , and ultimately by natural selection .

When , for example , Alexander Gordon of Strathdon came to Elgin on 5 November 1539 to bind himself in manrent to George earl of Huntly , promising to serve him in peace and war , give him counsel , and protect him against harm , he was only one of many hundreds of men throughout the country during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries making such an obligation , and thereby creating strong personal relationships based always in theory and normally in reality not just on mutual self-interest but on mutual loyalty and trust .
when , for example , alexander gordon of strathdon came to elgin on 5 november 1539 to [tie] himself in manrent to george earl of huntly , promising to serve him in peace and war , give him counsel , and protect him against harm , he was only one of many hundreds of men throughout the country during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries making such an obligation , and thereby creating strong personal relationships based always in theory and normally in reality not just on mutual self-interest but on mutual loyalty and trust .

In one stride he was bounding smoothly along , a poem of controlled motion ; in the next , his bind legs stiffened and refused to function .
in one stride he was bounding smoothly along , a poem of controlled motion ; in the next , his [tie] legs stiffened and refused to function .

At Rome in the 250s a split occurred between the rigorists led by Novatian who believed that for apostates there could be no restoration in this life , and those who saw no restriction in the Lord 's committal of the power of the keys to bind and loose .
at rome in the 250s a split occurred between the rigorists led by novatian who believed that for apostates there could be no restoration in this life , and those who saw no restriction in the lord 's committal of the power of the keys to [tie] and loose .

She could cure sheep of all ills , and if anyone cut themselves , she would bind cobwebs into the hurt .
she could cure sheep of all ills , and if anyone cut themselves , she would [tie] cobwebs into the hurt .

But would the superficially reassuring figure of Mr Smith get Labour out of its bind ? He is already being blamed by some sections of the party for the redistributive tax plans which , it is said , lost Labour potential support .
but would the superficially reassuring figure of mr smith get labour out of its [tie] ? he is already being blamed by some sections of the party for the redistributive tax plans which , it is said , lost labour potential support .

There is no telling how many borrowers and banks are in the same bind , but it is familiar to householders , who have found that they can neither keep up with their mortgages or sell their houses on terms which would not bankrupt them .
there is no telling how many borrowers and banks are in the same [tie] , but it is familiar to householders , who have found that they can neither keep up with their mortgages or sell their houses on terms which would not bankrupt them .

An account has already been given of the proprietary and contractual disabilities of married women at Common Law and the creation by the Court of Chancery of an equitable separate estate which a married woman could freely deal with and bind by her contracts , so far as no restraint on anticipation had been imposed , and which , in any case , she could dispose of by will .
an account has already been given of the proprietary and contractual disabilities of married women at common law and the creation by the court of chancery of an equitable separate estate which a married woman could freely deal with and [tie] by her contracts , so far as no restraint on anticipation had been imposed , and which , in any case , she could dispose of by will .

By her contracts or her torts she could bind only her separate property .
by her contracts or her torts she could [tie] only her separate property .

She could not bind herself personally , with the result that she could not be made a bankrupt , unless she was carrying on a trade .
she could not [tie] herself personally , with the result that she could not be made a bankrupt , unless she was carrying on a trade .

The rules of a society and the trusts which bind its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered Trade Unions and Friendly Societies , which have received a peculiar status by Statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .
the rules of a society and the trusts which [tie] its property will , in many cases , fetter its freedom of action and the application of its property , in a way very similar to the restrictions which the doctrine of ultra vires imposes on a corporation ; and in the case of some unincorporated societies , such as registered trade unions and friendly societies , which have received a peculiar status by statute , the rule of ultra vires has been held directly applicable .

50g/2oz/¼ cup wild rice , cooked 15g/½oz dried mushrooms 15g/&oz butter 1 small onion , finely chopped 25g/1oz wholewheat breadcrumbs 1 × 5ml/tsp freshly chopped sage salt and pepper beaten egg to bind
50g/2oz/¼ cup wild rice , cooked 15g/½oz dried mushrooms 15g/&oz butter 1 small onion , finely chopped 25g/1oz wholewheat breadcrumbs 1 × 5ml/tsp freshly chopped sage salt and pepper beaten egg to [tie]

Mix well , then bind together with a little beaten egg .
mix well , then [tie] together with a little beaten egg .

Flimsy as each thread may seem , such a network , they hope , can start to bind the three peoples together , and link them to other European countries whose help might gradually reduce their sense of insecurity .
flimsy as each thread may seem , such a network , they hope , can start to [tie] the three peoples together , and link them to other european countries whose help might gradually reduce their sense of insecurity .

It gets into water supplies in two ways : either from acid soils , where it becomes soluble at low pH ( there are huge amounts in the soil and these are washed out by acid rain where there is little organic matter to bind the aluminium ) , or by being deliberately added to peaty water to remove the suspended organic matter and make the water clear , by a similar chemical process .
it gets into water supplies in two ways : either from acid soils , where it becomes soluble at low ph ( there are huge amounts in the soil and these are washed out by acid rain where there is little organic matter to [tie] the aluminium ) , or by being deliberately added to peaty water to remove the suspended organic matter and make the water clear , by a similar chemical process .

The new Germany was to bind Prussia in and neutralise her : it was to accord a security to the other states which they would otherwise have lacked .
the new germany was to [tie] prussia in and neutralise her : it was to accord a security to the other states which they would otherwise have lacked .

Therefore the Love which doth us bind ,
therefore the love which doth us [tie] ,

Stir the flour , suet , cinnamon and baking powder together then mix in the liquid to bind .
stir the flour , suet , cinnamon and baking powder together then mix in the liquid to [tie] .

2 oz each lard and butter 4 oz each plain and wholemeal flour 2½ tbsp orange juice to bind
2 oz each lard and butter 4 oz each plain and wholemeal flour 2½ tbsp orange juice to [tie]

Mix in the orange juice to bind .
mix in the orange juice to [tie] .

Quarks bind together to make up larger particles such as the protons and neutrons found in the atomic nucleus .
quarks [tie] together to make up larger particles such as the protons and neutrons found in the atomic nucleus .

‘ Do we ask Sir John to restrain the soldiers — which he can not do — or do we bind him not to pursue or hound us for this action ?
‘ do we ask sir john to restrain the soldiers — which he can not do — or do we [tie] him not to pursue or hound us for this action ?

• Heavy clay is made up chiefly of tiny soil particles which bind together tightly and cling to the water around them , making the clay sticky and difficult to work .
• heavy clay is made up chiefly of tiny soil particles which [tie] together tightly and cling to the water around them , making the clay sticky and difficult to work .

Catholics and protestants became more and more segregated by school , as the Roman catholic bishops sought to bind in their flocks from outside influences , on the one hand to protect them from proselytism , and on the other to use the schools as a vehicle for the maintenance and development of faith .
catholics and protestants became more and more segregated by school , as the roman catholic bishops sought to [tie] in their flocks from outside influences , on the one hand to protect them from proselytism , and on the other to use the schools as a vehicle for the maintenance and development of faith .

Cutter-bar and rotary mowers are rather unsuitable because they leave the swathe lying in the direction of cut with heads and butts mixed ; it is then difficult to pick up , sort , and bind the sheaves .
cutter-bar and rotary mowers are rather unsuitable because they leave the swathe lying in the direction of cut with heads and butts mixed ; it is then difficult to pick up , sort , and [tie] the sheaves .

part of the problem at Biddulph was that the hospital service was being reorganized , and the outgoing authority would not bind the hands of its successor by making a decision .
part of the problem at biddulph was that the hospital service was being reorganized , and the outgoing authority would not [tie] the hands of its successor by making a decision .

Havel 's protagonist is a philosopher caught in a double bind .
havel 's protagonist is a philosopher caught in a double [tie] .

While Hogarth is much less of a presence than his aqueous predecessor , his arrival has caused Marillion to bind closer together as a unit .
while hogarth is much less of a presence than his aqueous predecessor , his arrival has caused marillion to [tie] closer together as a unit .

It therefore occurred to the canon lawyers — a rarefied group of experts — that Church law , framed by the Church organs and then approved by the sovereign , could achieve the canons which would bind consciences .
it therefore occurred to the canon lawyers — a rarefied group of experts — that church law , framed by the church organs and then approved by the sovereign , could achieve the canons which would [tie] consciences .

Yet sport did not bind the whole of the bourgeoisie and the aristocracy together .
yet sport did not [tie] the whole of the bourgeoisie and the aristocracy together .

The quatrain poems bind up such sympathies with a way of thinking which owed much to anthropology and Eliot 's growing wish to include in his work the worlds of both the savage and the city .
the quatrain poems [tie] up such sympathies with a way of thinking which owed much to anthropology and eliot 's growing wish to include in his work the worlds of both the savage and the city .

How far unions are binding , how far they are exclusive , how long they last , whether they bind men and women equally , whether sexual unions are public or merely private matters , whether the recognition of unions is inevitably linked with the legitimation of children — all these questions and many more are so variable that many anthropologists would argue that is not possible to give a valid universal definition of marriage [ Leach , 1961 ] .
how far unions are binding , how far they are exclusive , how long they last , whether they [tie] men and women equally , whether sexual unions are public or merely private matters , whether the recognition of unions is inevitably linked with the legitimation of children — all these questions and many more are so variable that many anthropologists would argue that is not possible to give a valid universal definition of marriage [ leach , 1961 ] .

Dr Sasaki , who believed that the enemy had hit only the building he was in , got bandages and began to bind the wounds of those inside the hospital ; while outside , all over Hiroshima , maimed and dying citizens turned their unsteady steps toward the Red Cross Hospital to begin an invasion that was to make Dr Sasaki forget his own private nightmares for a long , long time … .
dr sasaki , who believed that the enemy had hit only the building he was in , got bandages and began to [tie] the wounds of those inside the hospital ; while outside , all over hiroshima , maimed and dying citizens turned their unsteady steps toward the red cross hospital to begin an invasion that was to make dr sasaki forget his own private nightmares for a long , long time … .

If this is eaten by an insect , the alkaline conditions in its gut cause the crystal to dissolve , allowing gut enzymes to cleave the protoxins and release the active toxins of mass 60–70 000. δ-Endotoxins bind specifically to receptors found on the gut cell membranes of the susceptible insects .
if this is eaten by an insect , the alkaline conditions in its gut cause the crystal to dissolve , allowing gut enzymes to cleave the protoxins and release the active toxins of mass 60–70 000. δ-endotoxins [tie] specifically to receptors found on the gut cell membranes of the susceptible insects .

This preference is said to arise ‘ because the [ zeolite ] cage is too small to admit larger ions and too large to bind smaller ones strongly .
this preference is said to arise ‘ because the [ zeolite ] cage is too small to admit larger ions and too large to [tie] smaller ones strongly .

It would be difficult to construct a more misleading description of zeolite ion-exchange selectivity ! Caesium is , of course , the largest simple cation in the periodic table and zeolites are widely used as detergent builders to ‘ bind ’ smaller ions , eg Ca 2+ .
it would be difficult to construct a more misleading description of zeolite ion-exchange selectivity ! caesium is , of course , the largest simple cation in the periodic table and zeolites are widely used as detergent builders to ‘ [tie] ’ smaller ions , eg ca 2+ .

Greenaway 's obsessively elaborating and allusive aesthetics have always been strangely at odds with his reductive philosophy , but the insistent paranoid patterns — lists , correspondences , arcane games — which in earlier films served to bind them together are much less in evidence in the new film .
greenaway 's obsessively elaborating and allusive aesthetics have always been strangely at odds with his reductive philosophy , but the insistent paranoid patterns — lists , correspondences , arcane games — which in earlier films served to [tie] them together are much less in evidence in the new film .

Cut a tongue in each of the faces to be joined so that they interlock neatly , bind the joint with raffia and cover with grafting wax or bituminous tree paint .
cut a tongue in each of the faces to be joined so that they interlock neatly , [tie] the joint with raffia and cover with grafting wax or bituminous tree paint .

Bind in place and way the end of the branch .
[tie] in place and way the end of the branch .

Bind with raffia and wax in the usual way .
[tie] with raffia and wax in the usual way .

This path to ‘ equality ’ always puts women in a double bind , seeking to be twice as good , yet always failing to be adequate .
this path to ‘ equality ’ always puts women in a double [tie] , seeking to be twice as good , yet always failing to be adequate .

This would also bind an eventually merged Germany , which the Soviet Union recognises might be born when Nato and the Warsaw Pact give way to a new European security system .
this would also [tie] an eventually merged germany , which the soviet union recognises might be born when nato and the warsaw pact give way to a new european security system .

This would also bind an eventually merged Germany , which the Soviet Union recognises might be born when Nato and the Warsaw Pact give way to a new European security system .
this would also [tie] an eventually merged germany , which the soviet union recognises might be born when nato and the warsaw pact give way to a new european security system .

Haemoglobin alone is toxic so the goal is to bind the protein to a carrier to make a formulation that is safe and effective .
haemoglobin alone is toxic so the goal is to [tie] the protein to a carrier to make a formulation that is safe and effective .

Delta is negotiating commercial agreements with big health care companies around the world who are seeking to bind haemoglobin into formulations .
delta is negotiating commercial agreements with big health care companies around the world who are seeking to [tie] haemoglobin into formulations .

It is to help them act on reasons which bind them .
it is to help them act on reasons which [tie] them .

If it is binding on individuals it has to be justified by considerations which bind them .
if it is binding on individuals it has to be justified by considerations which [tie] them .

They bind those who undertake them .
they [tie] those who undertake them .

The struggle for national independence was thus a peculiar context where the normal sets of interests and classes appeared not to bind the leaders : the skilful adventurer could almost create his or her own outcome .
the struggle for national independence was thus a peculiar context where the normal sets of interests and classes appeared not to [tie] the leaders : the skilful adventurer could almost create his or her own outcome .

CAMs allow cells to bind to each other by a mechanism in which the molecules of the CAMs show a specific affinity for each other .
cams allow cells to [tie] to each other by a mechanism in which the molecules of the cams show a specific affinity for each other .

Some proteins , like collagen in tendons , are long and thin and have rope-like properties ; others which act as enzymes fold into complex shapes which enable them to bind to other molecules .
some proteins , like collagen in tendons , are long and thin and have rope-like properties ; others which act as enzymes fold into complex shapes which enable them to [tie] to other molecules .

Without the protection of the trees to bind soil and act as a windbreak , the land can be fiercely lashed by landslides , earthquakes and storms .
without the protection of the trees to [tie] soil and act as a windbreak , the land can be fiercely lashed by landslides , earthquakes and storms .

Additives can be used to enhance the appearance of poor quality food , for example polyphosphates which bind excess water into ham or fish , increasing the volume of the product yet diluting its nutrients .
additives can be used to enhance the appearance of poor quality food , for example polyphosphates which [tie] excess water into ham or fish , increasing the volume of the product yet diluting its nutrients .

When both trunks had been hauled on to the far bank they used the ropes to bind them together at various points along their length .
when both trunks had been hauled on to the far bank they used the ropes to [tie] them together at various points along their length .

German nationalism was very largely a search for a lost , elusive , mythical unity with which to bind up the German states in a re-animated , re-invented version of German history .
german nationalism was very largely a search for a lost , elusive , mythical unity with which to [tie] up the german states in a re-animated , re-invented version of german history .

About ½ to 1 teaspoonful of fine oatmeal to bind .
about ½ to 1 teaspoonful of fine oatmeal to [tie] .

¼ ripe avocado , ½ teaspoonful of avocado or wheatgerm oil , 1 drop of chamomile or rose , about ½ a teaspoonful of fine oatmeal to bind .
¼ ripe avocado , ½ teaspoonful of avocado or wheatgerm oil , 1 drop of chamomile or rose , about ½ a teaspoonful of fine oatmeal to [tie] .

Mix in a little oatmeal to bind .
mix in a little oatmeal to [tie] .

There is no need to attract readers by displaying books in good condition — so that this motivation to bind is removed .
there is no need to attract readers by displaying books in good condition — so that this motivation to [tie] is removed .

On the other hand most research materials are retained in stock indefinitely , so that for any work where the condition has seriously deteriorated the tendency is to bind rather than to discard .
on the other hand most research materials are retained in stock indefinitely , so that for any work where the condition has seriously deteriorated the tendency is to [tie] rather than to discard .

Notice the tar boilers and the channel prepared for the tar to bind the rails to the track-bed .
notice the tar boilers and the channel prepared for the tar to [tie] the rails to the track-bed .

Heparin sulphate occurs on the surface of many cells including endothelial cells ( Lindahl & Hook , 1978 ) and there is evidence that both platelet factor 4 ( Busch et al , 1980 ) and β-thromboglobulin ( Hope et al , 1979 ) bind to cultured endothelial cells .
heparin sulphate occurs on the surface of many cells including endothelial cells ( lindahl & hook , 1978 ) and there is evidence that both platelet factor 4 ( busch et al , 1980 ) and β-thromboglobulin ( hope et al , 1979 ) [tie] to cultured endothelial cells .

The beginning of the text is evidently concerned with interpreting the testator 's intention : when he said scio did he really mean to bind his freedman to perform a trust ?
the beginning of the text is evidently concerned with interpreting the testator 's intention : when he said scio did he really mean to [tie] his freedman to perform a trust ?

Apparently the intention of the testatrix to bind her sons to performance of a trust in favour of their descendants is not sufficiently clear .
apparently the intention of the testatrix to [tie] her sons to performance of a trust in favour of their descendants is not sufficiently clear .

The concept is not a difficult one , for the last two sections have made it clear that what really mattered in setting up a trust was not the use of specific words , but the use of words or deeds which plainly expressed an intention to bind a trustee under a trust in favour of a beneficiary .
the concept is not a difficult one , for the last two sections have made it clear that what really mattered in setting up a trust was not the use of specific words , but the use of words or deeds which plainly expressed an intention to [tie] a trustee under a trust in favour of a beneficiary .

Section i concluded that the interest shown in trust wordings was a reflection of the demand that , although formless , a trust should be phrased in words which demonstrated an unequivocal intention on the part of the deceased to bind a trustee to do something for a beneficiary .
section i concluded that the interest shown in trust wordings was a reflection of the demand that , although formless , a trust should be phrased in words which demonstrated an unequivocal intention on the part of the deceased to [tie] a trustee to do something for a beneficiary .

Hypnotists are taught ‘ double bind ’ talk to gain the confidence of patients .
hypnotists are taught ‘ double [tie] ’ talk to gain the confidence of patients .

Such a link , if found , would bind the anaphor to one of its candidates .
such a link , if found , would [tie] the anaphor to one of its candidates .

The two remaining types bind to the surface of the cube .
the two remaining types [tie] to the surface of the cube .

Particular regions on the coat proteins of viruses must bind to receptor molecules in the cell membrane before the viruses can enter animal cells .
particular regions on the coat proteins of viruses must [tie] to receptor molecules in the cell membrane before the viruses can enter animal cells .

Professor Purnell Choppin and his colleagues at the Rockefeller University in New York have made peptides ( short sections of protein ) with a similar structure to the regions of virus proteins that bind to membrane receptors .
professor purnell choppin and his colleagues at the rockefeller university in new york have made peptides ( short sections of protein ) with a similar structure to the regions of virus proteins that [tie] to membrane receptors .

If enough of the synthetic peptide molecules are supplied then there might be very few free receptors left for the viruses to bind to .
if enough of the synthetic peptide molecules are supplied then there might be very few free receptors left for the viruses to [tie] to .

To take a cuisinary analogy , threads of modifier bind the irregular network regions together something like eggs bind the flour in a cake mix .
to take a cuisinary analogy , threads of modifier [tie] the irregular network regions together something like eggs [tie] the flour in a cake mix .

Before a virus can infect an animal cell it must first bind to specific receptor molecules embedded in the cell membrane .
before a virus can infect an animal cell it must first [tie] to specific receptor molecules embedded in the cell membrane .

The vital coat proteins have presumably evolved sites that will bind to these glycoproteins , which then serve as the unwitting doormen , allowing viruses to enter the cell .
the vital coat proteins have presumably evolved sites that will [tie] to these glycoproteins , which then serve as the unwitting doormen , allowing viruses to enter the cell .

Sometimes antibodies can be produced that bind to a virus but do not succeed in preventing it from entering and infecting cells ( called non-neutralising antibodies ) .
sometimes antibodies can be produced that [tie] to a virus but do not succeed in preventing it from entering and infecting cells ( called non-neutralising antibodies ) .

Receptors which bind hormones such as adrenaline and noradrenaline are widely distributed in the body .
receptors which [tie] hormones such as adrenaline and noradrenaline are widely distributed in the body .

The capacity of platelet receptor sites to bind yohimbine is known to vary with levels of the sex hormones oestrogen and progesterone .
the capacity of platelet receptor sites to [tie] yohimbine is known to vary with levels of the sex hormones oestrogen and progesterone .

Oxygen can just get into the pocket and bind to the iron but , due partly to the absence of water , ca n't oxidise it .
oxygen can just get into the pocket and [tie] to the iron but , due partly to the absence of water , ca n't oxidise it .

This tiny movement is transmitted and amplified by the atoms of the protein to the three other iron-porphyrin sites on the haemoglobin molecule , which in turn , are able to bind oxygen more quickly .
this tiny movement is transmitted and amplified by the atoms of the protein to the three other iron-porphyrin sites on the haemoglobin molecule , which in turn , are able to [tie] oxygen more quickly .

He saw them bind the arm of the man he had wounded .
he saw them [tie] the arm of the man he had wounded .

For example , knowing whether or not a particular individual is a partner may prove crucial , especially with regard to the fact ( discussed below ) that partners may bind the other members of the firm to contracts and other acts .
for example , knowing whether or not a particular individual is a partner may prove crucial , especially with regard to the fact ( discussed below ) that partners may [tie] the other members of the firm to contracts and other acts .

Authority to Bind the Firm
authority to [tie] the firm

Consequently , any act by a partner done in the ordinary course of the firm 's business will bind all the other partners .
consequently , any act by a partner done in the ordinary course of the firm 's business will [tie] all the other partners .

Nor will a limited partner be able to bind the firm .
nor will a limited partner be able to [tie] the firm .

Small sea organisms bind these marine minerals into their body structures , which then fall to the ocean floor upon their death .
small sea organisms [tie] these marine minerals into their body structures , which then fall to the ocean floor upon their death .

It is useful to bind the ends with drafting tape to avoid accidents !
it is useful to [tie] the ends with drafting tape to avoid accidents !

Some of the hormones known to affect the nervous system , such as the endorphins ( p 230 ) , now appear to bind to immune cells as well , and probably influence their behaviour .
some of the hormones known to affect the nervous system , such as the endorphins ( p 230 ) , now appear to [tie] to immune cells as well , and probably influence their behaviour .

This suggests that there is a cross-reaction between the Candida antigens and those of other yeasts : antibodies whose primary targets are the Candida antigens also bind to similar proteins , produced by their cousins in the yeast world .
this suggests that there is a cross-reaction between the candida antigens and those of other yeasts : antibodies whose primary targets are the candida antigens also [tie] to similar proteins , produced by their cousins in the yeast world .

Regular slashing to protect useful species results in a litter richer in new leaves which are more nutrient-rich , especially in relation to nitrogen and phosphorus , than older leaves and slashing usually occurs only after the re-establishment of a root mat which helps to bind nutrients that would otherwise be lost via leaching .
regular slashing to protect useful species results in a litter richer in new leaves which are more nutrient-rich , especially in relation to nitrogen and phosphorus , than older leaves and slashing usually occurs only after the re-establishment of a root mat which helps to [tie] nutrients that would otherwise be lost via leaching .

When we escape from the physical and the chains that bind us , we see the eternal and infinite being within us , then suddenly the mirror lake shivers and the images are stilled in frozen crystals .
when we escape from the physical and the chains that [tie] us , we see the eternal and infinite being within us , then suddenly the mirror lake shivers and the images are stilled in frozen crystals .

‘ Allow me to weave coloured strands into a ribbon to bind your hair . ’
‘ allow me to weave coloured strands into a ribbon to [tie] your hair . ’

To think of the super Thou and link it with emotional thoughts such as compassion is to bind us together with invisible but powerful bands .
to think of the super thou and link it with emotional thoughts such as compassion is to [tie] us together with invisible but powerful bands .

The following paragraphs pointed out that in unlimited competitions , although successful competitors can reasonably expect to be employed , the Government can not bind itself to employ them , but in this case they should be employed on the new Foreign Office .
the following paragraphs pointed out that in unlimited competitions , although successful competitors can reasonably expect to be employed , the government can not [tie] itself to employ them , but in this case they should be employed on the new foreign office .

Furthermore , the “ time bind ” stiﬂes an essential child-rearing responsibility that I mentioned earlier and will return to again : monitoring children ’ s experiences while they are both within and beyond parents ’ immediate reach .
furthermore , the “ time [tie] ” stiﬂes an essential child-rearing responsibility that i mentioned earlier and will return to again : monitoring children ’ s experiences while they are both within and beyond parents ’ immediate reach .

Hochschild concludes , “ Many working families are both prisoners and architects of the time bind in which they ﬁnd themselves . ”
hochschild concludes , “ many working families are both prisoners and architects of the time [tie] in which they ﬁnd themselves . ”

Psychologist Rosalind Barnett and journalist Caryl Rivers conducted extensive interviews with 300 dual-earner couples in the Boston area and found that despite stress at work and at home , most were highly satisﬁed and found child rearing to be both manageable and pleasurable.11 In a survey of 6,000 employees at DuPont , nearly half—and only slightly more women than men—turned down upward career moves to remain in jobs that allowed for more family commitment.12 Barnett believes that parents most prone to a time bind in which work robs family life are at higher socioeconomic levels—in more pressured jobs that have less clearly deﬁned limits and in which advancement typically depends on superlative performance .
psychologist rosalind barnett and journalist caryl rivers conducted extensive interviews with 300 dual-earner couples in the boston area and found that despite stress at work and at home , most were highly satisﬁed and found child rearing to be both manageable and pleasurable.11 in a survey of 6,000 employees at dupont , nearly half—and only slightly more women than men—turned down upward career moves to remain in jobs that allowed for more family commitment.12 barnett believes that parents most prone to a time [tie] in which work robs family life are at higher socioeconomic levels—in more pressured jobs that have less clearly deﬁned limits and in which advancement typically depends on superlative performance .

As noted earlier , ﬁnancially well-o parents are especially prone to the “ time bind ” but do not necessarily take advantage of available workplace options aimed at lessening it .
as noted earlier , ﬁnancially well-o parents are especially prone to the “ time [tie] ” but do not necessarily take advantage of available workplace options aimed at lessening it .

How pernicious and unique to our lives is this time bind ?
how pernicious and unique to our lives is this time [tie] ?

Though Rosie ’ s and Henry ’ s way of life was hard , and we shouldn ’ t go too far in romanticizing it , their story helps us put the contemporary time bind in perspective .
though rosie ’ s and henry ’ s way of life was hard , and we shouldn ’ t go too far in romanticizing it , their story helps us put the contemporary time [tie] in perspective .

How can parents beat the “ time bind ” ?
how can parents beat the “ time [tie] ” ?

In 1970 , long before parents became preoccupied with the “ time bind , ” psychologist Urie Bronfenbrenner reﬂected that children “ used to be brought up by their parents. ” 120 Although the family , Bronfenbrenner noted , continues to have primary responsibility for children ’ s character development , it lacks the strength needed to do the job because parents and children no longer spend enough time together .
in 1970 , long before parents became preoccupied with the “ time [tie] , ” psychologist urie bronfenbrenner reﬂected that children “ used to be brought up by their parents. ” 120 although the family , bronfenbrenner noted , continues to have primary responsibility for children ’ s character development , it lacks the strength needed to do the job because parents and children no longer spend enough time together .

They are designed to explain why it is necessary for the government to bind itself to certain objectives .
they are designed to explain why it is necessary for the government to [tie] itself to certain objectives .

Rather than using the estrogen receptor and seeking a peptide estrogen mimic that binds the estrogen receptor , George Smith used a monoclonal antibody molecule as the analogue of the receptor and sought a hexamer peptide that could bind the monoclonal antibody .
rather than using the estrogen receptor and seeking a peptide estrogen mimic that binds the estrogen receptor , george smith used a monoclonal antibody molecule as the analogue of the receptor and sought a hexamer peptide that could [tie] the monoclonal antibody .

Just as an antibody can bind to and cover a ball of similar shapes , an enzyme can bind to and cover a ball of similar catalytic tasks .
just as an antibody can [tie] to and cover a ball of similar shapes , an enzyme can [tie] to and cover a ball of similar catalytic tasks .

Clues that such a toolbox is experimentally feasible come from many recent developments , including the discovery that antibody molecules , evolved to bind molecular features called epitopes , can actually act as catalysts .
clues that such a toolbox is experimentally feasible come from many recent developments , including the discovery that antibody molecules , evolved to [tie] molecular features called epitopes , can actually act as catalysts .

About one antibody in a hundred thousand can bind a randomly chosen epitope .
about one antibody in a hundred thousand can [tie] a randomly chosen epitope .

About one in ten antibodies that bind the transition state analogue act as catalysts .
about one in ten antibodies that [tie] the transition state analogue act as catalysts .

In more detail , the protein made by one gene can diuse in the cell and bind to a DNA site , called a “ cis acting site , ” near a second gene .
in more detail , the protein made by one gene can diuse in the cell and [tie] to a dna site , called a “ cis acting site , ” near a second gene .

In general , any structural gene may be regulated by zero to ten dierent trans acting factors that may bind at one or more nearby cis acting sites .
in general , any structural gene may be regulated by zero to ten dierent trans acting factors that may [tie] at one or more nearby cis acting sites .

RNA can be sampled from small tissue fragments , or even single cells , and , via a few steps , caused to bind through Watson–Crick base pairing to the corresponding DNA sequence .
rna can be sampled from small tissue fragments , or even single cells , and , via a few steps , caused to [tie] through watson–crick base pairing to the corresponding dna sequence .

Thus , the product D may itself diuse to a transmembrane channel and bind to the channel , giving up some energy stored in its structure by an internal rotation to a lower energy state , and thereby both bind the channel and add energy to the channel to open the channel such that calcium ions can enter the cell .
thus , the product d may itself diuse to a transmembrane channel and [tie] to the channel , giving up some energy stored in its structure by an internal rotation to a lower energy state , and thereby both [tie] the channel and add energy to the channel to open the channel such that calcium ions can enter the cell .

This series is likely to form feedback loops because the first and third antibody can often both bind to the same site on the second antibody , hence , the first and third antibodies are similar shapes in shape space .
this series is likely to form feedback loops because the first and third antibody can often both [tie] to the same site on the second antibody , hence , the first and third antibodies are similar shapes in shape space .

Entering Harvard , Dan spent a summer with me at the Santa Fe Institute before he learned to drive , after an earlier summer spent in the laboratory of Jack Szostak at Harvard , where , at age fourteen , Dan was learning to evolve RNA molecules to bind arbitrary ligands .
entering harvard , dan spent a summer with me at the santa fe institute before he learned to drive , after an earlier summer spent in the laboratory of jack szostak at harvard , where , at age fourteen , dan was learning to evolve rna molecules to [tie] arbitrary ligands .

An antibody might bind that epitope and a family of similar shapes filling a ball in shape space .
an antibody might [tie] that epitope and a family of similar shapes filling a ball in shape space .

As remarked above , very diVerent molecules can have eVectively the same shape , so endorphin and morphine both bind the same endorphin receptor .
as remarked above , very diverent molecules can have evectively the same shape , so endorphin and morphine both [tie] the same endorphin receptor .

Here , P might bind to the sugar-phosphate backbone of the DNA hexamer .
here , p might [tie] to the sugar-phosphate backbone of the dna hexamer .

Edokko are suckers for sentimentality and for ninjo : the web of small favors and kindnesses that bind them together .
edokko are suckers for sentimentality and for ninjo : the web of small favors and kindnesses that [tie] them together .

The cone is formed by small limestone slabs set in a spiral without mortar to bind them .
the cone is formed by small limestone slabs set in a spiral without mortar to [tie] them .

Encapuchadores bind these male trees in spring to produce the pale , bleached fronds that are used in Palm Sunday celebrations .
encapuchadores [tie] these male trees in spring to produce the pale , bleached fronds that are used in palm sunday celebrations .

Section 101 ( a ) of Title 39 establishes the Postal Service 's paramount obligation `` to provide postal services to bind the Nation together through the personal , educational , literary , and business correspondence of the people . ''
section 101 ( a ) of title 39 establishes the postal service 's paramount obligation `` to provide postal services to [tie] the nation together through the personal , educational , literary , and business correspondence of the people . ''

For example , statins have been proposed to cause co-localization of α-secretase and APP within lipid rafts [ 15,33 ] ; statins might also induce modification of the structure and activity of a protein in the plasma membrane α-secretase complex , perhaps in an action similar to how statins bind and “ lock ” cell-surface integrins [ 34 ] .
for example , statins have been proposed to cause co-localization of α-secretase and app within lipid rafts [ 15,33 ] ; statins might also induce modification of the structure and activity of a protein in the plasma membrane α-secretase complex , perhaps in an action similar to how statins [tie] and “ lock ” cell-surface integrins [ 34 ] .

The major target of O 2 − damage identified in bacteria is a class of dehydratase enzymes that utilize [ 4Fe–4S ] clusters to bind their substrate ( Imlay 2003 ; Djaman et al .
the major target of o 2 − damage identified in bacteria is a class of dehydratase enzymes that utilize [ 4fe–4s ] clusters to [tie] their substrate ( imlay 2003 ; djaman et al .

Tyrosine kinases require ATP for their enzymic activity , and thus small molecules that mimic ATP can bind to mutant kinases and inactivate them .
tyrosine kinases require atp for their enzymic activity , and thus small molecules that mimic atp can [tie] to mutant kinases and inactivate them .

Interestingly , AGE albumins and CML are present in the urine of individuals with diabetes with albuminuria due to DNP and have been shown to bind proximal tubular epithelium [ 22,32 ] .
interestingly , age albumins and cml are present in the urine of individuals with diabetes with albuminuria due to dnp and have been shown to [tie] proximal tubular epithelium [ 22,32 ] .

Furthermore , it was shown that the p53 protein from the tumours was able to bind to a p53-binding DNA sequence in an in vitro setting .
furthermore , it was shown that the p53 protein from the tumours was able to [tie] to a p53-binding dna sequence in an in vitro setting .

Heteroclitic Tumor Antigen Peptides Unfortunately , some synthetic peptides , including some corresponding to immunodominant epitopes ( those which cause the biggest part of the immune response ) from tumor antigens , only seem to bind MHC class I molecules with medium to low affinity and/or are recognized by specific T cells with relatively low avidity .
heteroclitic tumor antigen peptides unfortunately , some synthetic peptides , including some corresponding to immunodominant epitopes ( those which cause the biggest part of the immune response ) from tumor antigens , only seem to [tie] mhc class i molecules with medium to low affinity and/or are recognized by specific t cells with relatively low avidity .

Molecules that bind to avß3 integrin have also been used to target therapeutic compounds to tumors : compounds that antagonize this integrin can lead to apoptosis ( programmed cell death ) of cells that express it .
molecules that [tie] to avß3 integrin have also been used to target therapeutic compounds to tumors : compounds that antagonize this integrin can lead to apoptosis ( programmed cell death ) of cells that express it .

Since this chaperone can directly bind to protein aggregates and promote there disassembly ( Glover and Lindquist 1998 ) , it was suggested that the main function of Hsp104 in prion inheritance is to disaggregate large prion aggregates to smaller elements , thus leading to formation of new seeds ( Kushnirov and Ter-Avanesyan 1998 ) .
since this chaperone can directly [tie] to protein aggregates and promote there disassembly ( glover and lindquist 1998 ) , it was suggested that the main function of hsp104 in prion inheritance is to disaggregate large prion aggregates to smaller elements , thus leading to formation of new seeds ( kushnirov and ter-avanesyan 1998 ) .

The researchers designed adenine-like molecules that would bind to CcrM and then developed inhibitors .
the researchers designed adenine-like molecules that would [tie] to ccrm and then developed inhibitors .

These proteins , which are exposed on the surface of cells in the nose , bind to volatile chemicals and allow us to detect smells .
these proteins , which are exposed on the surface of cells in the nose , [tie] to volatile chemicals and allow us to detect smells .

The salty and sour receptors may be very different from the GPCRs involved in bitter , sweet , and umami perception , which bind complex molecules on the outside of the cell and transmit a signal into the cell .
the salty and sour receptors may be very different from the gpcrs involved in bitter , sweet , and umami perception , which [tie] complex molecules on the outside of the cell and transmit a signal into the cell .

Alternatively , membranetethered ligands ( such as Delta ) on the protrusion could bind and activate receptors displayed on the surface of the receiving cell ( De Joussineau et al .
alternatively , membranetethered ligands ( such as delta ) on the protrusion could [tie] and activate receptors displayed on the surface of the receiving cell ( de joussineau et al .

The extracellular domains bind a wide variety of ligands , whereas the intracellular cytoplasmic domains anchor to cytoskeletal proteins .
the extracellular domains [tie] a wide variety of ligands , whereas the intracellular cytoplasmic domains anchor to cytoskeletal proteins .

In their resting state , integrins normally bind the molecules that activate them with low affinity .
in their resting state , integrins normally [tie] the molecules that activate them with low affinity .

Many other intracellular proteins bind to the α and β cytoplasmic tails ( Liu et al .
many other intracellular proteins [tie] to the α and β cytoplasmic tails ( liu et al .

A molecular picture has emerged for integrin insideout activation where a cellular signal induces the conformational change of talin exposing its head domain allowing it to bind to the integrin β cytoplasmic tail .
a molecular picture has emerged for integrin insideout activation where a cellular signal induces the conformational change of talin exposing its head domain allowing it to [tie] to the integrin β cytoplasmic tail .

There may exist other factors , such as negative regulators , in cells that bind to the cytoplasmic tails or their complex , and control the conformational change required for integrin activation .
there may exist other factors , such as negative regulators , in cells that [tie] to the cytoplasmic tails or their complex , and control the conformational change required for integrin activation .

Structures of the integrin cytoplasmic face bound to talin and the many other proteins known to bind to the cytoplasmic tails of integrins will undoubtedly provide further insights .
structures of the integrin cytoplasmic face bound to talin and the many other proteins known to [tie] to the cytoplasmic tails of integrins will undoubtedly provide further insights .

Upon the inside-out activation , integrins bind to specific extracellular matrix proteins .
upon the inside-out activation , integrins [tie] to specific extracellular matrix proteins .

In Xenopus extracts , phosphorylation of cohesin also depends on Polo-like kinase , and this phosphorylation reduces the ability of cohesin to bind to chromatin [ 8 ] .
in xenopus extracts , phosphorylation of cohesin also depends on polo-like kinase , and this phosphorylation reduces the ability of cohesin to [tie] to chromatin [ 8 ] .

Axons from like receptor cells ( i.e. , those that express the same receptor protein and therefore bind the same odorants ) project to one or a few glomeruli , i.e. , globular , anatomically distinct subunits within the antennal lobe [ 26 ] .
axons from like receptor cells ( i.e. , those that express the same receptor protein and therefore [tie] the same odorants ) project to one or a few glomeruli , i.e. , globular , anatomically distinct subunits within the antennal lobe [ 26 ] .

In mammals , it was recently found that the receptor proteins that bind odor molecules are also expressed in the axon terminals of the receptor cells [ 29 ] .
in mammals , it was recently found that the receptor proteins that [tie] odor molecules are also expressed in the axon terminals of the receptor cells [ 29 ] .

If we assume that similar receptor molecules bind similar odorants , then the developing nervous system could use receptor molecule similarity in the receptor cells ' axon terminals to wire up the neural map in the antennal lobe .
if we assume that similar receptor molecules [tie] similar odorants , then the developing nervous system could use receptor molecule similarity in the receptor cells ' axon terminals to wire up the neural map in the antennal lobe .

They bind and arrest RNAPII distal to the promoter cooperatively .
they [tie] and arrest rnapii distal to the promoter cooperatively .

As a consequence , P-TEFb and Tat bind TAR cooperatively .
as a consequence , p-tefb and tat [tie] tar cooperatively .

Crystallographic studies of various ABL mutants predict that most should remain sensitive to inhibitors that bind ABL with less stringent structural requirements .
crystallographic studies of various abl mutants predict that most should remain sensitive to inhibitors that [tie] abl with less stringent structural requirements .

The new drugs bind to ABL in an “ open ” conformation , as opposed to imatinib , which binds ABL in a “ closed ” conformation [ 12,13 ] .
the new drugs [tie] to abl in an “ open ” conformation , as opposed to imatinib , which binds abl in a “ closed ” conformation [ 12,13 ] .

Analogously , it may be possible to find EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors that bind to the EGFR kinase domain in different ways than gefitinib and erlotinib .
analogously , it may be possible to find egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitors that [tie] to the egfr kinase domain in different ways than gefitinib and erlotinib .

In the same way that programmers find bugs and write patches , biologists look for proteins ( “ targets ” ) and select chemicals ( “ drug candidates ” ) that bind to them and affect their behavior in desirable ways .
in the same way that programmers find bugs and write patches , biologists look for proteins ( “ targets ” ) and select chemicals ( “ drug candidates ” ) that [tie] to them and affect their behavior in desirable ways .

The completed library of peptide–DNA conjugates was then subjected to in vitro selection based on the ability to bind an antibody with known affinity for the [ Leu ] enkephalin pentapeptide Tyr-Gly-Gly-Phe-Leu .
the completed library of peptide–dna conjugates was then subjected to in vitro selection based on the ability to [tie] an antibody with known affinity for the [ leu ] enkephalin pentapeptide tyr-gly-gly-phe-leu .

An IU-educated journalist will understand the ties that bind the profession to the knowledge of the past , the problems and issues of the present , the ideas of the future .
an iu-educated journalist will understand the ties that [tie] the profession to the knowledge of the past , the problems and issues of the present , the ideas of the future .

The problem for Kenneth Starr is that his grand jury is in the D.C. circuit and , unless and until the Supreme Court takes up this issue , it is that court 's rulings that bind him , regardless what the rulings may be in other circuits .
the problem for kenneth starr is that his grand jury is in the d.c. circuit and , unless and until the supreme court takes up this issue , it is that court 's rulings that [tie] him , regardless what the rulings may be in other circuits .

Liberals protested that the ruling emasculates Congress ' power to bind states to federal law .
liberals protested that the ruling emasculates congress ' power to [tie] states to federal law .

Liberals protested that the ruling emasculates Congress ' power to bind states to federal law .
liberals protested that the ruling emasculates congress ' power to [tie] states to federal law .

That remarkable development helps to bind a portion of the electorate more tightly to the campaigns .
that remarkable development helps to [tie] a portion of the electorate more tightly to the campaigns .

I 'm in a bind .
i 'm in a [tie] .

They also exist in contexts , and while these contexts do n't necessarily bind them , they do affect them .
they also exist in contexts , and while these contexts do n't necessarily [tie] them , they do affect them .

Burke believed that the principles shared by party members should bind them together , even when they encounter particular differences about their application ( and despite some blurring of lines , party members do still ) .
burke believed that the principles shared by party members should [tie] them together , even when they encounter particular differences about their application ( and despite some blurring of lines , party members do still ) .

The Time Bind : When Work Becomes Home and Home Becomes Work , by Arlie Russell Hochschild ( Metropolitan Books/Henry Holt & Co. ) .
the time [tie] : when work becomes home and home becomes work , by arlie russell hochschild ( metropolitan books/henry holt & co. ) .

Secretive Israeli arms deals with China have long put the Defense Department in a bind , the Times explains : Since many Israeli weapons are jointly made with the United States , American technology has likely made its way to China , which uses it partly to threaten Taiwan , which is stocked with arms from ... the United States .
secretive israeli arms deals with china have long put the defense department in a [tie] , the times explains : since many israeli weapons are jointly made with the united states , american technology has likely made its way to china , which uses it partly to threaten taiwan , which is stocked with arms from ... the united states .

For Slate readers who wish to fondle this classic of our times , bind it in leather , display it on their coffee tables , and pass it along as a treasured heirloom to their children , we are proud to offer a new sort of instant book .
for slate readers who wish to fondle this classic of our times , [tie] it in leather , display it on their coffee tables , and pass it along as a treasured heirloom to their children , we are proud to offer a new sort of instant book .

This is Rockefeller 's double bind .
this is rockefeller 's double [tie] .

As it turns out , Big Tobacco was ambivalent about the safe-cigarette projects because they exposed the industry to an uncomfortable double bind : Making a `` safer '' cigarette is tantamount to confessing that regular cigarettes are dangerous when taken as directed , something the industry had spent billions denying .
as it turns out , big tobacco was ambivalent about the safe-cigarette projects because they exposed the industry to an uncomfortable double [tie] : making a `` safer '' cigarette is tantamount to confessing that regular cigarettes are dangerous when taken as directed , something the industry had spent billions denying .

Hot author Arlie Russell Hochschild adapts a chapter from her book The Time Bind : She argues that Americans must stop treating home life as a chore and learn how to invest emotionally in their families .
hot author arlie russell hochschild adapts a chapter from her book the time [tie] : she argues that americans must stop treating home life as a chore and learn how to invest emotionally in their families .

Contemporary liberals , inheriting both these traditions , find themselves in a bind .
contemporary liberals , inheriting both these traditions , find themselves in a [tie] .

The Time Bind charts the transformation of the workplace in the intervening period , and looks at how parents and their children are coping now .
the time [tie] charts the transformation of the workplace in the intervening period , and looks at how parents and their children are coping now .

Zinc backers propose that the element 's positive charge could a ) bind it to viruses , blocking their entry into the cells along your nasal tract or b ) allow it to `` clamp '' nerves that stimulate congestion .
zinc backers propose that the element 's positive charge could a ) [tie] it to viruses , blocking their entry into the cells along your nasal tract or b ) allow it to `` clamp '' nerves that stimulate congestion .

So says Arlie Hochschild in The Time Bind : When Work Becomes Home and Home Becomes Work .
so says arlie hochschild in the time [tie] : when work becomes home and home becomes work .

If , however , you have been deputized to ask on behalf of your GF , she 's in a bit of a bind , unless the lease stipulates how many people may occupy the flat .
if , however , you have been deputized to ask on behalf of your gf , she 's in a bit of a [tie] , unless the lease stipulates how many people may occupy the flat .

Prudie understands that you 're in a bind : your wishes vs. his feelings .
prudie understands that you 're in a [tie] : your wishes vs. his feelings .

Even today , the Postal Service 's mandate is not to make money but rather `` to bind the nation together . ''
even today , the postal service 's mandate is not to make money but rather `` to [tie] the nation together . ''

A more prominent quote -- from `` one senior official '' -- is less sympathetic to the double bind that the Clintonites now find themselves in .
a more prominent quote -- from `` one senior official '' -- is less sympathetic to the double [tie] that the clintonites now find themselves in .

Why would a lexicographer snatch up a unique , Dickensian creation , gag him and bind his real persona hand and foot , then slyly stand an impersonator in his place ?
why would a lexicographer snatch up a unique , dickensian creation , gag him and [tie] his real persona hand and foot , then slyly stand an impersonator in his place ?

I was puzzled by Rebecca Christian 's mention in “ Blessed Be the Words That Bind ’ [ XVI,3 ] of “ Vikki Carr 's song , ` Is That All There Is ? '
i was puzzled by rebecca christian 's mention in “ blessed be the words that [tie] ’ [ xvi,3 ] of “ vikki carr 's song , ` is that all there is ? '

I recognized the verb swedge as meaning ` bend or spread left and right the teeth of a handsaw that had become too straight through much use , and hence caused the saw to bind . '
i recognized the verb swedge as meaning ` bend or spread left and right the teeth of a handsaw that had become too straight through much use , and hence caused the saw to [tie] . '

However , as Mr. Levitt 's daughter pointed out , it is usually found as a stretchy tie used to bind things up , as a reefed mainsail on its boom , light articles to a luggage rack , etc. -- Editor . ]
however , as mr. levitt 's daughter pointed out , it is usually found as a stretchy tie used to [tie] things up , as a reefed mainsail on its boom , light articles to a luggage rack , etc. -- editor . ]

