The President recommended federal `` matching grants '' totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of existing ones .
the president recommended federal `` matching grants '' totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the [ability] of existing ones .

The work added eight beds to the hospital , giving it a total capacity of 646 general beds .
the work added eight beds to the hospital , giving it a total [ability] of 646 general beds .

The Vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned , 67-year-old veteran of the cold war who , in Mr. Kennedy's own words , is `` shrewd , tough , vigorous , well-informed and confident '' , and a 44-year-old President ( his birthday is May 29 ) with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy .
the vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned , 67-year-old veteran of the cold war who , in mr. kennedy's own words , is `` shrewd , tough , vigorous , well-informed and confident '' , and a 44-year-old president ( his birthday is may 29 ) with a demonstrated [ability] for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy .

The great advances made in recent years in Communist strength and in our own capacity to destroy require an educated citizenry in the Western world .
the great advances made in recent years in communist strength and in our own [ability] to destroy require an educated citizenry in the western world .

The problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge , and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word , continue to expand .
the problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge , and his [ability] to translate such knowledge to the written word , continue to expand .

Mr. Freeman said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more awed by America's capacity to produce food surpluses than by our industrial production -- or even by the Soviet's successes in space .
mr. freeman said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more awed by america's [ability] to produce food surpluses than by our industrial production -- or even by the soviet's successes in space .

In fact , over the years , the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar .
in fact , over the years , the american farmer's [ability] to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar .

If this capacity had not failed them , they would see that their enemy has made a disastrous miscalculation .
if this [ability] had not failed them , they would see that their enemy has made a disastrous miscalculation .

The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place , which Sol Hurok , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity , either .
the engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in mccormick place , which sol hurok , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the [ability] , either .

`` Monty '' shows a remarkable capacity for the direct statement and an equally remarkable incapacity for giving adequate support .
`` monty '' shows a remarkable [ability] for the direct statement and an equally remarkable incapacity for giving adequate support .

Man was created with the capacity for immortality , but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost Adam his immortality .
man was created with the [ability] for immortality , but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost adam his immortality .

Because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or capacity and believes that Adam and Eve were created as children , Irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to carelessness , but still wicked '' .
because he interprets the primitive state of man as one of mere potentiality or [ability] and believes that adam and eve were created as children , irenaeus often seems inclined to extenuate their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to carelessness , but still wicked '' .

With this act of disobedience , and not with the inception of his individual existence , man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history , descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality .
with this act of disobedience , and not with the inception of his individual existence , man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history , descending from the created [ability] for immortality to an inescapable mortality .

The size of the press is usually expressed in terms of chuck capacity ( the maximum diameter tool shank it will hold ) or distance between the spindle center and the column .
the size of the press is usually expressed in terms of chuck [ability] ( the maximum diameter tool shank it will hold ) or distance between the spindle center and the column .

A press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle .
a press with an 11 inch [ability] lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle .

A new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle .
a new radial drill press with a 16 inch [ability] has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle .

Too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and result in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools .
too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting [ability] and result in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools .

If you are a party thrower , you may need added capacity .
if you are a party thrower , you may need added [ability] .

Don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough .
don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling [ability] just to be sure you have enough .

Can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities ? ?
can staggered lunch periods relieve the [ability] strain on your feeding facilities ? ?

A new low capacity meter is the key that unlocks the situation at Oakwood Heights .
a new low [ability] meter is the key that unlocks the situation at oakwood heights .

Since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars , it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less , but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this , provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine .
since most european cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than american cars , it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less , but the greater seating [ability] of the large american cars will equalize this , provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine .

However , whether you arrange to have a European or American model , if you rent a car with the proper seating capacity in relation to the number of people in your party , your transportation expense will average very close to $10.00 per day per passenger .
however , whether you arrange to have a european or american model , if you rent a car with the proper seating [ability] in relation to the number of people in your party , your transportation expense will average very close to $10.00 per day per passenger .

Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity .
years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding [ability] .

Plane radios were not yet available , and once in the air , Fogg flew his ship by compass , a good memory for landmarks as seen from above , and a capacity for dead reckoning and quick computation .
plane radios were not yet available , and once in the air , fogg flew his ship by compass , a good memory for landmarks as seen from above , and a [ability] for dead reckoning and quick computation .

They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response .
they began to describe in detail the woman's [ability] for response .

and because Communists have the will and , as long as Soviet power remains intact , the capacity to prevent their realization .
and because communists have the will and , as long as soviet power remains intact , the [ability] to prevent their realization .

Add also a comparatively primitive industrial plant which would severely limit our capacity to keep abreast of the Soviets even in the missile field which is reputed to be our main strength .
add also a comparatively primitive industrial plant which would severely limit our [ability] to keep abreast of the soviets even in the missile field which is reputed to be our main strength .

And certainly , in the case of the beginner or the comparatively uninitiated wine drinker , the palate and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the Grands Crus as a steady diet without frequent recourse to crus of less renown .
and certainly , in the case of the beginner or the comparatively uninitiated wine drinker , the palate and the [ability] for appreciation will not be ready for the grands crus as a steady diet without frequent recourse to crus of less renown .

The adolescent's capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood .
the adolescent's [ability] to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood .

The positive development , during adolescence , of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence , and to identify overtly either with or against given ideas , values , and practices , depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy , initiative , and self-certainty .
the positive development , during adolescence , of this [ability] to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence , and to identify overtly either with or against given ideas , values , and practices , depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy , initiative , and self-certainty .

By subduing disparate lesser groups the nation has , to some degree at least , broadened the capacity for individual liberty .
by subduing disparate lesser groups the nation has , to some degree at least , broadened the [ability] for individual liberty .

or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven Andean Indians .
or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung [ability] of seven andean indians .

The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership .
the [ability] for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership .

Only recently , and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President Kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail , have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics .
only recently , and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize president kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail , have the abilities on which the [ability] for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics .

the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests .
the intellectual honesty and [ability] to recognize the true path of her own best interests .

It is at least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as well as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature .
it is at least possible that the [ability] to postpone gratification is developed as well as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature .

Taking into account Thompson's capacity for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves , there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie King .
taking into account thompson's [ability] for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves , there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for katie king .

While I fully agree with Sir Anthony's contention , I think that we must carry the analysis farther , bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our need , the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our capacity .
while i fully agree with sir anthony's contention , i think that we must carry the analysis farther , bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our need , the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our [ability] .

If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance .
if a broader atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our [ability] -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the nato alliance .

And if we do not aspire to too much , it is also within our capacity .
and if we do not aspire to too much , it is also within our [ability] .

A realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand , and our capacity to achieve them on the other , must be approached through the concept of `` community '' .
a realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand , and our [ability] to achieve them on the other , must be approached through the concept of `` community '' .

I believe that these proposals , however meritorious in terms of world needs , go far beyond our capacity to realize them .
i believe that these proposals , however meritorious in terms of world needs , go far beyond our [ability] to realize them .

Running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man , the capacity for love and brotherhood , the ability to appreciate beauty .
running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man , the [ability] for love and brotherhood , the ability to appreciate beauty .

This may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity .
this may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant [ability] .

In the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .
in the more primitive areas , where the [ability] to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .

In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a State's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per capita income .
in order to assist the states in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , section 2 of the amended act provides that allotments to states for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a state's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal [ability] , as measured by its per capita income .

Prior to and since 1960 the rest of the support allotment is matched at rates related to the fiscal capacity of the State , with a pivot of 40% State ( or 60% Federal ) participation in total program costs .
prior to and since 1960 the rest of the support allotment is matched at rates related to the fiscal [ability] of the state , with a pivot of 40% state ( or 60% federal ) participation in total program costs .

Competitors came to receive higher percentage of General Motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at least in part '' from the needs of General Motors outstripping Du Pont's capacity .
competitors came to receive higher percentage of general motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at least in part '' from the needs of general motors outstripping du pont's [ability] .

The need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest .
the need here is most clearly felt and our [ability] to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest .

One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations .
one of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the [ability] to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that [ability] to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations .

There is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them .
there is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our [ability] to absorb them .

At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title 1 , disposal , India's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States , India's storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year .
at that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the united states supplies of rice available for title 1 , disposal , india's production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the united states and countries friendly to the united states , india's storage [ability] , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year .

However , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs .
however , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production [ability] , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs .

During the year our British subsidiary , Leesona-Holt , Limited , expanded its plant in Darwen , England , and added machine tool capacity .
during the year our british subsidiary , leesona-holt , limited , expanded its plant in darwen , england , and added machine tool [ability] .

Even here there is room for some variation , for metal surfaces vary in smoothness , absorptive capacity , and chemical reactivity .
even here there is room for some variation , for metal surfaces vary in smoothness , absorptive [ability] , and chemical reactivity .

With either of the gradients described , chromatography on DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ABO series into at least three regions ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding capacity , one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity .
with either of the gradients described , chromatography on deae-cellulose separated agglutinins of the abo series into at least three regions ( figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding [ability] , one of low anionic binding [ability] and one of high anionic binding [ability] .

In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected ( Region 3 , Fig. 1 ) .
in 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding [ability] was detected ( region 3 , fig. 1 ) .

In all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity .
in all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding [ability] .

There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( J. F. and E. M. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) .
there appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-a and anti-b activity in group o serum , though in two group o donors ( j. f. and e. m. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding [ability] ( figs. 1 and 2 ) .

Similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate , having extremely low , low , and high anionic binding capacity , respectively ( Fig. 3 ) .
similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate , having extremely low , low , and high anionic binding [ability] , respectively ( fig. 3 ) .

and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies .
and they have begun to develop a [ability] to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies .

The capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute creatively to national development is likely to be destroyed by a constraining sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the West .
the [ability] of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute creatively to national development is likely to be destroyed by a constraining sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the west .

While other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in Kohnstamm reactivity , it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior .
while other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in kohnstamm reactivity , it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the [ability] to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior .

Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement .
individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their [ability] for school achievement .

One study , which involved 1,524 pupils in grades one to six , found that 12 percent of the pupils were seriously maladjusted and that 23 percent were reading a year below capacity .
one study , which involved 1,524 pupils in grades one to six , found that 12 percent of the pupils were seriously maladjusted and that 23 percent were reading a year below [ability] .

The simplest division , and the one most frequently used ( with subdivisions ) in gas and electric rate cases , is a threefold division of the total operating and capital costs into `` customer costs '' , `` energy '' or `` volumetric costs '' , and `` demand '' or `` capacity '' costs .
the simplest division , and the one most frequently used ( with subdivisions ) in gas and electric rate cases , is a threefold division of the total operating and capital costs into `` customer costs '' , `` energy '' or `` volumetric costs '' , and `` demand '' or `` [ability] '' costs .

But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity .
but the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum [ability] .

This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .
this circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual [ability] remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .

Lime white , hard and brilliant , has a tendency to `` jump '' away from the other colors in drying , and also by its capacity to set , to preclude the use of ready-made gradations , so useful in decorative work .
lime white , hard and brilliant , has a tendency to `` jump '' away from the other colors in drying , and also by its [ability] to set , to preclude the use of ready-made gradations , so useful in decorative work .

It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .
it appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the [ability] of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .

The organic loading on the unit averaged 32 lb of BOD/day or about 2 lb BOD/day/1,000 cu ft aeration capacity .
the organic loading on the unit averaged 32 lb of bod/day or about 2 lb bod/day/1,000 cu ft aeration [ability] .

The added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen transfer capacity .
the added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen transfer [ability] .

In one outstanding example , Whirlpool Corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could increase the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models .
in one outstanding example , whirlpool corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could increase the storage [ability] of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models .

Rachel , observing , would say , `` He has to rediscover his own capacity .
rachel , observing , would say , `` he has to rediscover his own [ability] .

Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .
two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in mrs. meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as brian thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present [ability] at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .

He had a capacity ; ;
he had a [ability] ; ;

apparently her many torsos , stretched out along the ground , had a greater capacity for retaining the drug than did his body .
apparently her many torsos , stretched out along the ground , had a greater [ability] for retaining the drug than did his body .

He knew her mind pretty well , by now , its quick perceptions and sympathies , its painful insistence on truth and directness , its capacity for love almost too deep for a man to reciprocate , even in part .
he knew her mind pretty well , by now , its quick perceptions and sympathies , its painful insistence on truth and directness , its [ability] for love almost too deep for a man to reciprocate , even in part .

Presently they had to give up running the furnace at full capacity and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen , which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed , and the fireplaces and an electric heater in Grandma's room .
presently they had to give up running the furnace at full [ability] and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen , which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed , and the fireplaces and an electric heater in grandma's room .

Hay Lane in Swindon is full to capacity and has to turn families away .
hay lane in swindon is full to [ability] and has to turn families away .

We have n't got the capacity crowd we expected .
we have n't got the [ability] crowd we expected .

Our masters have had to size up the capacity they have at different plants and it made more sense to move production to Leeds
our masters have had to size up the [ability] they have at different plants and it made more sense to move production to leeds

They did n't get the 60,000 capacity crowd .
they did n't get the 60,000 [ability] crowd .

Even with a much smaller capacity than Wembley , Swindon 's County Ground accommodates the same number of disabled fans .
even with a much smaller [ability] than wembley , swindon 's county ground accommodates the same number of disabled fans .

We 're a forward capacity base with other peoples aircraft .
we 're a forward [ability] base with other peoples aircraft .

The Puissance was a disappointment for the near capacity crowd .
the puissance was a disappointment for the near [ability] crowd .

At a gallop , the amount of strain on a horse 's fore tendon is very near to its maximum capacity and any further loading leads to progressive damage to the tendon fibres resulting in extreme cases of tendon rupture .
at a gallop , the amount of strain on a horse 's fore tendon is very near to its maximum [ability] and any further loading leads to progressive damage to the tendon fibres resulting in extreme cases of tendon rupture .

They interfere with the horse 's well-being , his athletic training programme and his earning capacity , as well as further value .
they interfere with the horse 's well-being , his athletic training programme and his earning [ability] , as well as further value .

This exhilarating performance by the 86-strong company of ‘ The Wheel of Fortune ’ inspired by Carl Orff 's ‘ Carmina Burana ’ captivated the capacity audiences .
this exhilarating performance by the 86-strong company of ‘ the wheel of fortune ’ inspired by carl orff 's ‘ carmina burana ’ captivated the [ability] audiences .

either that or , or the capacity re for your stomach expanding is , is er incredible because er , she still , you know she still does n't lose weight
either that or , or the [ability] re for your stomach expanding is , is er incredible because er , she still , you know she still does n't lose weight

what Labour is saying is that the reason why there 's low employ high employment is because er where , they 're trying to cut inflation which is , one of the side ways of cutting inflation is that interest rates go up and , but the thing is that which then leads to unem unemployment , but the thing is you ca n't have a decent the , full growing economies , its full capacity if you 've got high inflation all the time knackering you up
what labour is saying is that the reason why there 's low employ high employment is because er where , they 're trying to cut inflation which is , one of the side ways of cutting inflation is that interest rates go up and , but the thing is that which then leads to unem unemployment , but the thing is you ca n't have a decent the , full growing economies , its full [ability] if you 've got high inflation all the time knackering you up

So Liverpool 's got the biggest capacity has it ?
so liverpool 's got the biggest [ability] has it ?

So Liverpool 's got the biggest capacity has it ?
so liverpool 's got the biggest [ability] has it ?

so there was n't too much over capacity .
so there was n't too much over [ability] .

In her capacity as patron of Relate , the princess was making what is believed to be her first visit to such a centre since her separation from the prince was announced late last year .
in her [ability] as patron of relate , the princess was making what is believed to be her first visit to such a centre since her separation from the prince was announced late last year .

The ships are always packed to capacity , with passengers clinging to the upper decks .
the ships are always packed to [ability] , with passengers clinging to the upper decks .

Tomorrow , in his capacity as president of the Prince 's Trust and the Prince 's Scottish Youth Business Trust , he will attend a reception at the Palace of Holyroodhouse at which an exhibition of his own watercolours will be previewed .
tomorrow , in his [ability] as president of the prince 's trust and the prince 's scottish youth business trust , he will attend a reception at the palace of holyroodhouse at which an exhibition of his own watercolours will be previewed .

At a series of meetings at Rosyth yesterday employees were told that although the yard had a substantial workload for the next two years , it was vital to reduce overheads and capacity to improve its competitive position .
at a series of meetings at rosyth yesterday employees were told that although the yard had a substantial workload for the next two years , it was vital to reduce overheads and [ability] to improve its competitive position .

Without submarine work , Rosyth would run at only a third of capacity for its MoD work .
without submarine work , rosyth would run at only a third of [ability] for its mod work .

Car parks in accessible areas like Glencoe have been full to capacity according to the area 's rescue team , which has recorded as many as 150 people going up Stob Coire nan Lochan in one morning .
car parks in accessible areas like glencoe have been full to [ability] according to the area 's rescue team , which has recorded as many as 150 people going up stob coire nan lochan in one morning .

Anyone who 's had a child bullied at school knows the depth of children 's capacity for cold , organised cruelty .
anyone who 's had a child bullied at school knows the depth of children 's [ability] for cold , organised cruelty .

With a move to new premises which would double its audience capacity in a city not noted for enthusiastic theatre-going , the company needed to retain its existing audience while attracting new theatre go-ers to fill additional seats .
with a move to new premises which would double its audience [ability] in a city not noted for enthusiastic theatre-going , the company needed to retain its existing audience while attracting new theatre go-ers to fill additional seats .

Much also depends on how much spare capacity there actually is in manufacturing industry .
much also depends on how much spare [ability] there actually is in manufacturing industry .

By that stage , the stadium will have a capacity of 67,500 and there is already a match against South Africa scheduled for November 1994 .
by that stage , the stadium will have a [ability] of 67,500 and there is already a match against south africa scheduled for november 1994 .

Labtech 's founder and managing director , David Latham , said : ‘ The new factory will triple existing capacity , making us the world 's largest supplier of microwave circuit boards . ’
labtech 's founder and managing director , david latham , said : ‘ the new factory will triple existing [ability] , making us the world 's largest supplier of microwave circuit boards . ’

It said it had its own , better , plans for the land and , in any case , there was already substantial spare capacity in the tanker refitting business .
it said it had its own , better , plans for the land and , in any case , there was already substantial spare [ability] in the tanker refitting business .

Shipping , manufacturing and marketing operations also did well , but the chemicals division reported a loss , partly through a deteriorating petrochemicals market hit by surplus European ethylene capacity .
shipping , manufacturing and marketing operations also did well , but the chemicals division reported a loss , partly through a deteriorating petrochemicals market hit by surplus european ethylene [ability] .

Neil Douglas , defending , said some of the adverts in The Northern Echo had got the engine capacity wrong .
neil douglas , defending , said some of the adverts in the northern echo had got the engine [ability] wrong .

The licensing committee heard that a bar in Perry 's Brasserie , Beaumont Street , had double its capacity when health chiefs made a surprise visit .
the licensing committee heard that a bar in perry 's brasserie , beaumont street , had double its [ability] when health chiefs made a surprise visit .

Barry Pearson , principle environmental health officer , said 150 people packed into the Conservatory bar on Friday night its capacity is 75 .
barry pearson , principle environmental health officer , said 150 people packed into the conservatory bar on friday night its [ability] is 75 .

Coun Shore , now mayor of Pendle , contacted Darlington 's mayor Rita Fishwick for permission to visit the school in her official capacity .
coun shore , now mayor of pendle , contacted darlington 's mayor rita fishwick for permission to visit the school in her official [ability] .

In spite of having more than twice the capacity of the old Grassmarket theatre it has been recording 85 per cent audience capacity since opening last year .
in spite of having more than twice the [ability] of the old grassmarket theatre it has been recording 85 per cent audience [ability] since opening last year .

In 25 years an extension will be built , extending the storage capacity until the year 2050 .
in 25 years an extension will be built , extending the storage [ability] until the year 2050 .

He said : ‘ The Macaulay is a major research facility , established in Scotland , which has the capacity to operate at the leading edge of science and to contribute to the solution of practical problems concerned with the environment .
he said : ‘ the macaulay is a major research facility , established in scotland , which has the [ability] to operate at the leading edge of science and to contribute to the solution of practical problems concerned with the environment .

The bids include a £1.4 million offer from the Brain Trust , a charity founded to ‘ maximise the ability of each and every individual to unlock or deploy the vast capacity of his or her brain ’ , to stage the event in London .
the bids include a £1.4 million offer from the brain trust , a charity founded to ‘ maximise the ability of each and every individual to unlock or deploy the vast [ability] of his or her brain ’ , to stage the event in london .

The redevelopment means a reduction in the capacity of the new all-seated , all-covered ground from 25,177 to 18,500 .
the redevelopment means a reduction in the [ability] of the new all-seated , all-covered ground from 25,177 to 18,500 .

Mr McLeish said that Scottish industry 's capacity to train was withering and the loss of skills training was deadly for the economy .
mr mcleish said that scottish industry 's [ability] to train was withering and the loss of skills training was deadly for the economy .

He stressed that we must capitalise on the traditional Scottish capacity for inventiveness and recognise that education itself is always an investment rather than an on-cost .
he stressed that we must capitalise on the traditional scottish [ability] for inventiveness and recognise that education itself is always an investment rather than an on-cost .

On Wednesday night , police were called to the town 's Webster Theatre when 1500 residents tried to cram into the 600 capacity hall and the meeting was abandoned in the interests of public safety .
on wednesday night , police were called to the town 's webster theatre when 1500 residents tried to cram into the 600 [ability] hall and the meeting was abandoned in the interests of public safety .

Clydesdale achieved its sales and profit targets , Clydesdale 's suppliers benefited with increased product sales , Northwest Airlines raised awareness and filled spare capacity while , most important of all , the customer benefited .
clydesdale achieved its sales and profit targets , clydesdale 's suppliers benefited with increased product sales , northwest airlines raised awareness and filled spare [ability] while , most important of all , the customer benefited .

Processors have made it clear that they will need to recruit non-producing quota holders so they can hand on production capacity to contracted suppliers who already rely on regular leasing to maintain output .
processors have made it clear that they will need to recruit non-producing quota holders so they can hand on production [ability] to contracted suppliers who already rely on regular leasing to maintain output .

About 70 jobs have already been created , with the potential for 80 more once demand recovers and output reaches its full 1,500-bus capacity .
about 70 jobs have already been created , with the potential for 80 more once demand recovers and output reaches its full 1,500-bus [ability] .

The white paper says : ‘ As a general rule , matters such as the need for a generating station , its capacity , choice of fuel and type of plant are commercial matters for the applicant for such consent .
the white paper says : ‘ as a general rule , matters such as the need for a generating station , its [ability] , choice of fuel and type of plant are commercial matters for the applicant for such consent .

Improved order intake and increased capacity usage over the past three months confirmed that the tentative pick-up seen in the previous quarter was not an aberration .
improved order intake and increased [ability] usage over the past three months confirmed that the tentative pick-up seen in the previous quarter was not an aberration .

‘ If we have continued improvement it wo n't make any immediate difference to employment levels due to slack capacity .
‘ if we have continued improvement it wo n't make any immediate difference to employment levels due to slack [ability] .

Andy Goram , Richard Gough , David Robertson , Ian Ferguson and Pieter Huistra are destined to be spectators among a capacity crowd of 42,000 at Ibrox .
andy goram , richard gough , david robertson , ian ferguson and pieter huistra are destined to be spectators among a [ability] crowd of 42,000 at ibrox .

Injury and suspension could now give Walter Smith 's team a vulnerability on two fronts that tests even their noticeable capacity for ignoring logic and achieving results that fly in the face of realism .
injury and suspension could now give walter smith 's team a vulnerability on two fronts that tests even their noticeable [ability] for ignoring logic and achieving results that fly in the face of realism .

The occasion 's capacity for firing up , rather than wearing down , Scotland 's players was summed up by Aberdeen 's Stephen Wright , one of two new caps , the other being Hearts ' goalkeeper , Nicky Walker .
the occasion 's [ability] for firing up , rather than wearing down , scotland 's players was summed up by aberdeen 's stephen wright , one of two new caps , the other being hearts ' goalkeeper , nicky walker .

More and more we realise , as deskilling and lack of training inhibit our economic capacity , that a policy of social opportunity also makes the most obvious economic sense .
more and more we realise , as deskilling and lack of training inhibit our economic [ability] , that a policy of social opportunity also makes the most obvious economic sense .

East Coast main line Inter City 225s with extra coaches will run at their full 140mph capacity and line and signalling improvements , plus the new layout at King 's Cross , will further speed journey times .
east coast main line inter city 225s with extra coaches will run at their full 140mph [ability] and line and signalling improvements , plus the new layout at king 's cross , will further speed journey times .

The international will be staged at Murrayfield ( reduced capacity 37,500 ) on 20 November , while South will provide opposition at Netherdale on 10 November .
the international will be staged at murrayfield ( reduced [ability] 37,500 ) on 20 november , while south will provide opposition at netherdale on 10 november .

George was a superb dean , not least because of his capacity to listen to colleagues and then make up his mind decisively .
george was a superb dean , not least because of his [ability] to listen to colleagues and then make up his mind decisively .

In the meantime , Docherty will help sell the remainder of the tickets for the 7,000 capacity arena on 6 March .
in the meantime , docherty will help sell the remainder of the tickets for the 7,000 [ability] arena on 6 march .

The venue will be the city 's Helenvale Park , which has a capacity of 1,200 , and it is likely that the match between the Old Firm will be all-ticket .
the venue will be the city 's helenvale park , which has a [ability] of 1,200 , and it is likely that the match between the old firm will be all-ticket .

He was also the company 's standard bearer at the town 's annual common riding and as a former Master upholsterer he previously represented the Corporation of Hammermen in a similar capacity .
he was also the company 's standard bearer at the town 's annual common riding and as a former master upholsterer he previously represented the corporation of hammermen in a similar [ability] .

’ Yet there is no question that , across the economic cycle , it has been the Rhine model which has shown far the most robust capacity for growth .
’ yet there is no question that , across the economic cycle , it has been the rhine model which has shown far the most robust [ability] for growth .

Glasgow University 's recently published study of homelessness among the young in Scotland simply highlights the facts which have been known to anyone who had been working in the social security system in whatever capacity for a number of years .
glasgow university 's recently published study of homelessness among the young in scotland simply highlights the facts which have been known to anyone who had been working in the social security system in whatever [ability] for a number of years .

It is expected that there will be a capacity audience , but if any seats are available at that time non-members may be admitted for £1.50 .
it is expected that there will be a [ability] audience , but if any seats are available at that time non-members may be admitted for £1.50 .

While is possible that Ryde have signed him in his other capacity as Saviour of the World , the official reason is that regular ‘ keeper Ian Lloyd is having trials with York City .
while is possible that ryde have signed him in his other [ability] as saviour of the world , the official reason is that regular ‘ keeper ian lloyd is having trials with york city .

It grows , matures and retains a capacity to surprise and enrich .
it grows , matures and retains a [ability] to surprise and enrich .

On Saturday , Princess Margaret , in her capacity as patron of the Scottish Ballet , will attend a gala performance at the Theatre Royal in Glasgow in aid of the Scottish Children 's League , of which she is president .
on saturday , princess margaret , in her [ability] as patron of the scottish ballet , will attend a gala performance at the theatre royal in glasgow in aid of the scottish children 's league , of which she is president .

With an unusual capacity for gathering and synthesising evidence relating to all three countries , he demonstrated the ways in which the fortunes of the respective Celtic languages reflected similar or divergent developments .
with an unusual [ability] for gathering and synthesising evidence relating to all three countries , he demonstrated the ways in which the fortunes of the respective celtic languages reflected similar or divergent developments .

Garrett , who is based in the town , takes over from Ricky Westwell who has stepped down because of work commitments , but will remain at the club in another capacity .
garrett , who is based in the town , takes over from ricky westwell who has stepped down because of work commitments , but will remain at the club in another [ability] .

But there have been errors too , with Pilkington investing in foreign glass capacity during the 1980s , at the peak of a cycle which soon slumped , leaving the St Helens based group with over capacity just as the down turn arrived .
but there have been errors too , with pilkington investing in foreign glass [ability] during the 1980s , at the peak of a cycle which soon slumped , leaving the st helens based group with over [ability] just as the down turn arrived .

In his official capacity , Bishop Daly has attended a number of recent public functions and officiated at funerals for two priests .
in his official [ability] , bishop daly has attended a number of recent public functions and officiated at funerals for two priests .

Superpowered craft with engines up to eight litres in capacity and capable of surging across the water at 120mph will compete for the class two championship of Europe .
superpowered craft with engines up to eight litres in [ability] and capable of surging across the water at 120mph will compete for the class two championship of europe .

Mr Clarke said : ‘ To bring our support structure into line with our reduced productive capacity and to further improve efficiency , we will have to reduce staff numbers .
mr clarke said : ‘ to bring our support structure into line with our reduced productive [ability] and to further improve efficiency , we will have to reduce staff numbers .

However , the half-full 1.7 million cubic foot capacity storage tank was not badly damaged .
however , the half-full 1.7 million cubic foot [ability] storage tank was not badly damaged .

The Irish-American group claimed to be acting in a purely private capacity on its three-day trip , which included talks with Taoiseach Albert Reynolds and Ulster Secretary of State Sir Patrick Mayhew .
the irish-american group claimed to be acting in a purely private [ability] on its three-day trip , which included talks with taoiseach albert reynolds and ulster secretary of state sir patrick mayhew .

After her affair Dona was more mature than Anna and had the capacity to accept a life with her husband .
after her affair dona was more mature than anna and had the [ability] to accept a life with her husband .

In the course of receiving treatment for a heart condition , Hinrich Medau became deeply interested in the work of Dr Ludwig Schmitt , who believed that a healthy state is more likely to be maintained where there is lively blood circulation and breathing to full capacity .
in the course of receiving treatment for a heart condition , hinrich medau became deeply interested in the work of dr ludwig schmitt , who believed that a healthy state is more likely to be maintained where there is lively blood circulation and breathing to full [ability] .

The ‘ skinnys ’ were beginning to become hungrier and hungrier , their stomach capacity gaining size every ‘ fat in five seconds ’ eaten .
the ‘ skinnys ’ were beginning to become hungrier and hungrier , their stomach [ability] gaining size every ‘ fat in five seconds ’ eaten .

Occupations tend to be upgraded in status , for example , by implying possession of a special skill or suggesting that the work is in a supervisory capacity .
occupations tend to be upgraded in status , for example , by implying possession of a special skill or suggesting that the work is in a supervisory [ability] .

This gross reproduction rate measures the population 's capacity to replace itself assuming fertility does not alter .
this gross reproduction rate measures the population 's [ability] to replace itself assuming fertility does not alter .

It is in a strong position to provide sound advice , given its close links with institutions in the financial system and in its capacity as the collector of financial statistics from the banks .
it is in a strong position to provide sound advice , given its close links with institutions in the financial system and in its [ability] as the collector of financial statistics from the banks .

It is easy to distinguish between the two markets — the discount market has as one of its participants the Bank of England , participating in its capacity of ‘ lender of last resort ’ , an important function dealt with later in this chapter .
it is easy to distinguish between the two markets — the discount market has as one of its participants the bank of england , participating in its [ability] of ‘ lender of last resort ’ , an important function dealt with later in this chapter .

the operation of the single capacity system ,
the operation of the single [ability] system ,

With the system of single capacity , jobbers were ‘ principals ’ and dealt only with brokers , not the general public .
with the system of single [ability] , jobbers were ‘ principals ’ and dealt only with brokers , not the general public .

Conversely , brokers could not act as jobbers ( and thus had ‘ single ’ capacity ) and their role was to find the best price from the jobbers for their customers .
conversely , brokers could not act as jobbers ( and thus had ‘ single ’ [ability] ) and their role was to find the best price from the jobbers for their customers .

Single capacity was supposed to reduce conflicts of interest as brokers found the best prices from jobbers for their clients and jobbers competed amongst each other to produce fair prices .
single [ability] was supposed to reduce conflicts of interest as brokers found the best prices from jobbers for their clients and jobbers competed amongst each other to produce fair prices .

One of the main problems of the single capacity system was that there were pockets of less actively traded shares that jobbers refused to make a market in .
one of the main problems of the single [ability] system was that there were pockets of less actively traded shares that jobbers refused to make a market in .

Abolition of single capacity ( dual capacity introduced ) .
abolition of single [ability] ( dual [ability] introduced ) .

Under dual capacity a member firm can act as both agent and principal whereas previously jobbers and brokers were separated .
under dual [ability] a member firm can act as both agent and principal whereas previously jobbers and brokers were separated .

There were fears that the advent of dual capacity would produce conflicts of interest , and certain technical changes were made to the mechanics of trading .
there were fears that the advent of dual [ability] would produce conflicts of interest , and certain technical changes were made to the mechanics of trading .

The gilt-edged market was changed in a very similar way to the stock market in Big Bang , with single capacity jobbers and brokers being replaced by dual capacity gilt-edged market makers ( GEMMs ) .
the gilt-edged market was changed in a very similar way to the stock market in big bang , with single [ability] jobbers and brokers being replaced by dual [ability] gilt-edged market makers ( gemms ) .

In general , regulation has become formal with more specific guidelines and rules than in the past , coupled with the abolition of many informal agreements such as the minimum commission system and single capacity of the stock exchange , and the interest rate cartel of the building societies .
in general , regulation has become formal with more specific guidelines and rules than in the past , coupled with the abolition of many informal agreements such as the minimum commission system and single [ability] of the stock exchange , and the interest rate cartel of the building societies .

Responsibility lies with the SROs , but it could be argued that they have insufficient resources to carry out this role , and should merely be ombudsmen ( although there is also some doubt as to their ability to act in this limited capacity given their degree of underfunding ) .
responsibility lies with the sros , but it could be argued that they have insufficient resources to carry out this role , and should merely be ombudsmen ( although there is also some doubt as to their ability to act in this limited [ability] given their degree of underfunding ) .

In other words , the demands on the state in its capacity as the focus of the system 's legitimacy were increasing over time .
in other words , the demands on the state in its [ability] as the focus of the system 's legitimacy were increasing over time .

Imposed policy decisions which are bound to increase losses or limit capacity may be followed within days by a howl of anguish about the financial state of the organization , or about shortage of supply .
imposed policy decisions which are bound to increase losses or limit [ability] may be followed within days by a howl of anguish about the financial state of the organization , or about shortage of supply .

As Vernon ( 1984 : 8 ) writes of the French case , ‘ in actual practice , managers have found themselves dealing with half-a-dozen ministers or more , each with some capacity to reward or punish ’ .
as vernon ( 1984 : 8 ) writes of the french case , ‘ in actual practice , managers have found themselves dealing with half-a-dozen ministers or more , each with some [ability] to reward or punish ’ .

Enterprises have the capacity to thwart external assessment of their performance and to steer between the conflicting , multifarious pressures on them ; while the political authorities can grant or withhold economic resources and more fundamentally , general political support .
enterprises have the [ability] to thwart external assessment of their performance and to steer between the conflicting , multifarious pressures on them ; while the political authorities can grant or withhold economic resources and more fundamentally , general political support .

The capacity of the unions to disrupt can be expected to vary according to factors such as the internal unity and organization of the unions .
the [ability] of the unions to disrupt can be expected to vary according to factors such as the internal unity and organization of the unions .

The introduction of bargaining and the capacity to negotiate collective agreements or ‘ convenios ’ , although still closely controlled , gave the company councils a genuine industrial relations function for the first time and encouraged the workers ' commissions ' strategy of working through the official system and putting forward candidates to company council elections .
the introduction of bargaining and the [ability] to negotiate collective agreements or ‘ convenios ’ , although still closely controlled , gave the company councils a genuine industrial relations function for the first time and encouraged the workers ' commissions ' strategy of working through the official system and putting forward candidates to company council elections .

On the demand side , firms with new capacity will tend to cut prices in an attempt to win markets from their rivals with older equipment .
on the demand side , firms with new [ability] will tend to cut prices in an attempt to win markets from their rivals with older equipment .

This offset the effect of rising mechanization on capital costs , and , combined with a rise in capacity utilization , pushed the output-capital ratio up .
this offset the effect of rising mechanization on capital costs , and , combined with a rise in [ability] utilization , pushed the output-capital ratio up .

Jacques Delors , later to be minister of finance in Mitterrand 's socialist government , records that when Monnet first gathered the steel masters together and demanded the reconstitution of prewar production capacity within four years , ‘ Two or more cases of heart seizure reportedly ensued ’ ( Delors , 1978 , p. 15 ) .
jacques delors , later to be minister of finance in mitterrand 's socialist government , records that when monnet first gathered the steel masters together and demanded the reconstitution of prewar production [ability] within four years , ‘ two or more cases of heart seizure reportedly ensued ’ ( delors , 1978 , p. 15 ) .

This suggests that firms may have formally agreed to share out capacity growth , but then invested to increase their share .
this suggests that firms may have formally agreed to share out [ability] growth , but then invested to increase their share .

The government has been continuously involved in the process of capacity expansion :
the government has been continuously involved in the process of [ability] expansion :

It has been said that no application from a major firm for a capacity increment has ever been flatly rejected , although some have been delayed .
it has been said that no application from a major firm for a [ability] increment has ever been flatly rejected , although some have been delayed .

Even capacity expansion co-operation has been carried out in such a way as to allow substantial continued internal competition and even greater market share changes than occurred in the United States .
even [ability] expansion co-operation has been carried out in such a way as to allow substantial continued internal competition and even greater market share changes than occurred in the united states .

By 1977 Japan had 25 blast-furnaces in operation with a capacity of over 2 million tons .
by 1977 japan had 25 blast-furnaces in operation with a [ability] of over 2 million tons .

Lower capacity utilization was also important for explaining the fall in the profit rate in the United States , though this is only a partial explanation .
lower [ability] utilization was also important for explaining the fall in the profit rate in the united states , though this is only a partial explanation .

It was also partly in response to the effects of overaccumulation that deflationary policies led to decreased capacity utilization in the United States .
it was also partly in response to the effects of overaccumulation that deflationary policies led to decreased [ability] utilization in the united states .

Higher inflation would enable old capital to stay competitive , but profitable capacity would then exceed market demand .
higher inflation would enable old capital to stay competitive , but profitable [ability] would then exceed market demand .

The share of profits in both manufacturing and business showed little change , despite lower capacity utilization .
the share of profits in both manufacturing and business showed little change , despite lower [ability] utilization .

One is the fact that , while in Italy a tightening of the labour market played a key role , in France the strike occurred in the context of the highest levels of unemployment and excess capacity since 1960 .
one is the fact that , while in italy a tightening of the labour market played a key role , in france the strike occurred in the context of the highest levels of unemployment and excess [ability] since 1960 .

Idle capacity rose by about 3 percentage points between the second halves of 1969 and 1971 ; rather more in the United States and Japan and considerably less in Europe .
idle [ability] rose by about 3 percentage points between the second halves of 1969 and 1971 ; rather more in the united states and japan and considerably less in europe .

Although the level of capacity utilization reached at the height of the upswing was lower than in the previous boom ( and so the extent of ‘ overheating ’ , as conventionally measured was less ) , the rate of expansion was faster than at any time since 1958–9 .
although the level of [ability] utilization reached at the height of the upswing was lower than in the previous boom ( and so the extent of ‘ overheating ’ , as conventionally measured was less ) , the rate of expansion was faster than at any time since 1958–9 .

Moreover , capacity utilization was considerably lower when the previous upswing had begun than it was at the start of the mini-boom of 1972–3 .
moreover , [ability] utilization was considerably lower when the previous upswing had begun than it was at the start of the mini-boom of 1972–3 .

The resulting slump left a considerable proportion of productive capacity idle .
the resulting slump left a considerable proportion of productive [ability] idle .

his full capacity . So where he is now , they really stretch them but they unwind them in the afternoons by games and and
his full [ability] . so where he is now , they really stretch them but they unwind them in the afternoons by games and and

Mr Hamer said existing slaughterhouses were struggling to get sufficient lambs to keep existing plant operating at full capacity and that the Fortex development would be a case of job re-allocation rather than job creation .
mr hamer said existing slaughterhouses were struggling to get sufficient lambs to keep existing plant operating at full [ability] and that the fortex development would be a case of job re-allocation rather than job creation .

He said the intention was that beds in intensive care units were managed so that the were occupied 70pc of the time leaving a 30pc capacity to take emergency cases like road accident victims .
he said the intention was that beds in intensive care units were managed so that the were occupied 70pc of the time leaving a 30pc [ability] to take emergency cases like road accident victims .

He said the intention was that beds in intensive care units were managed so that they were occupied 70 per cent of the time , leaving a 30 per cent capacity to take emergency cases , such as road accident victims .
he said the intention was that beds in intensive care units were managed so that they were occupied 70 per cent of the time , leaving a 30 per cent [ability] to take emergency cases , such as road accident victims .

John Foster , the council 's chief executive officer , was speaking in his capacity as chairman of the environmental panel of Solace , The Society of Local Authority Chief Executives .
john foster , the council 's chief executive officer , was speaking in his [ability] as chairman of the environmental panel of solace , the society of local authority chief executives .

Boot capacity at 390 litres is the largest in its class and convenience items include an electrically operated hood , front and rear windows , door mirrors and aerial .
boot [ability] at 390 litres is the largest in its class and convenience items include an electrically operated hood , front and rear windows , door mirrors and aerial .

Two years ago , new owner Ford was encouraged to spend a lot of money on cosmetic changes to make it look pretty … Now for 1993 , the job has been completed with more serious surgery to improve handling and performance and in the case of the convertible model doubling seating capacity .
two years ago , new owner ford was encouraged to spend a lot of money on cosmetic changes to make it look pretty … now for 1993 , the job has been completed with more serious surgery to improve handling and performance and in the case of the convertible model doubling seating [ability] .

‘ In 10 years ’ time Cammell Laird could be closed and yards in France and Spain could be on the crest of a wave because they retained their shipbuilding capacity . ’
‘ in 10 years ’ time cammell laird could be closed and yards in france and spain could be on the crest of a wave because they retained their shipbuilding [ability] . ’

Suzanne Heron , for the Co-Op , said traffic assessments suggested the road could take extra capacity .
suzanne heron , for the co-op , said traffic assessments suggested the road could take extra [ability] .

Expansion plans announced over the weekend will enable the company to double its manufacturing capacity .
expansion plans announced over the weekend will enable the company to double its manufacturing [ability] .

Suzanne Heron , public relations officer for the NorthEastern Co-op , said a traffic survey had shown the road could take extra capacity .
suzanne heron , public relations officer for the northeastern co-op , said a traffic survey had shown the road could take extra [ability] .

Mr Walker was a member of the team which pioneered kidney transplants in the NorthEast , in his capacity as reader and honorary consultant surgeon to Durham University and the Royal Victoria Infirmary , Newcastle .
mr walker was a member of the team which pioneered kidney transplants in the northeast , in his [ability] as reader and honorary consultant surgeon to durham university and the royal victoria infirmary , newcastle .

Upgrading the existing cable by means of a new 400,000-volt cable was the only way to ensure sufficient carrying capacity for supplies from the new Teesside Power station under construction at Wilton , those at Hartlepool and Blythe and exports from Scotland .
upgrading the existing cable by means of a new 400,000-volt cable was the only way to ensure sufficient carrying [ability] for supplies from the new teesside power station under construction at wilton , those at hartlepool and blythe and exports from scotland .

The Secretary of State had already said future applications to build power stations would be considered on their own merit and not because there was spare capacity .
the secretary of state had already said future applications to build power stations would be considered on their own merit and not because there was spare [ability] .

‘ We have a seating capacity of about 250 and the original intention was nearer 750 , ’ said Mr Cave .
‘ we have a seating [ability] of about 250 and the original intention was nearer 750 , ’ said mr cave .

The Duchess breezed into the North West yesterday on a whistle-stop tour in her capacity as patron of the MacIntyre Trust , a charity dedicated to helping people with mental disabilities overcome their handicaps .
the duchess breezed into the north west yesterday on a whistle-stop tour in her [ability] as patron of the macintyre trust , a charity dedicated to helping people with mental disabilities overcome their handicaps .

Once he had the capacity for international road race events .
once he had the [ability] for international road race events .

Yorkshire are determined to avenge their defeat in last season 's final at Twickenham , and are hoping Atkins ' clubmate Guy Easterby , making his county debut at scrum half , will rise to the occasion in front of a 14,000 capacity crowd .
yorkshire are determined to avenge their defeat in last season 's final at twickenham , and are hoping atkins ' clubmate guy easterby , making his county debut at scrum half , will rise to the occasion in front of a 14,000 [ability] crowd .

With a ground capacity of 6,000 , the intention is to make it an all-ticket match , with members being given the first option .
with a ground [ability] of 6,000 , the intention is to make it an all-ticket match , with members being given the first option .

The concert hall capacity is 320 , filled nearly to that figure at weekends or on special occasions but usually it stands empty on weekdays .
the concert hall [ability] is 320 , filled nearly to that figure at weekends or on special occasions but usually it stands empty on weekdays .

Several people with North-East connections have been linked with the job former Middlesbrough manager Bruce Rioch , ex-Sunderland chief coach Viv Busby , one-time York boss John Bird , David McCreery , who has been released as Hartlepool 's player-assistant manager , and Billy McEwan , once with Scarborough in a coaching and scouting capacity .
several people with north-east connections have been linked with the job former middlesbrough manager bruce rioch , ex-sunderland chief coach viv busby , one-time york boss john bird , david mccreery , who has been released as hartlepool 's player-assistant manager , and billy mcewan , once with scarborough in a coaching and scouting [ability] .

Led by American captain Tony Hanson they eventually lost before a capacity crowd .
led by american captain tony hanson they eventually lost before a [ability] crowd .

‘ But that depends on the capacity of the British Merchant Navy to obtain the orders that are there throughout the world . ’
‘ but that depends on the [ability] of the british merchant navy to obtain the orders that are there throughout the world . ’

But there were no complaints from the capacity crowd at Darlington Civic Theatre on opening night .
but there were no complaints from the [ability] crowd at darlington civic theatre on opening night .

When she turned up at Buckingham University in her newly ennobled capacity she showed nothing had changed .
when she turned up at buckingham university in her newly ennobled [ability] she showed nothing had changed .

Equally dramatic has been the emergence of a new venue , the former Gas Works , converted into a theatre almost at the drop of a hat , a transformation that clearly shook last night 's capacity audience at the first performance in the Klondyke Building .
equally dramatic has been the emergence of a new venue , the former gas works , converted into a theatre almost at the drop of a hat , a transformation that clearly shook last night 's [ability] audience at the first performance in the klondyke building .

There 's a lot of capacity in the world market and we 've had trouble competing against that
there 's a lot of [ability] in the world market and we 've had trouble competing against that

Film making is highly technical but for it 's inspiration it depends on one 's capacity intuitively and creatively , and it means bloody hard work
film making is highly technical but for it 's inspiration it depends on one 's [ability] intuitively and creatively , and it means bloody hard work

But the paper added : ‘ It is also right that people should not be forced to work into old age in jobs that may , on the one hand , impose physical or mental demands which are beyond their capacity or , on the other , be boring and repetitive .
but the paper added : ‘ it is also right that people should not be forced to work into old age in jobs that may , on the one hand , impose physical or mental demands which are beyond their [ability] or , on the other , be boring and repetitive .

Another buoyant capacity Oval crowd was hushed first by stout Australian late order resistance in the morning — and then by an all-too familiar England batting collapse late in the afternoon .
another buoyant [ability] oval crowd was hushed first by stout australian late order resistance in the morning — and then by an all-too familiar england batting collapse late in the afternoon .

The injury niggles involving Tony Cascarino , Andy Townsend , Packie Bonner and Terry Phelan should be cleared up by 2.45 on Wednesday afternoon when a capacity Lansdowne Road will urge the Republic towards another giant step to Group Three qualification .
the injury niggles involving tony cascarino , andy townsend , packie bonner and terry phelan should be cleared up by 2.45 on wednesday afternoon when a [ability] lansdowne road will urge the republic towards another giant step to group three qualification .

But the new aircraft will have more powerful engines , combined with the Dowty propellers , to give it a greater load carrying capacity and range .
but the new aircraft will have more powerful engines , combined with the dowty propellers , to give it a greater load carrying [ability] and range .

Operators have got another couple of weeks in which to take decisions on capacity for the summer , so they might not cut back as much as they erm , they might have done had the war still been ongoing , so we should still have plenty of holidays available this summer .
operators have got another couple of weeks in which to take decisions on [ability] for the summer , so they might not cut back as much as they erm , they might have done had the war still been ongoing , so we should still have plenty of holidays available this summer .

And the capacity is there to handle whatever comes ?
and the [ability] is there to handle whatever comes ?

It 's ability to boost the production of red blood cells can also have an extraordinary effect on an athlete , increasing his aerobic capacity , and dramatically improving speed and endurance .
it 's ability to boost the production of red blood cells can also have an extraordinary effect on an athlete , increasing his aerobic [ability] , and dramatically improving speed and endurance .

Our offices had expanded very rapidly from 1986 onwards and we had to increase our production capacity here and we were finding it very difficult to recruit trained sewing machinists .
our offices had expanded very rapidly from 1986 onwards and we had to increase our production [ability] here and we were finding it very difficult to recruit trained sewing machinists .

‘ My brother paid me to help him in an unofficial capacity .
‘ my brother paid me to help him in an unofficial [ability] .

Initially , the terminal will be able to handle up to six million passengers a year , boosting the airport 's overall annual capacity to 17.5 million .
initially , the terminal will be able to handle up to six million passengers a year , boosting the airport 's overall annual [ability] to 17.5 million .

More importantly , much of the investment that is taking place simply replicates facilities at other ports and adds to excess capacity in the industry .
more importantly , much of the investment that is taking place simply replicates facilities at other ports and adds to excess [ability] in the industry .

Mr Knight anticipates that over the next few years manufacturing capacity will expand and business may be further developed via a joint venture .
mr knight anticipates that over the next few years manufacturing [ability] will expand and business may be further developed via a joint venture .

‘ Traditional sources of funding are drying up and the events of the past two years have further undermined the capacity of airlines to finance new aircraft on their own balance sheets .
‘ traditional sources of funding are drying up and the events of the past two years have further undermined the [ability] of airlines to finance new aircraft on their own balance sheets .

Dutch Prime minister Ruud Lubbers will open Schiphol Airport 's new £190 million terminal in May increasing passenger capacity to 27 million . Last year it handled 19 million
dutch prime minister ruud lubbers will open schiphol airport 's new £190 million terminal in may increasing passenger [ability] to 27 million . last year it handled 19 million

After returning briefly to London , Sir Alastair was in Cardiff on Friday evening , 19 February , for the Annual Dinner of the Welsh Section , for which there was a capacity turn-out in excess of 200 members and guests .
after returning briefly to london , sir alastair was in cardiff on friday evening , 19 february , for the annual dinner of the welsh section , for which there was a [ability] turn-out in excess of 200 members and guests .

Since the track authority needs this information to access the capacity and other related constraints on the system , it is best placed to provide or sell timetable information nationally , regionally or at an individual service level .
since the track authority needs this information to access the [ability] and other related constraints on the system , it is best placed to provide or sell timetable information nationally , regionally or at an individual service level .

When running at full capacity it will employ 450 people , improving job prospects in Cheshire , North Wales and Merseyside .
when running at full [ability] it will employ 450 people , improving job prospects in cheshire , north wales and merseyside .

When running at full capacity , it will employ 450 people , giving a timely boost to job prospects in Cheshire , North Wales and Merseyside .
when running at full [ability] , it will employ 450 people , giving a timely boost to job prospects in cheshire , north wales and merseyside .

But the Springboks cruised to a 32-9 victory over the Midlands and received a warm welcome from a capacity 13,500 crowd , with police reporting no significant incidents .
but the springboks cruised to a 32-9 victory over the midlands and received a warm welcome from a [ability] 13,500 crowd , with police reporting no significant incidents .

Michael Parkinson , who presented the programme and added some credence to it by his presence , said afterwards : ‘ It just shows what a capacity television has for delusion . ’
michael parkinson , who presented the programme and added some credence to it by his presence , said afterwards : ‘ it just shows what a [ability] television has for delusion . ’

Mr Major will meet Clinton in his capacity as president of the European Community during a preplanned US-Euro summit .
mr major will meet clinton in his [ability] as president of the european community during a preplanned us-euro summit .

The Sultan is visiting with the senior of his two wives , the Raja Isteri , in an official capacity — for the first time since his country achieved full independence from Britain in 1984 .
the sultan is visiting with the senior of his two wives , the raja isteri , in an official [ability] — for the first time since his country achieved full independence from britain in 1984 .

Unemployed , he would love to resume a career in football , even though he knows it would have to be in an off-the-field capacity .
unemployed , he would love to resume a career in football , even though he knows it would have to be in an off-the-field [ability] .

But Labour 's education chairman , Gideon Ben-Tovim , said keeping two separate age-group schools for those with physical disabilities would mean two half capacity schools when one could house all pupils .
but labour 's education chairman , gideon ben-tovim , said keeping two separate age-group schools for those with physical disabilities would mean two half [ability] schools when one could house all pupils .

‘ With the number of firms working to full capacity still fewer than one in five it is difficult to be optimistic about any improvements in the short term , ’ he added .
‘ with the number of firms working to full [ability] still fewer than one in five it is difficult to be optimistic about any improvements in the short term , ’ he added .

Spokesman Andrew Andersz said : ‘ Our sales have been encouraging , but our exports are the only reason we are working at full capacity .
spokesman andrew andersz said : ‘ our sales have been encouraging , but our exports are the only reason we are working at full [ability] .

the Voie Sacrée ) , crammed to the most extreme limits of its capacity , requires no details .
the voie sacrée ) , crammed to the most extreme limits of its [ability] , requires no details .

Colodense expects to improve on this fourth place in the next survey , following the introduction of a £3 million 10-colour gravure press in June which provides extra capacity .
colodense expects to improve on this fourth place in the next survey , following the introduction of a £3 million 10-colour gravure press in june which provides extra [ability] .

Tino Savvas said : ‘ The problems with delivery reliability were because customers were stretching our capacity to the limit .
tino savvas said : ‘ the problems with delivery reliability were because customers were stretching our [ability] to the limit .

Now we have adequate capacity that should no longer be the case .
now we have adequate [ability] that should no longer be the case .

Plans are being drawn up for a new production line that will provide additional capacity of 60,000 tubes per day at the factory currently making 317,000 tubes per day .
plans are being drawn up for a new production line that will provide additional [ability] of 60,000 tubes per day at the factory currently making 317,000 tubes per day .

Viscose prices had been falling , affected by new fibre capacity in the Far East and increased exports of textile goods into North America .
viscose prices had been falling , affected by new fibre [ability] in the far east and increased exports of textile goods into north america .

This implies that there is no excess capacity ( that is to say , all existing machines must be fully employed and there must be no possibility of overtime or shift working ) .
this implies that there is no excess [ability] ( that is to say , all existing machines must be fully employed and there must be no possibility of overtime or shift working ) .

This is extremely unrealistic — it is more likely that firms will be able to meet some of the increased demand by working existing machines harder and using whatever excess capacity does exist .
this is extremely unrealistic — it is more likely that firms will be able to meet some of the increased demand by working existing machines harder and using whatever excess [ability] does exist .

This reduces the bank 's capacity to create credit .
this reduces the bank 's [ability] to create credit .

This is a time of low unemployment , a high level of demand , firms working at full capacity earning high profits , an increasing rate of inflation and probably rising interest rates as investors compete with each other for limited loanable funds .
this is a time of low unemployment , a high level of demand , firms working at full [ability] earning high profits , an increasing rate of inflation and probably rising interest rates as investors compete with each other for limited loanable funds .

Even in term , however , up to 450 people take lunch in the Lord Todd , which has a capacity for 200 , so there is plenty of work involved in serving and then clearing tables to accommodate all the diners .
even in term , however , up to 450 people take lunch in the lord todd , which has a [ability] for 200 , so there is plenty of work involved in serving and then clearing tables to accommodate all the diners .

So Fibres ' polyester capacity is small today and aimed at niche markets , in such areas as automotive upholstery and trim .
so fibres ' polyester [ability] is small today and aimed at niche markets , in such areas as automotive upholstery and trim .

No one else in the counry has the capacity for doing that ; you 've got to be able to take the acid away from the power station 24 hours a day , every day of the year .
no one else in the counry has the [ability] for doing that ; you 've got to be able to take the acid away from the power station 24 hours a day , every day of the year .

‘ We have n't as a rule the problems of the petrochemical industry , where some parts of the industry in the past put in huge new additional capacity and got gross over-production .
‘ we have n't as a rule the problems of the petrochemical industry , where some parts of the industry in the past put in huge new additional [ability] and got gross over-production .

Historically , we tended to concentrate on high volume products and maximum utilisation of capacity .
historically , we tended to concentrate on high volume products and maximum utilisation of [ability] .

Last year we put in more capacity at Wrexham to make self-injection devices for the new Glaxo migraine treatment Imigran .
last year we put in more [ability] at wrexham to make self-injection devices for the new glaxo migraine treatment imigran .

Also we have invested heavily in clean room capacity , both at Colchester and Wrexham .
also we have invested heavily in clean room [ability] , both at colchester and wrexham .

Stock levels in maintenance stores went down , reducing working capacity by $100,000 .
stock levels in maintenance stores went down , reducing working [ability] by $100,000 .

The large capacity of the reactor means gases can be scrubbed more quickly , removing a bottleneck and allowing the production process to operate more quickly .
the large [ability] of the reactor means gases can be scrubbed more quickly , removing a bottleneck and allowing the production process to operate more quickly .

The contamination level had to be brought down dramatically to achieve full capacity sales .
the contamination level had to be brought down dramatically to achieve full [ability] sales .

Problem : Vehicle carrying capacity not fully utilized .
problem : vehicle carrying [ability] not fully utilized .

The capacity of these children to form relationships is very limited .
the [ability] of these children to form relationships is very limited .

For example , to offer much quicker delivery than is usual may cost a seller very little because of spare capacity , but if this is highly valued by the buyer the seller may be able to trade it in return for a prompt payment agreement .
for example , to offer much quicker delivery than is usual may cost a seller very little because of spare [ability] , but if this is highly valued by the buyer the seller may be able to trade it in return for a prompt payment agreement .

To dispose of surplus or to take up excess capacity in production .
to dispose of surplus or to take up excess [ability] in production .

The distributor acts in a different capacity to that of an agent because he is the actual buyer and seller of the goods , whereas the agent works principally on commission .
the distributor acts in a different [ability] to that of an agent because he is the actual buyer and seller of the goods , whereas the agent works principally on commission .

Similar to agents , distributors can be used in an information gathering capacity to report on trends and developments in the market place .
similar to agents , distributors can be used in an information gathering [ability] to report on trends and developments in the market place .

The percentage of sales accounted for by each of these market segments is given below : At the 1986 level of demand the company was operating at full capacity , but today it has an excess of manufacturing capacity .
the percentage of sales accounted for by each of these market segments is given below : at the 1986 level of demand the company was operating at full [ability] , but today it has an excess of manufacturing [ability] .

Cos if you 're looking at a two hundred capacity conference for er
cos if you 're looking at a two hundred [ability] conference for er

in her new capacity as head of department erm in the school . They 're starting a pre-prep thing
in her new [ability] as head of department erm in the school . they 're starting a pre-prep thing

According to the makers , Rudy and Linda Dasseville ( telephone 0825 765862 , if you dare ) , this large and handsome piece of furniture is designed to hold six acoustic guitars vertically in the side compartments and twelve electrics in flightcase-sized drawers down the middle section ( although there 's an option of a thirty-six electrics capacity ) , and is finished with exotic veneers and brass hardware .
according to the makers , rudy and linda dasseville ( telephone 0825 765862 , if you dare ) , this large and handsome piece of furniture is designed to hold six acoustic guitars vertically in the side compartments and twelve electrics in flightcase-sized drawers down the middle section ( although there 's an option of a thirty-six electrics [ability] ) , and is finished with exotic veneers and brass hardware .

An 8-ohm extension cabinet can be added to both versions , when the total load drops to 4-ohms , unleashing the unit 's full 350-watt capacity .
an 8-ohm extension cabinet can be added to both versions , when the total load drops to 4-ohms , unleashing the unit 's full 350-watt [ability] .

The factory 's output capacity is 200,000 acoustics and 100,000 electrics per annum , although electric production is running a little below maximum , due to a general and , Yamaha insist , temporary downturn in demand worldwide .
the factory 's output [ability] is 200,000 acoustics and 100,000 electrics per annum , although electric production is running a little below maximum , due to a general and , yamaha insist , temporary downturn in demand worldwide .

The length and width of the tank are important , the depth of water does not increase the stocking capacity .
the length and width of the tank are important , the depth of water does not increase the stocking [ability] .

This leads to an increase in ammonia and nitrite levels for a short time ; but this can be reduced by using two smaller-than-normal filters and washing them ( in water change tank water ) at alternative two weekly intervals maintaining one at full capacity at all times .
this leads to an increase in ammonia and nitrite levels for a short time ; but this can be reduced by using two smaller-than-normal filters and washing them ( in water change tank water ) at alternative two weekly intervals maintaining one at full [ability] at all times .

If you are thinking of building a tank with a water capacity of say 250 gallons in your front room , nothing can be left to chance .
if you are thinking of building a tank with a water [ability] of say 250 gallons in your front room , nothing can be left to chance .

Definitely better if you want to increase the power capacity .
definitely better if you want to increase the power [ability] .

Delays are unlikely to exceed a few minutes while capacity is maximised .
delays are unlikely to exceed a few minutes while [ability] is maximised .

The act of charging any battery causes a chemical reaction inside the cell , restoring battery voltage and capacity , with excess energy being dissipated as heat .
the act of charging any battery causes a chemical reaction inside the cell , restoring battery voltage and [ability] , with excess energy being dissipated as heat .

Man may be distinguished from the animal by his capacity for non-violence , but it does not mean that he has shed all vestiges of the animal in him .
man may be distinguished from the animal by his [ability] for non-violence , but it does not mean that he has shed all vestiges of the animal in him .

Then , being prevented from moving into other grazing areas by groups which had developed similar ideas of ownership , and realizing that there were limits to the carrying capacity of the land , they would sell off surplus cattle until they arrived at a perfect balance between the land and the stock residing upon it .
then , being prevented from moving into other grazing areas by groups which had developed similar ideas of ownership , and realizing that there were limits to the carrying [ability] of the land , they would sell off surplus cattle until they arrived at a perfect balance between the land and the stock residing upon it .

’ He did not doubt their ‘ capacity for culture ’ ; it was their ‘ environment ’ which was ‘ fatal ’ .
’ he did not doubt their ‘ [ability] for culture ’ ; it was their ‘ environment ’ which was ‘ fatal ’ .

His success could thus be explicitly attributed to that capacity for influence which British administrators had always claimed to possess , but had not normally had the opportunity of conclusively demonstrating .
his success could thus be explicitly attributed to that [ability] for influence which british administrators had always claimed to possess , but had not normally had the opportunity of conclusively demonstrating .

The duties of a Resident , Temple asseverated , were such as to give ‘ opportunities for the exertion of any degree of administrative capacity , tact , and industry ’ , and , amplifying : ‘ It may readily be supposed that this keeping in touch with the people without impairing the authority of the Emir and consequently of the whole native administration , is no easy task , and one on which any amount of administrative tact and ability can be exerted .
the duties of a resident , temple asseverated , were such as to give ‘ opportunities for the exertion of any degree of administrative [ability] , tact , and industry ’ , and , amplifying : ‘ it may readily be supposed that this keeping in touch with the people without impairing the authority of the emir and consequently of the whole native administration , is no easy task , and one on which any amount of administrative tact and ability can be exerted .

Temple could write with perfect confidence in his audience that though he would not ‘ strain the reader 's capacity by asking him to imagine a native Governor of a Colony or Protectorate ’ or even a native Colonial Secretary of Nigeria — a proposal which ‘ does not come within the bounds of practical politics ’ — he counted it an advantage of Indirect Rule that under it ‘ the native can and does fill not only positions of great responsibility but the highest positions , positions which place him on the social scale on an equality with the King 's representative himself ’ .
temple could write with perfect confidence in his audience that though he would not ‘ strain the reader 's [ability] by asking him to imagine a native governor of a colony or protectorate ’ or even a native colonial secretary of nigeria — a proposal which ‘ does not come within the bounds of practical politics ’ — he counted it an advantage of indirect rule that under it ‘ the native can and does fill not only positions of great responsibility but the highest positions , positions which place him on the social scale on an equality with the king 's representative himself ’ .

Whether the capacity for leadership extended beyond the special circumstances of school is another question .
whether the [ability] for leadership extended beyond the special circumstances of school is another question .

It will be argued in this chapter that their prideful belief in the capacity to influence , so vividly expressed and so evidently vindicated in Indirect Rule , led the British on to fatal experiment in more and more attenuated forms of imperial control .
it will be argued in this chapter that their prideful belief in the [ability] to influence , so vividly expressed and so evidently vindicated in indirect rule , led the british on to fatal experiment in more and more attenuated forms of imperial control .

Yet the Commonwealth was after all invented at a time when the British were more than ever enamoured of their capacity for effecting the bloodless obedience of subject peoples .
yet the commonwealth was after all invented at a time when the british were more than ever enamoured of their [ability] for effecting the bloodless obedience of subject peoples .

Osburn 's points were that his fellow Englishmen in India , whose heartless behaviour towards Indians he described in some detail , failed to ‘ realize that the British Empire depends for its existence on obtaining the consent and the friendly co-operation of the races governed ’ , and that the demand for independence ‘ need never have arisen but for the arrogance and want of tact of a large percentage of Englishmen who , in one capacity or another , are resident in India ’ .
osburn 's points were that his fellow englishmen in india , whose heartless behaviour towards indians he described in some detail , failed to ‘ realize that the british empire depends for its existence on obtaining the consent and the friendly co-operation of the races governed ’ , and that the demand for independence ‘ need never have arisen but for the arrogance and want of tact of a large percentage of englishmen who , in one [ability] or another , are resident in india ’ .

In the event , Mountbatten remained as Governor-General of India , in which capacity , at the invitation of the Congress leaders , he was briefly and secretly to resume executive power in 1947 to deal with the communal violence which threatened to destroy the infant state .
in the event , mountbatten remained as governor-general of india , in which [ability] , at the invitation of the congress leaders , he was briefly and secretly to resume executive power in 1947 to deal with the communal violence which threatened to destroy the infant state .

Hailey envisaged a system of regional councils , with a nominated membership drawn from native authorities and town councils , functioning initially in a largely consultative capacity but eventually being given legislative powers .
hailey envisaged a system of regional councils , with a nominated membership drawn from native authorities and town councils , functioning initially in a largely consultative [ability] but eventually being given legislative powers .

If , however , human beings are born with the capacity to be sexual — with a sexuality — but the manner in which that sexuality is expressed is socially constructed , then ‘ promotion ’ is possible .
if , however , human beings are born with the [ability] to be sexual — with a sexuality — but the manner in which that sexuality is expressed is socially constructed , then ‘ promotion ’ is possible .

If they will overload your ‘ listening ’ capacity , it may be better to refuse tactfully but firmly .
if they will overload your ‘ listening ’ [ability] , it may be better to refuse tactfully but firmly .

Ponds that have a large population of green plants ( and this includes ‘ Pea-soup ’ algae ) can become totally depleted of oxygen at night , especially during hot , humid weather where the oxygen carrying capacity of water is low .
ponds that have a large population of green plants ( and this includes ‘ pea-soup ’ algae ) can become totally depleted of oxygen at night , especially during hot , humid weather where the oxygen carrying [ability] of water is low .

In terms of maintaining good water quality the feeding regime and stocking levels have a very big influence and a careful balance must be maintained between the capacity of the filter and the imposed bioload if detrimental fluctuations in water quality are to be prevented .
in terms of maintaining good water quality the feeding regime and stocking levels have a very big influence and a careful balance must be maintained between the [ability] of the filter and the imposed bioload if detrimental fluctuations in water quality are to be prevented .

The tank has a 250 gallon capacity , and needs a water change of 50 gallons every month .
the tank has a 250 gallon [ability] , and needs a water change of 50 gallons every month .

To work out the capacity :
to work out the [ability] :

Tickets are supplied on a first come first served basis and audience capacity is limited , so do n't delay — fill out the coupon below .
tickets are supplied on a first come first served basis and audience [ability] is limited , so do n't delay — fill out the coupon below .

Together with farming , mainly cereals , it is a mixed community , with those travelling to employment in Beverley and Hull and those employed at the Army School of Mechanical Transport in both a uniformed and civilian capacity .
together with farming , mainly cereals , it is a mixed community , with those travelling to employment in beverley and hull and those employed at the army school of mechanical transport in both a uniformed and civilian [ability] .

All of us , the overweight as well as the slim , have some body controls which limit our eating capacity .
all of us , the overweight as well as the slim , have some body controls which limit our eating [ability] .

The whole unit was then double-insulated with a wood-polystyrene-wood sandwich construction and an intricate maze of pipework was developed to handle a projected water capacity of 3300 gallons .
the whole unit was then double-insulated with a wood-polystyrene-wood sandwich construction and an intricate maze of pipework was developed to handle a projected water [ability] of 3300 gallons .

Pump capacity is 2200 gallons/hour .
pump [ability] is 2200 gallons/hour .

It is not good practice to use extra filter capacity to increase stocking levels in the main tank .
it is not good practice to use extra filter [ability] to increase stocking levels in the main tank .

It is best to base stocking levels solely on the capacity of the main showtank .
it is best to base stocking levels solely on the [ability] of the main showtank .

The purpose of such an exercise is not so much to remove dirt ( mulm in a healthy filter is quite inert ) , so much as to restore the even filtering capacity of the media .
the purpose of such an exercise is not so much to remove dirt ( mulm in a healthy filter is quite inert ) , so much as to restore the even filtering [ability] of the media .

Staff members have acted in an advisory capacity on such projects as sites for dams , reservoirs , power stations , underground storage , major sewage schemes , new towns and buildings of all kinds , quarries , tunnels and routes for major roads and pipe lines .
staff members have acted in an advisory [ability] on such projects as sites for dams , reservoirs , power stations , underground storage , major sewage schemes , new towns and buildings of all kinds , quarries , tunnels and routes for major roads and pipe lines .

Green plants have the marvellous capacity to harness the sun 's energy by means of their chlorophyll ( the substance which gives them their green colour ) to split the water molecule into its component elements , hydrogen and oxygen .
green plants have the marvellous [ability] to harness the sun 's energy by means of their chlorophyll ( the substance which gives them their green colour ) to split the water molecule into its component elements , hydrogen and oxygen .

On the one hand we have the capacity for logical , rational thought with the ability to deduce or work out solutions to problems , and the analytical powers of scientific inquiry .
on the one hand we have the [ability] for logical , rational thought with the ability to deduce or work out solutions to problems , and the analytical powers of scientific inquiry .

Along with this imaginative , inspirational side of the mind goes the capacity — better developed in some than in others — for intuition .
along with this imaginative , inspirational side of the mind goes the [ability] — better developed in some than in others — for intuition .

The physical link between the two sides of the brain , known as the corpus callosum , has the ability to transfer information from one side to the other , so that the two aspects of mental function should not operate in isolation , but potentially have the capacity for interaction and interplay .
the physical link between the two sides of the brain , known as the corpus callosum , has the ability to transfer information from one side to the other , so that the two aspects of mental function should not operate in isolation , but potentially have the [ability] for interaction and interplay .

Although there are no rugby stadia in the country of sufficient capacity , there are several soccer venues which could more than adequately serve rugby 's needs .
although there are no rugby stadia in the country of sufficient [ability] , there are several soccer venues which could more than adequately serve rugby 's needs .

Through such corporate crimes as bribing foreign and domestic governmental officials , price-fixing , mergers and take-overs , fraudulent advertising , espionage , and patent violation , some competing corporations are forced into bankruptcy , others ' capacity to compete is impaired , and still others are robbed of resources vital to maintaining their market position .
through such corporate crimes as bribing foreign and domestic governmental officials , price-fixing , mergers and take-overs , fraudulent advertising , espionage , and patent violation , some competing corporations are forced into bankruptcy , others ' [ability] to compete is impaired , and still others are robbed of resources vital to maintaining their market position .

Given the environmental problems facing corporations and the preparedness of executives and officials unhindered by moral or ethical constraints to find ‘ rational ’ solutions , an operative criterion frequently forces itself into their consciousness — ‘ will it pay ’ ( and in whispered voices ) ‘ even though it is technically illegal ? ’ Since power has the capacity to sanctify crimes , almost in strict proportion to their enormity , corporate officials frequently discover themselves in the enviable situation of being able to conclude that ‘ it will ’ .
given the environmental problems facing corporations and the preparedness of executives and officials unhindered by moral or ethical constraints to find ‘ rational ’ solutions , an operative criterion frequently forces itself into their consciousness — ‘ will it pay ’ ( and in whispered voices ) ‘ even though it is technically illegal ? ’ since power has the [ability] to sanctify crimes , almost in strict proportion to their enormity , corporate officials frequently discover themselves in the enviable situation of being able to conclude that ‘ it will ’ .

Not only do they have a greater opportunity to commit their favoured types of crimes , but they have the capacity to influence which of their behaviours will be regarded as corporate crimes in the first place .
not only do they have a greater opportunity to commit their favoured types of crimes , but they have the [ability] to influence which of their behaviours will be regarded as corporate crimes in the first place .

To date , it 's been reasonably simple to pick holes in their Heads-Down-Take-No-Nonsense-Mindless-Boogie , but here in New York they overcome both comparisons and critics , sending a tangible buzz round a capacity crowd , already reeling after each being given a free condom by a security man on the way in .
to date , it 's been reasonably simple to pick holes in their heads-down-take-no-nonsense-mindless-boogie , but here in new york they overcome both comparisons and critics , sending a tangible buzz round a [ability] crowd , already reeling after each being given a free condom by a security man on the way in .

Lamb 's capacity to speak up is the true definition of a man .
lamb 's [ability] to speak up is the true definition of a man .

Health visitors can be employed in a part-time capacity , and the job theoretically lends itself well to jobsharing .
health visitors can be employed in a part-time [ability] , and the job theoretically lends itself well to jobsharing .

Voluntary work in the community can be just as useful as anything you may have done in a paid capacity .
voluntary work in the community can be just as useful as anything you may have done in a paid [ability] .

As Reg Pyne advises : ‘ In summary the portrait ( Code ) is of a practitioner who has the capacity to challenge , the honesty to ask why , the empathy to care , the skill to perform competently , and the determination not to be put down ’ .
as reg pyne advises : ‘ in summary the portrait ( code ) is of a practitioner who has the [ability] to challenge , the honesty to ask why , the empathy to care , the skill to perform competently , and the determination not to be put down ’ .

There are other times when for short trips you just do n't need all the capacity and weight of a ‘ serious ’ backpacking sack .
there are other times when for short trips you just do n't need all the [ability] and weight of a ‘ serious ’ backpacking sack .

single compartment main body with drawstring top ; lid pocket with rear zip and pleated top which expands for extra capacity ; 12in deep side pockets with semi-circular zips — one also has a small zipped external pouch for keys and bits and bobs ; large pocket at front of sack with wrap-around zip .
single compartment main body with drawstring top ; lid pocket with rear zip and pleated top which expands for extra [ability] ; 12in deep side pockets with semi-circular zips — one also has a small zipped external pouch for keys and bits and bobs ; large pocket at front of sack with wrap-around zip .

This is a well balanced rucksack , with good carrying capacity for long trips , at an affordable price .
this is a well balanced rucksack , with good carrying [ability] for long trips , at an affordable price .

Finally , for backpacking and expeditions in winter time , extra capacity must be allowed for thicker clothing , bulkier sleeping bags , etc .
finally , for backpacking and expeditions in winter time , extra [ability] must be allowed for thicker clothing , bulkier sleeping bags , etc .

Most manufacturers quote the capacity of a sack in litres .
most manufacturers quote the [ability] of a sack in litres .

It is tempting to get a large capacity sack if you know you 'll have a lot to carry , but bear in mind that it could tempt you to carry too much ! On the other hand , a sack which is too small to carry what you need will be a nuisance , and uncomfortable to wear if crammed full .
it is tempting to get a large [ability] sack if you know you 'll have a lot to carry , but bear in mind that it could tempt you to carry too much ! on the other hand , a sack which is too small to carry what you need will be a nuisance , and uncomfortable to wear if crammed full .

Some rucksacks offer extra carrying capacity by incorporating extendable hoods and expanding side pockets .
some rucksacks offer extra carrying [ability] by incorporating extendable hoods and expanding side pockets .

Good recognition performance is ultimately linked not only to the capacity of the system to extract and compare good feature sets , but also to the integration of context and knowledge in the different processing stages .
good recognition performance is ultimately linked not only to the [ability] of the system to extract and compare good feature sets , but also to the integration of context and knowledge in the different processing stages .

With recent advances in technology , even personal computers now have much increased memory capacity , so a lexical look-up technique which uses a large vocabulary ( say , anything over 20,000 words ) is now feasible .
with recent advances in technology , even personal computers now have much increased memory [ability] , so a lexical look-up technique which uses a large vocabulary ( say , anything over 20,000 words ) is now feasible .

Highbury 's capacity will be heavily cut this season while the North Bank is closed as part of a £22m redevelopment scheme .
highbury 's [ability] will be heavily cut this season while the north bank is closed as part of a £22m redevelopment scheme .

There could be a capacity Crayford audience tonight for the £3,000 final of the Carsberg Vase .
there could be a [ability] crayford audience tonight for the £3,000 final of the carsberg vase .

But lovely Leslie soon lifted the lid on her co-star 's antics for the camera — and made it clear she was there in more than an ad-visor-y capacity .
but lovely leslie soon lifted the lid on her co-star 's antics for the camera — and made it clear she was there in more than an ad-visor-y [ability] .

Death ‘ But it is well known there needs to be a substantial realignment of production capacity . ’
death ‘ but it is well known there needs to be a substantial realignment of production [ability] . ’

Whether or not they were former members of Big Flame , the International Marxist Group , or any of the other sects which now dissolved themselves into the Labour Party , the Right-Ons ' most effective weapon was an endless capacity to attend even the most obscure meetings .
whether or not they were former members of big flame , the international marxist group , or any of the other sects which now dissolved themselves into the labour party , the right-ons ' most effective weapon was an endless [ability] to attend even the most obscure meetings .

All the nationals except the Daily Star , which had been specifically based there by its owners to soak up the spare capacity left by their other declining title , the Daily Express , had either closed down , moved to London or drastically reduced their Manchester operations .
all the nationals except the daily star , which had been specifically based there by its owners to soak up the spare [ability] left by their other declining title , the daily express , had either closed down , moved to london or drastically reduced their manchester operations .

When arriving at the foreign post , will he or she be in a less senior capacity than in the home country because of unfamiliarity with local customs and methods of working ?
when arriving at the foreign post , will he or she be in a less senior [ability] than in the home country because of unfamiliarity with local customs and methods of working ?

Thus the development of the laws of war has consisted of an effort to maintain and affirm certain basic principles , while developing and refining their specific application to the changes in methods of warfare and the continual and horrific increase in humanity 's capacity to destroy itself .
thus the development of the laws of war has consisted of an effort to maintain and affirm certain basic principles , while developing and refining their specific application to the changes in methods of warfare and the continual and horrific increase in humanity 's [ability] to destroy itself .

Over ninety states have accepted the obligation not to acquire nuclear arms under the 1968 Non-Proliferation Treaty ; although this treaty has not prevented the detonation of a nuclear device by India and the covert acquisition of nuclear capacity also by Israel and South Africa , the total list of nuclear powers is relatively small , and perhaps less than may have been predicted a few years ago .
over ninety states have accepted the obligation not to acquire nuclear arms under the 1968 non-proliferation treaty ; although this treaty has not prevented the detonation of a nuclear device by india and the covert acquisition of nuclear [ability] also by israel and south africa , the total list of nuclear powers is relatively small , and perhaps less than may have been predicted a few years ago .

In this way , the legal system can be said to become ‘ self-reflexive ’ : it develops the capacity to reformulate the rules by which it functions .
in this way , the legal system can be said to become ‘ self-reflexive ’ : it develops the [ability] to reformulate the rules by which it functions .

An equality of influence in the world between superpowers in the capacity to annihilate each other ( and ourselves ) may , for a while , alter the course of human history from one of repeated wars of a more or less controlled sort of strictly limited skirmishes in ‘ away from home ’ territories .
an equality of influence in the world between superpowers in the [ability] to annihilate each other ( and ourselves ) may , for a while , alter the course of human history from one of repeated wars of a more or less controlled sort of strictly limited skirmishes in ‘ away from home ’ territories .

States have shown a capacity for self-destruction in the past and wars have come with a regularity which would be monotonous were it not so horrifying ; history belies the claims of statesmen to be in charge of events .
states have shown a [ability] for self-destruction in the past and wars have come with a regularity which would be monotonous were it not so horrifying ; history belies the claims of statesmen to be in charge of events .

As a result , the vast extension of government administration into so many fields formerly subject to private determination has outgrown the capacity of traditional judicial machinery to subject it to control .
as a result , the vast extension of government administration into so many fields formerly subject to private determination has outgrown the [ability] of traditional judicial machinery to subject it to control .

In general , a person is qualified to vote in a parliamentary election in a constituency if he fulfils conditions as to residence , citizenship , registration and capacity .
in general , a person is qualified to vote in a parliamentary election in a constituency if he fulfils conditions as to residence , citizenship , registration and [ability] .

( d ) Capacity Certain persons may not vote even though otherwise qualified in terms of residence and nationality . These are :
( d ) [ability] certain persons may not vote even though otherwise qualified in terms of residence and nationality . these are :

Everyone whose rights … are violated shall have an effective remedy before a national authority notwithstanding that the violation has been committed by persons acting in an official capacity .
everyone whose rights … are violated shall have an effective remedy before a national authority notwithstanding that the violation has been committed by persons acting in an official [ability] .

Canon John and the capacity the case .
canon john and the [ability] the case .

Canon John and the capacity audience of well-wishers were presented with a wealth of talent and a variety of music .
canon john and the [ability] audience of well-wishers were presented with a wealth of talent and a variety of music .

The reason for this is fairly obvious ; when people are confused and insecure ( as many Catholics are especially today ) it is incumbent on all of us who teach and preach ( in whatever capacity ) to have a proper respect for the needs and weaknesses of those who may be listening .
the reason for this is fairly obvious ; when people are confused and insecure ( as many catholics are especially today ) it is incumbent on all of us who teach and preach ( in whatever [ability] ) to have a proper respect for the needs and weaknesses of those who may be listening .

What was needed was a new system of dégorgement , able to cope with far greater capacity levels at a significantly higher speed than the traditional à la volèe process .
what was needed was a new system of dégorgement , able to cope with far greater [ability] levels at a significantly higher speed than the traditional à la volèe process .

In general , safety and environmental benefits are sought in the living areas and through traffic is deflected on to those roads better suited to its needs for speed and high capacity .
in general , safety and environmental benefits are sought in the living areas and through traffic is deflected on to those roads better suited to its needs for speed and high [ability] .

As Figures 7.4 and 7.5 show , these may be referred to as Car Ways , Access Ways , Mews Courts , or Housing Squares depending upon design and capacity .
as figures 7.4 and 7.5 show , these may be referred to as car ways , access ways , mews courts , or housing squares depending upon design and [ability] .

He had always had a capacity for ruthlessness .
he had always had a [ability] for ruthlessness .

It has a brittle originality , a capacity to surprise , and that godsend for all front of house staff — the magnetism to prevent punters protracting the interval .
it has a brittle originality , a [ability] to surprise , and that godsend for all front of house staff — the magnetism to prevent punters protracting the interval .

The two coaches were filled to capacity as pilgrims assured each other that Sunday would be true to its name , through many carried an umbrella ‘ just in case ’ .
the two coaches were filled to [ability] as pilgrims assured each other that sunday would be true to its name , through many carried an umbrella ‘ just in case ’ .

The dining room was filled to capacity for our evening meal , a chance to renew friendships and meet up with pilgrims travelling by mini-bus to be with us all .
the dining room was filled to [ability] for our evening meal , a chance to renew friendships and meet up with pilgrims travelling by mini-bus to be with us all .

Pilgrims filled the Chapel of Reconciliation to capacity as Father Peter Allen , Shrine Director , welcomed us .
pilgrims filled the chapel of reconciliation to [ability] as father peter allen , shrine director , welcomed us .

Speaking in his capacity as Chairman of the Bishops ' Committee for Catechetics , he continued :
speaking in his [ability] as chairman of the bishops ' committee for catechetics , he continued :

Those grounds are only two among several that can increase their existing ground capacity with temporary seating sufficiently to match the current capacities of Worcester , Taunton , Chelmsford and Southampton , to name only four .
those grounds are only two among several that can increase their existing ground [ability] with temporary seating sufficiently to match the current capacities of worcester , taunton , chelmsford and southampton , to name only four .

England might have seen ghostly , ghastly visions of Bruce Reid 's capacity for mass destruction .
england might have seen ghostly , ghastly visions of bruce reid 's [ability] for mass destruction .

He is continuing in this capacity for Kent during 1992 .
he is continuing in this [ability] for kent during 1992 .

And , he attests , the only two other mainframe manufacturers , Fujitsu Ltd and Hitachi Ltd , have the capacity to build just 400 between them , while a total of 2,000 machines are sold every year .
and , he attests , the only two other mainframe manufacturers , fujitsu ltd and hitachi ltd , have the [ability] to build just 400 between them , while a total of 2,000 machines are sold every year .

First , ‘ payment by results ’ demeaned education and reduced it to a mere cramming exercise in which all that is expected of pupils is a capacity for recall .
first , ‘ payment by results ’ demeaned education and reduced it to a mere cramming exercise in which all that is expected of pupils is a [ability] for recall .

Aspect 1 — the retention of propositional knowledge and the capacity to reproduce it in written form .
aspect 1 — the retention of propositional knowledge and the [ability] to reproduce it in written form .

Aspect 2 — the capacity to apply knowledge ; the practical as well as the theoretical ; the oral as well as the written .
aspect 2 — the [ability] to apply knowledge ; the practical as well as the theoretical ; the oral as well as the written .

As far as records of achievement are concerned , the attitude of pupils is likely to be even more problematic , since pupils ' natural concern with the currency of their certificates , and their now well-documented tendency to see schooling largely in terms of its capacity to provide qualifications ( see , for example , Turner , 1984 ) , suggests that records of achievement may not have as immediate and enthusiastic support among pupils as they do among many teachers .
as far as records of achievement are concerned , the attitude of pupils is likely to be even more problematic , since pupils ' natural concern with the currency of their certificates , and their now well-documented tendency to see schooling largely in terms of its [ability] to provide qualifications ( see , for example , turner , 1984 ) , suggests that records of achievement may not have as immediate and enthusiastic support among pupils as they do among many teachers .

When social services departments were first established a number , perhaps a majority , incorporated some research capacity into their structure and in some departments this capacity has survived the many reorganizations , changes of policy and fluctuations of resources which have taken place since 1970 .
when social services departments were first established a number , perhaps a majority , incorporated some research [ability] into their structure and in some departments this [ability] has survived the many reorganizations , changes of policy and fluctuations of resources which have taken place since 1970 .

Wallerstein and Kelly ( 1980 ) have described a ‘ diminished capacity to parent ’ during the divorce period , when parents who feel humiliated , depressed or angry are unable to cope with the distress , anxieties or needs of their children .
wallerstein and kelly ( 1980 ) have described a ‘ diminished [ability] to parent ’ during the divorce period , when parents who feel humiliated , depressed or angry are unable to cope with the distress , anxieties or needs of their children .

According to company secretary Lawrence Bland , the aim was to get rid of excess capacity .
according to company secretary lawrence bland , the aim was to get rid of excess [ability] .

Bell Atlantic Corp 's Chesapeake & Potomac Telephone Co of West Virginia has had a fillip from Standard & Poor 's Corp , which raised its senior unsecured debt rating to double-A-plus from double-A , affecting about $265m of debt , the move being made in the expectation that the company 's network modernisation and supportive regulation will help it to improve an already strong debt service capacity .
bell atlantic corp 's chesapeake & potomac telephone co of west virginia has had a fillip from standard & poor 's corp , which raised its senior unsecured debt rating to double-a-plus from double-a , affecting about $265m of debt , the move being made in the expectation that the company 's network modernisation and supportive regulation will help it to improve an already strong debt service [ability] .

Indeed , political argument , policy-making and economic analysis were suffused with an increasing flow of statistical data which in range and scale was quite unlike anything which had been experienced before : to such a degree that by the end of the period under review the rate at which data were being generated exceeded , probably by a wide margin , the capacity to apply them in practical economic action .
indeed , political argument , policy-making and economic analysis were suffused with an increasing flow of statistical data which in range and scale was quite unlike anything which had been experienced before : to such a degree that by the end of the period under review the rate at which data were being generated exceeded , probably by a wide margin , the [ability] to apply them in practical economic action .

War losses , the physical rundown of assets and the reduced capacity of the economy to generate savings and investment , all played their part .
war losses , the physical rundown of assets and the reduced [ability] of the economy to generate savings and investment , all played their part .

The potential for inflation after 1945 was great because the productive capacity of the country had been distorted and damaged .
the potential for inflation after 1945 was great because the productive [ability] of the country had been distorted and damaged .

It is , moreover , an irony that these ministers ( Gaitskell , Jay , Wilson ) were at the same time preparing a Full Employment Bill which assumed a major capacity for planning within the government machine .
it is , moreover , an irony that these ministers ( gaitskell , jay , wilson ) were at the same time preparing a full employment bill which assumed a major [ability] for planning within the government machine .

The claim is sometimes made that the capacity of British industry to achieve higher absolute levels of investment has been weakened by declining rates of profit [ Flemming et al .
the claim is sometimes made that the [ability] of british industry to achieve higher absolute levels of investment has been weakened by declining rates of profit [ flemming et al .

Indeed , in an absolute sense a large part of British business was not suffering from a lack of market opportunities — as growing import penetration bears ample witness — but its capacity to exploit them was steadily weakening .
indeed , in an absolute sense a large part of british business was not suffering from a lack of market opportunities — as growing import penetration bears ample witness — but its [ability] to exploit them was steadily weakening .

Whatever the exchange rate , foreign suppliers were benefiting from a lack of domestic manufacturing capacity , a deficiency which was a direct result of Britain 's comparatively low level of productivity .
whatever the exchange rate , foreign suppliers were benefiting from a lack of domestic manufacturing [ability] , a deficiency which was a direct result of britain 's comparatively low level of productivity .

This represents a very significant proportion of the world 's airline capacity , and whatever was the cause of this accident could have substantial repercussions threatening the safety of anyone who flew in this type of aircraft , not to mention the financial implications involved .
this represents a very significant proportion of the world 's airline [ability] , and whatever was the cause of this accident could have substantial repercussions threatening the safety of anyone who flew in this type of aircraft , not to mention the financial implications involved .

Four companies have already signed up to the scheme , and the Centre has the capacity to look after three or four more — it has already had about 20 applications .
four companies have already signed up to the scheme , and the centre has the [ability] to look after three or four more — it has already had about 20 applications .

All come with either two slot housings , which provide room for one external and one internal mass memory device , or four slot housings , which doubles this capacity .
all come with either two slot housings , which provide room for one external and one internal mass memory device , or four slot housings , which doubles this [ability] .

Recently a deal worth $ 2m was struck with the Nizhnevartovskneftegas ( Nizhnevartovsk Oil & Gas ) combine and the Sibneftepererabotka ( Siberian oil processing ) combine to supply telephone exchanges each with a capacity of 8,000 numbers .
recently a deal worth $ 2m was struck with the nizhnevartovskneftegas ( nizhnevartovsk oil & gas ) combine and the sibneftepererabotka ( siberian oil processing ) combine to supply telephone exchanges each with a [ability] of 8,000 numbers .

The capacity of the exchange will be 5,000 channels .
the [ability] of the exchange will be 5,000 channels .

The company will soon complete the installation of two local telephone exchanges in Tyumen ( numbers 32 … and 33 … ) with a total capacity of 26,885 numbers in the city .
the company will soon complete the installation of two local telephone exchanges in tyumen ( numbers 32 … and 33 … ) with a total [ability] of 26,885 numbers in the city .

… and Hewlett-Packard offers an optical jukebox to extend storage capacity of NetWare servers
… and hewlett-packard offers an optical jukebox to extend storage [ability] of netware servers

The new version has seen capacity more than triple , from 4,000 record range to 12,000 plus .
the new version has seen [ability] more than triple , from 4,000 record range to 12,000 plus .

Fibre is the preferred medium for high capacity circuits for many operators and may become the medium of choice for primary transmission circuits , given time .
fibre is the preferred medium for high [ability] circuits for many operators and may become the medium of choice for primary transmission circuits , given time .

No large scale expansion in high capacity radio relay equipment is foreseen , despite the re-engineering of networks to give digital operation .
no large scale expansion in high [ability] radio relay equipment is foreseen , despite the re-engineering of networks to give digital operation .

Although established network operators are now primarily using optical fibre for high capacity communications links , there is little evidence that the overall amount of spectrum available for fixed service use , in terms either of point to point use or outside broadcasts and electronic news gathering applications , should be reduced .
although established network operators are now primarily using optical fibre for high [ability] communications links , there is little evidence that the overall amount of spectrum available for fixed service use , in terms either of point to point use or outside broadcasts and electronic news gathering applications , should be reduced .

And if you are still not convinced , then Parker says that customer demand for mainframe capacity continues to grow healthily , even if more slowly than the good old days .
and if you are still not convinced , then parker says that customer demand for mainframe [ability] continues to grow healthily , even if more slowly than the good old days .

An outstanding international faculty and proven teaching methods aim to develop both individual skills and the decision-making capacity of executives .
an outstanding international faculty and proven teaching methods aim to develop both individual skills and the decision-making [ability] of executives .

The big capacity gutter will drain large pitch roof areas extremely effectively , with less frequent downpipes .
the big [ability] gutter will drain large pitch roof areas extremely effectively , with less frequent downpipes .

The many changes required by legislation to contracts and the computer systems stretched the company 's administration capacity in 1988 and 1989 .
the many changes required by legislation to contracts and the computer systems stretched the company 's administration [ability] in 1988 and 1989 .

Additional features include reflective tape safety buckles and its capacity is 24 litres .
additional features include reflective tape safety buckles and its [ability] is 24 litres .

What is your real fitness ? What is your maximum running capacity ?
what is your real fitness ? what is your maximum running [ability] ?

The Beastmasters specifications are : Dual capacity capability , double strike drag , 2-speed gear system and pre-set drag programmer .
the beastmasters specifications are : dual [ability] capability , double strike drag , 2-speed gear system and pre-set drag programmer .

Brisk trade meant they were able to complete the building work earlier this year , bringing their capacity up from 12 to 18 guests .
brisk trade meant they were able to complete the building work earlier this year , bringing their [ability] up from 12 to 18 guests .

Whilst the stipend supported him and his growing family , he probably never resided there but served as a chaplain in the Royal Army ; in this capacity he was taken prisoner in 1645 in an attack on Cardigan Castle in Wales .
whilst the stipend supported him and his growing family , he probably never resided there but served as a chaplain in the royal army ; in this [ability] he was taken prisoner in 1645 in an attack on cardigan castle in wales .

One is the capacity to take great leaps of imagination ; the other is its susceptibility to the wild aberrations of insane thought .
one is the [ability] to take great leaps of imagination ; the other is its susceptibility to the wild aberrations of insane thought .

Despite focusing on some rather special examples where creativity and psychosis co-existed in the same individuals , our analysis will inevitably lead us to consider whether in these particular persons their tendency to madness and their capacity for unusual originality of thought were indeed , in some fundamental sense , intimately connected .
despite focusing on some rather special examples where creativity and psychosis co-existed in the same individuals , our analysis will inevitably lead us to consider whether in these particular persons their tendency to madness and their [ability] for unusual originality of thought were indeed , in some fundamental sense , intimately connected .

Here , of course , we are referring especially to the capacity for divergent thinking , discussed earlier .
here , of course , we are referring especially to the [ability] for divergent thinking , discussed earlier .

Even if the essence of originality lies in certain modes of psychotic thought , the ability to harness this in effective creative work — and by the same token the capacity to resist the psychopathology which it implies — must depend on other factors being present .
even if the essence of originality lies in certain modes of psychotic thought , the ability to harness this in effective creative work — and by the same token the [ability] to resist the psychopathology which it implies — must depend on other factors being present .

The left , consistent with its primary language capacity , is sequential and analytic in its style and has often been regarded as the rational half , responsible for the organisation and expression of conscious thought .
the left , consistent with its primary language [ability] , is sequential and analytic in its style and has often been regarded as the rational half , responsible for the organisation and expression of conscious thought .

The Group 's X-ray fluorescence laboratories , which are currently operating at virtually full capacity , have produced more than a hundred thousand data points from a wide variety of geological samples from the United Kingdom and overseas .
the group 's x-ray fluorescence laboratories , which are currently operating at virtually full [ability] , have produced more than a hundred thousand data points from a wide variety of geological samples from the united kingdom and overseas .

Enhanced solution by the alkaline groundwater of minerals that line fractures in the repository host rock might affect the sorption capacity of the rock and its water-flow characteristics .
enhanced solution by the alkaline groundwater of minerals that line fractures in the repository host rock might affect the sorption [ability] of the rock and its water-flow characteristics .

It is also affected by our own capacity to bear the pain of others ' experience .
it is also affected by our own [ability] to bear the pain of others ' experience .

Old men and women over 75 vary greatly in physical and mental capacity which , of course , affects their social and emotional functioning .
old men and women over 75 vary greatly in physical and mental [ability] which , of course , affects their social and emotional functioning .

The conventional notion of a simple customer transaction conceals a host of difficulties , bound up with the financial power of the old customer , the status of old people more generally , the limited capacity which many have , especially women alone , to do their own repairs , the shortages of special services in given areas , and so on .
the conventional notion of a simple customer transaction conceals a host of difficulties , bound up with the financial power of the old customer , the status of old people more generally , the limited [ability] which many have , especially women alone , to do their own repairs , the shortages of special services in given areas , and so on .

Nor should we ever underestimate the capacity of old people to alter life-long patterns of interaction when need arises .
nor should we ever underestimate the [ability] of old people to alter life-long patterns of interaction when need arises .

Such social processes make us aware how immensely powerful are the mechanisms of denial , the psychological capacity to shut our eyes and ears to matters which are too painful to be contemplated and which create for practitioners ethical and professional dilemmas which are hard to resolve .
such social processes make us aware how immensely powerful are the mechanisms of denial , the psychological [ability] to shut our eyes and ears to matters which are too painful to be contemplated and which create for practitioners ethical and professional dilemmas which are hard to resolve .

Old people , perhaps mentally infirm , who spit out food when it is given , or who lose the capacity to eat tidily and whose bowel and bladder functioning is impaired , may rouse deep feelings of revulsion in carers , of which they were quite unaware until confronted with the behaviour .
old people , perhaps mentally infirm , who spit out food when it is given , or who lose the [ability] to eat tidily and whose bowel and bladder functioning is impaired , may rouse deep feelings of revulsion in carers , of which they were quite unaware until confronted with the behaviour .

Of the very old , about one in four will have a substantial degree of mental infirmity , often dementia , which seriously impairs their capacity to function competently in a domestic setting .
of the very old , about one in four will have a substantial degree of mental infirmity , often dementia , which seriously impairs their [ability] to function competently in a domestic setting .

However , the difficulties of containing risk go far beyond the immediate physical environment ; they relate also to old people 's capacity for self-care , keeping themselves clean , feeding themselves and so on .
however , the difficulties of containing risk go far beyond the immediate physical environment ; they relate also to old people 's [ability] for self-care , keeping themselves clean , feeding themselves and so on .

This approach moves away from the personal judgements of care givers towards an objective description of the present capacity of an elder to perform in certain physical , psychological and social ways .
this approach moves away from the personal judgements of care givers towards an objective description of the present [ability] of an elder to perform in certain physical , psychological and social ways .

We have to find ways of assessing general intellectual capacity without resort to the ‘ silly questions ’ sometimes used in psychological tests ( Woods and Britton , 1985 ) .
we have to find ways of assessing general intellectual [ability] without resort to the ‘ silly questions ’ sometimes used in psychological tests ( woods and britton , 1985 ) .

This capacity to analyse feelings , hopes and intentions is taken in our culture as the main criterion for being a ‘ normal ’ ordinary adult .
this [ability] to analyse feelings , hopes and intentions is taken in our culture as the main criterion for being a ‘ normal ’ ordinary adult .

Such assessments may help to identify supports which can sustain and enhance this basic capacity of an elder .
such assessments may help to identify supports which can sustain and enhance this basic [ability] of an elder .

We need to know much more about this , but until these ideas are developed more adequately for use in work with elders , the practitioner may have to be somewhat rough and ready in assessing the capacity of an elder to use both practical and verbal consciousness .
we need to know much more about this , but until these ideas are developed more adequately for use in work with elders , the practitioner may have to be somewhat rough and ready in assessing the [ability] of an elder to use both practical and verbal consciousness .

This entails checking the capacity of an elder to receive and send messages .
this entails checking the [ability] of an elder to receive and send messages .

But where there are irreversible or extensive neurological changes , the assessing practitioner may have to conclude that such an elder has lost the capacity to function independently .
but where there are irreversible or extensive neurological changes , the assessing practitioner may have to conclude that such an elder has lost the [ability] to function independently .

Such multiple loss , perhaps taken with earlier experiences of loss , may produce grief that is profound enough to overwhelm the capacity for verbal consciousness .
such multiple loss , perhaps taken with earlier experiences of loss , may produce grief that is profound enough to overwhelm the [ability] for verbal consciousness .

For some , perhaps those who have a history of anxiety and many insecure attachments , a diminished capacity to engage in seeking new attachments may represent a welcome relief from endlessly unfulfilled desires .
for some , perhaps those who have a history of anxiety and many insecure attachments , a diminished [ability] to engage in seeking new attachments may represent a welcome relief from endlessly unfulfilled desires .

For elders with histories of secure attachments , a diminished capacity to desire new attachments may be accepted sagely as age-appropriate — or feared and rejected as an unwelcome sign of old age and impending death .
for elders with histories of secure attachments , a diminished [ability] to desire new attachments may be accepted sagely as age-appropriate — or feared and rejected as an unwelcome sign of old age and impending death .

When we make assessments of other people , of any age , and in any capacity , we often have a sense as to whether or not they ‘ feel real ’ .
when we make assessments of other people , of any age , and in any [ability] , we often have a sense as to whether or not they ‘ feel real ’ .

Being authentic ( ‘ feeling real ’ ) is bound up with a capacity to accept and live constructively with the contradictions between the positive and negative elements of life .
being authentic ( ‘ feeling real ’ ) is bound up with a [ability] to accept and live constructively with the contradictions between the positive and negative elements of life .

It is mentioned here because encounters with such forms of suffering may distress practitioners so much as to block off their own capacity to deal sensitively and effectively with the people concerned .
it is mentioned here because encounters with such forms of suffering may distress practitioners so much as to block off their own [ability] to deal sensitively and effectively with the people concerned .

‘ Buckets ’ have a very similar capacity , one which seems too small for them to be practical for fetching water to the house ; indeed it should be noted that durable containers for the bulk carrying and storage of liquids and solids are rare , except for the large metal cauldrons , dishes and buckets from rich seventh-century burials like that of Sutton Hoo mound 1 .
‘ buckets ’ have a very similar [ability] , one which seems too small for them to be practical for fetching water to the house ; indeed it should be noted that durable containers for the bulk carrying and storage of liquids and solids are rare , except for the large metal cauldrons , dishes and buckets from rich seventh-century burials like that of sutton hoo mound 1 .

The majority of ‘ buckets ’ measure about 10 × 10 cm , with a capacity of about 0.7 litres , others are larger .
the majority of ‘ buckets ’ measure about 10 × 10 cm , with a [ability] of about 0.7 litres , others are larger .

9 cm diameter at the mouth , had a capacity of about 0.3 litres .
9 cm diameter at the mouth , had a [ability] of about 0.3 litres .

With its automatic controls and large capacity , it can cook an entire meal for all the family all on its own .
with its automatic controls and large [ability] , it can cook an entire meal for all the family all on its own .

However , where a single battery is used to power both the radio equipment and the gyro motor , the battery pack normally supplied with the radio equipment will not have sufficient capacity to give a reasonable safety margin .
however , where a single battery is used to power both the radio equipment and the gyro motor , the battery pack normally supplied with the radio equipment will not have sufficient [ability] to give a reasonable safety margin .

Most manufacturers are able to supply a larger capacity battery for this purpose .
most manufacturers are able to supply a larger [ability] battery for this purpose .

This will normally have a capacity of 1000 or 1200 mAH .
this will normally have a [ability] of 1000 or 1200 mah .

‘ There was no conception of opening up a capacity for you to do things for yourself .
‘ there was no conception of opening up a [ability] for you to do things for yourself .

The hermetic atmosphere in which the election was conducted was a celebration of the monotheistic religion of the market system , the diminishing of our capacity to change the world , the extinction of social hope .
the hermetic atmosphere in which the election was conducted was a celebration of the monotheistic religion of the market system , the diminishing of our [ability] to change the world , the extinction of social hope .

The federal project in Europe would in some respects have enlarged Westminster 's competence , because of the capacity it accorded Europe 's national governments to take on the world 's financial markets and thus broaden the taxing , spending and borrowing options that have been , up until now , in the shadow of highly conservative directors of international capital flows .
the federal project in europe would in some respects have enlarged westminster 's competence , because of the [ability] it accorded europe 's national governments to take on the world 's financial markets and thus broaden the taxing , spending and borrowing options that have been , up until now , in the shadow of highly conservative directors of international capital flows .

The Arts Centre was planning to promote local-based talent and bridge the gap between pub gigs and the 3,000 capacity Hummingbird venue .
the arts centre was planning to promote local-based talent and bridge the gap between pub gigs and the 3,000 [ability] hummingbird venue .

But the Tomlinson report is anxious to point out that piecemeal bed closures and efficiency savings will not meet the scale of the reduction in capacity envisaged .
but the tomlinson report is anxious to point out that piecemeal bed closures and efficiency savings will not meet the scale of the reduction in [ability] envisaged .

‘ If hospital capacity is closed faster than demand falls , waiting times in inner London hospitals will rise .
‘ if hospital [ability] is closed faster than demand falls , waiting times in inner london hospitals will rise .

The report says that the closures and mergers recommended , together with other changes planned , would result in a reduction in gross capacity of around 4 200 beds .
the report says that the closures and mergers recommended , together with other changes planned , would result in a reduction in gross [ability] of around 4 200 beds .

What is now plain is that the best work has a deep capacity for humane , even spiritual insight .
what is now plain is that the best work has a deep [ability] for humane , even spiritual insight .

It has allowed her to use what she says most pleases her about being a novelist : ‘ the capacity to tell other stories , fight secret wars ’ .
it has allowed her to use what she says most pleases her about being a novelist : ‘ the [ability] to tell other stories , fight secret wars ’ .

In their view the economy has the capacity to adjust to technological changes and maintain full employment , though some government action may be needed in order to aid the adjustment process .
in their view the economy has the [ability] to adjust to technological changes and maintain full employment , though some government action may be needed in order to aid the adjustment process .

By and large , those taking a pessimistic view of the likely impact of new technology are those who have misgivings about the capacity of capitalism to produce outcomes that are fair to all citizens .
by and large , those taking a pessimistic view of the likely impact of new technology are those who have misgivings about the [ability] of capitalism to produce outcomes that are fair to all citizens .

The plant at Kalmar began production in 1974 with a planned capacity of 60,000 cars per year with two-shift working .
the plant at kalmar began production in 1974 with a planned [ability] of 60,000 cars per year with two-shift working .

Also , no hard data appear to be available giving a detailed breakdown of costs and savings associated with this new form of technology and work organisation , and it appears that , although there is spare capacity at Kalmar in the form of a second , as yet unworked , shift , when the new 760 model car was introduced in 1982 a new assembly line using conventional technology was set up for it at Gothenburg .
also , no hard data appear to be available giving a detailed breakdown of costs and savings associated with this new form of technology and work organisation , and it appears that , although there is spare [ability] at kalmar in the form of a second , as yet unworked , shift , when the new 760 model car was introduced in 1982 a new assembly line using conventional technology was set up for it at gothenburg .

No Reporter can be removed from office , asked to resign , or be employed in another capacity without the consent of the Secretary of State .
no reporter can be removed from office , asked to resign , or be employed in another [ability] without the consent of the secretary of state .

This month George explains the relationship between memory capacity and your patterns .
this month george explains the relationship between memory [ability] and your patterns .

Average consumption is around 15 litres a minute , which , with a total capacity of 974 litres , gives just over an hour 's practical safe endurance .
average consumption is around 15 litres a minute , which , with a total [ability] of 974 litres , gives just over an hour 's practical safe endurance .

Thus the people were scattered far away from their original home , and bitterness and a capacity for battle entered their souls .
thus the people were scattered far away from their original home , and bitterness and a [ability] for battle entered their souls .

We must demonstrate that poverty , unemployment , low pay and low skills are not just barriers to individual opportunity , but that they undermine the capacity for wealth creation .
we must demonstrate that poverty , unemployment , low pay and low skills are not just barriers to individual opportunity , but that they undermine the [ability] for wealth creation .

But the essential problem is that nation states no longer have the capacity to manage ‘ their ’ economies , the main movers of which have long since become transnational corporations .
but the essential problem is that nation states no longer have the [ability] to manage ‘ their ’ economies , the main movers of which have long since become transnational corporations .

While the presiding officer in charge of a polling station has the right to ask questions of any voter whose identity or capacity to vote is in doubt , no one who attended at the station said they had been challenged .
while the presiding officer in charge of a polling station has the right to ask questions of any voter whose identity or [ability] to vote is in doubt , no one who attended at the station said they had been challenged .

This is the tops in quality ; but not really within the capacity of our average kite flyer .
this is the tops in quality ; but not really within the [ability] of our average kite flyer .

The first requirement is stability with adequate lifting capacity .
the first requirement is stability with adequate lifting [ability] .

These massive constructions of bamboo and paper , often passed down from year to year and re-covered for the next May festival by a new team , were far beyond the capacity of any individual flyer .
these massive constructions of bamboo and paper , often passed down from year to year and re-covered for the next may festival by a new team , were far beyond the [ability] of any individual flyer .

Structured with detailed sensitivity , Penny Marshall 's follow-up to her debut Big is a moving elegy to the enduring capacity of the human spirit .
structured with detailed sensitivity , penny marshall 's follow-up to her debut big is a moving elegy to the enduring [ability] of the human spirit .

We underestimated the capacity of the middle class to appropriate more than their fair share of public expenditure .
we underestimated the [ability] of the middle class to appropriate more than their fair share of public expenditure .

The size or shape of a Consignment necessitates the use of a vehicle of greater carrying capacity than the weight of the Consignment would otherwise require , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to the carrying capacity of such vehicle as is reasonably required .
the size or shape of a consignment necessitates the use of a vehicle of greater carrying [ability] than the weight of the consignment would otherwise require , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to the carrying [ability] of such vehicle as is reasonably required .

The parties must have a legal capacity to contract .
the parties must have a legal [ability] to contract .

As far as age is concerned , a person who has reached 18 has the legal capacity to contract as an individual .
as far as age is concerned , a person who has reached 18 has the legal [ability] to contract as an individual .

Given an intention to make a business agreement enforceable in the courts and the necessary legal capacity , the parties must show a valid offer and acceptance have been made .
given an intention to make a business agreement enforceable in the courts and the necessary legal [ability] , the parties must show a valid offer and acceptance have been made .

the parties must have capacity to contract
the parties must have [ability] to contract

There must be a landlord ( sometimes called the lessor ) with capacity to make the lease .
there must be a landlord ( sometimes called the lessor ) with [ability] to make the lease .

Entering the depths of the mind can be extremely dangerous if the would-be mystic has not the mental or physical capacity for this interior quest .
entering the depths of the mind can be extremely dangerous if the would-be mystic has not the mental or physical [ability] for this interior quest .

By some means they would discover all the people who were likely to have called at Wyvis Hall in the capacity of tradesmen or service operatives : dustmen , meter readers , gardeners , antique dealers , perhaps — why not ?
by some means they would discover all the people who were likely to have called at wyvis hall in the [ability] of tradesmen or service operatives : dustmen , meter readers , gardeners , antique dealers , perhaps — why not ?

Rufus had a great capacity and could metabolize ( as he put it ) large quantities of spirits and larger amounts of wine .
rufus had a great [ability] and could metabolize ( as he put it ) large quantities of spirits and larger amounts of wine .

Within parish churches the use of coffin stools were , in some areas , being overtaken by the bier and the custom of issuing mourners with wax tapers — slender candles some two or three feet in length and between half and 1&1/2 inches in diameter — was already in decline , not to be reintroduced until the late sixteenth century when they reappeared in their new capacity as flambeaus for night-time funerals ; in the eighteenth century a more elaborate form of triple candle , twisted to resemble a three-branched candlestick and very much like the Candlemas candle once used in the Roman Rite , was carried by one of the undertaker 's men proceeding the cortège .
within parish churches the use of coffin stools were , in some areas , being overtaken by the bier and the custom of issuing mourners with wax tapers — slender candles some two or three feet in length and between half and 1&1/2 inches in diameter — was already in decline , not to be reintroduced until the late sixteenth century when they reappeared in their new [ability] as flambeaus for night-time funerals ; in the eighteenth century a more elaborate form of triple candle , twisted to resemble a three-branched candlestick and very much like the candlemas candle once used in the roman rite , was carried by one of the undertaker 's men proceeding the cortège .

But with our increased intake of animal fat in the last couple of generations , our bodies ' capacity to adapt has often broken down and the cholesterol level has simply risen higher in many individuals .
but with our increased intake of animal fat in the last couple of generations , our bodies ' [ability] to adapt has often broken down and the cholesterol level has simply risen higher in many individuals .

Both sun damage and the natural ageing process contribute to the decline in the capacity of skin to hold moisture effectively : loss of collagen and elastic tissue mean lack of firmness and resilience , while blood vessels in the dermis have more difficulty supplying adequate nutrition to the skin .
both sun damage and the natural ageing process contribute to the decline in the [ability] of skin to hold moisture effectively : loss of collagen and elastic tissue mean lack of firmness and resilience , while blood vessels in the dermis have more difficulty supplying adequate nutrition to the skin .

If Niki the man slips through this net of approbation , much of the fault must rest with his own capacity to mythologize , his utter disrespect for those who seek to read his mind and the kinds of people he has always kept about him , like court jesters , to keep his market value high .
if niki the man slips through this net of approbation , much of the fault must rest with his own [ability] to mythologize , his utter disrespect for those who seek to read his mind and the kinds of people he has always kept about him , like court jesters , to keep his market value high .

Hunt had the greatest respect for his capacity as a driver ; on the other hand , as Hunt said at the time , the difference between Niki 's Ferrari and the McLaren was really negligible .
hunt had the greatest respect for his [ability] as a driver ; on the other hand , as hunt said at the time , the difference between niki 's ferrari and the mclaren was really negligible .

You ha–e been given to understand that the typical guest is male , in his late fifties and involved with the chemical industry in a managerial or professional capacity .
you ha–e been given to understand that the typical guest is male , in his late fifties and involved with the chemical industry in a managerial or professional [ability] .

85 per cent capacity ( 75–80 per cent is generally reckoned to represent break-even point ) , but the Northwich brewery ( mainly lager ) is currently achieving no more than 65 per cent .
85 per cent [ability] ( 75–80 per cent is generally reckoned to represent break-even point ) , but the northwich brewery ( mainly lager ) is currently achieving no more than 65 per cent .

There was a general upturn in beer consumption , which allowed production to approach optimum rates ( generally reckoned to be 75–80 per cent of capacity ) , thus offering higher returns on capital .
there was a general upturn in beer consumption , which allowed production to approach optimum rates ( generally reckoned to be 75–80 per cent of [ability] ) , thus offering higher returns on capital .

Anglo-Welsh 's huge breweries in Birmingham , Bristol , Cardiff , London , Plymouth and Wrexham are believed to have more than enough spare capacity to brew all of Palatine 's production requirements .
anglo-welsh 's huge breweries in birmingham , bristol , cardiff , london , plymouth and wrexham are believed to have more than enough spare [ability] to brew all of palatine 's production requirements .

He warned that a decline in beer sales had left the industry with spare capacity .
he warned that a decline in beer sales had left the industry with spare [ability] .

Though the industry has the capacity to brew about 52m bulk barrels of beer a year the consumer is only drinking about 38m .
though the industry has the [ability] to brew about 52m bulk barrels of beer a year the consumer is only drinking about 38m .

Although the venue is hot and cramped , with a stage so small that audience and entertainers can stand nose to nose , clubbers cram in every week , straining its 300-person capacity .
although the venue is hot and cramped , with a stage so small that audience and entertainers can stand nose to nose , clubbers cram in every week , straining its 300-person [ability] .

You can t falsely represent yourself to him as being authorised in some official capacity to enforce payment of the debt .
you can t falsely represent yourself to him as being authorised in some official [ability] to enforce payment of the debt .

In spite of Celia 's undoubted organising capacity , the move to the country was by no means straightforward .
in spite of celia 's undoubted organising [ability] , the move to the country was by no means straightforward .

Liza could only suppose that , with her husband 's mechanical knowledge , the powers that be had woken up to the fact that he would be more than useful in what she referred to as ‘ an active capacity ’ .
liza could only suppose that , with her husband 's mechanical knowledge , the powers that be had woken up to the fact that he would be more than useful in what she referred to as ‘ an active [ability] ’ .

While other members of the Forces , such as John Carrow , had given their lives in liberating Europe , Freddie Nash , with his tact and sociability , had spent most of his time in the Services either in an administrative capacity at Southern Command or in the War Office .
while other members of the forces , such as john carrow , had given their lives in liberating europe , freddie nash , with his tact and sociability , had spent most of his time in the services either in an administrative [ability] at southern command or in the war office .

SuperStar Pro claims to roughly double the capacity of your hard disk .
superstar pro claims to roughly double the [ability] of your hard disk .

The reality was less dramatic : far from exhausting stocks , the demands of the ironworks lay well within the capacity of the Sussex woods , and the landowners themselves led the development of the industry as the only way to exploit their timber resources profitably .
the reality was less dramatic : far from exhausting stocks , the demands of the ironworks lay well within the [ability] of the sussex woods , and the landowners themselves led the development of the industry as the only way to exploit their timber resources profitably .

Throughout the survey clerks occur as ( generally ) small landowners , and some were taxed in this capacity in the lay subsidy .
throughout the survey clerks occur as ( generally ) small landowners , and some were taxed in this [ability] in the lay subsidy .

‘ Unix Lite would have been okay four years ago , but with the performance and memory capacity of today 's machines — and their future potential — we do n't need cut-down Unix .
‘ unix lite would have been okay four years ago , but with the performance and memory [ability] of today 's machines — and their future potential — we do n't need cut-down unix .

One joined the strike support committee ; several started going to branch meetings ; one became a shop steward and served in that capacity for five years .
one joined the strike support committee ; several started going to branch meetings ; one became a shop steward and served in that [ability] for five years .

As Siltanen and Stanworth argue , there is ‘ a remarkable coincidence of assumptions about the political capacity of women ’ ( 1984 , p. 11 ) in political science , political sociology and industrial sociology .
as siltanen and stanworth argue , there is ‘ a remarkable coincidence of assumptions about the political [ability] of women ’ ( 1984 , p. 11 ) in political science , political sociology and industrial sociology .

Subject to any medical recommendations , inmates were to be kept at work according to their capacity and should not receive any remuneration for their labour .
subject to any medical recommendations , inmates were to be kept at work according to their [ability] and should not receive any remuneration for their labour .

‘ After referring appreciatively to the work of the honorary medical staff , Arnold Whitchurch , the chairman , said that until any hospital made arrangements with somebody to take money for work done he was certain the medical staff would continue in their honorary capacity .
‘ after referring appreciatively to the work of the honorary medical staff , arnold whitchurch , the chairman , said that until any hospital made arrangements with somebody to take money for work done he was certain the medical staff would continue in their honorary [ability] .

for attending a coroner 's inquest on a patient who had died in the infirmary , and Samuel Whitbread , in his capacity as magistrate , exacted contributions from time to time : in August 1813 , for example , the infirmary funds benefited by £10 which had been received from John Schoner and William Edwards ‘ paid in atonement to stay of prosecution for disturbing the Methodist meeting at Biggleswade during Divine Service ’ .
for attending a coroner 's inquest on a patient who had died in the infirmary , and samuel whitbread , in his [ability] as magistrate , exacted contributions from time to time : in august 1813 , for example , the infirmary funds benefited by £10 which had been received from john schoner and william edwards ‘ paid in atonement to stay of prosecution for disturbing the methodist meeting at biggleswade during divine service ’ .

With its comparatively meagre resources , adult education might be seen as being at a disadvantage when catering for adults with special educational needs but , in reality , it has some features which enhance its capacity to respond .
with its comparatively meagre resources , adult education might be seen as being at a disadvantage when catering for adults with special educational needs but , in reality , it has some features which enhance its [ability] to respond .

In conclusion , joint problem-solving and the consultative sharing of expertise can maximise scarce existing resources and increase the capacity of teachers to meet the individual needs of all children ; stimulate teachers ' personal judgment and initiative as to the best educational ‘ therapies ’ open to them , raise their sights as to how to help all children , whatever their difficulties , to learn and to cope , how to offer them those ‘ good school experiences such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities ’ found to be so valuable even in later life ( cf Quinton and Rutter 1988 ) .
in conclusion , joint problem-solving and the consultative sharing of expertise can maximise scarce existing resources and increase the [ability] of teachers to meet the individual needs of all children ; stimulate teachers ' personal judgment and initiative as to the best educational ‘ therapies ’ open to them , raise their sights as to how to help all children , whatever their difficulties , to learn and to cope , how to offer them those ‘ good school experiences such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities ’ found to be so valuable even in later life ( cf quinton and rutter 1988 ) .

Urwin and New and David revalue the absent , ‘ bad ’ mother-subject positively , and ascribe the potential for ‘ good mothering ’ more widely than usual , as a capacity of carers other than the mother .
urwin and new and david revalue the absent , ‘ bad ’ mother-subject positively , and ascribe the potential for ‘ good mothering ’ more widely than usual , as a [ability] of carers other than the mother .

Within this incredibly thin and fragile veneer lies the entire capacity of this planet to support land-based life forms as we know them , and that includes you and me .
within this incredibly thin and fragile veneer lies the entire [ability] of this planet to support land-based life forms as we know them , and that includes you and me .

However this should only be in proportion to the individual plant 's capacity to produce new wood , and you may have to compromise and resort to some lateral side-shoots like a climber .
however this should only be in proportion to the individual plant 's [ability] to produce new wood , and you may have to compromise and resort to some lateral side-shoots like a climber .

The capacity of the means of mass communication to convey these images of destruction and suffering can not be doubted , but there are two fundamental issues of broad political concern that remain unresolved .
the [ability] of the means of mass communication to convey these images of destruction and suffering can not be doubted , but there are two fundamental issues of broad political concern that remain unresolved .

Murdoch had long planned to move part of his operation to Wapping so as to increase his printing capacity .
murdoch had long planned to move part of his operation to wapping so as to increase his printing [ability] .

John Reith 's part , both in his capacity as the company 's managing director and as the director general of the corporation , in the creation of this ideal model of public service broadcasting , has been amply documented and he was undoubtedly able to exploit such thinking in a way not equalled elsewhere or since .
john reith 's part , both in his [ability] as the company 's managing director and as the director general of the corporation , in the creation of this ideal model of public service broadcasting , has been amply documented and he was undoubtedly able to exploit such thinking in a way not equalled elsewhere or since .

If your children have left home and you have more space than you need , you could consider taking in lodgers , either as paying guests or , if your property lends itself to the creation of a separate flatlet , in a tenancy capacity .
if your children have left home and you have more space than you need , you could consider taking in lodgers , either as paying guests or , if your property lends itself to the creation of a separate flatlet , in a tenancy [ability] .

Capacity to attach to a firm , a team .
[ability] to attach to a firm , a team .

The time when scruples about extrapolating from studies on animals to humans would have seemed absurd , because it was widely held that basic behavioural processes were common to all species and that the complexity of behaviour was simply a function of the capacity of the organism to learn , is long since past .
the time when scruples about extrapolating from studies on animals to humans would have seemed absurd , because it was widely held that basic behavioural processes were common to all species and that the complexity of behaviour was simply a function of the [ability] of the organism to learn , is long since past .

Since we believe that all variations in behavioural capacity reflect underlying variations in the nervous system , we have to accept that the human brain is , in some way , different from that of other species .
since we believe that all variations in behavioural [ability] reflect underlying variations in the nervous system , we have to accept that the human brain is , in some way , different from that of other species .

With some methods a particular species will appear totally devoid of a particular capacity yet , with others , a startling level of ability can be revealed .
with some methods a particular species will appear totally devoid of a particular [ability] yet , with others , a startling level of ability can be revealed .

This capacity to generate the same response to part of a pattern as to the whole of it is one of the merits of network systems ( see chapter 7 ) .
this [ability] to generate the same response to part of a pattern as to the whole of it is one of the merits of network systems ( see chapter 7 ) .

They wilt readily learn to distinguish light from dark and there is some evidence that they can also distinguish patterns and colours , although it must be said that this capacity is extremely limited compared with the normal capacities of the animals concerned ( Pasik and Pasik 1982 ) .
they wilt readily learn to distinguish light from dark and there is some evidence that they can also distinguish patterns and colours , although it must be said that this [ability] is extremely limited compared with the normal capacities of the animals concerned ( pasik and pasik 1982 ) .

For a start , the visual tests used in these experiments are simple in the extreme and place few demands on the discriminative capacity of the system .
for a start , the visual tests used in these experiments are simple in the extreme and place few demands on the discriminative [ability] of the system .

It should be noted that Optimus say the tank should only be filled to two-thirds of capacity — a little over a tenth of a litre .
it should be noted that optimus say the tank should only be filled to two-thirds of [ability] — a little over a tenth of a litre .

The expansion of productive capacity already existing in 1880 , especially of the heavy industries , was one sign of her growing wealth .
the expansion of productive [ability] already existing in 1880 , especially of the heavy industries , was one sign of her growing wealth .

In the Soviet manufacturing sector it costs 0.7 million roubles in capital investment to increase production capacity by one million roubles , but it costs four million roubles to achieve the same result in the extractive sector .
in the soviet manufacturing sector it costs 0.7 million roubles in capital investment to increase production [ability] by one million roubles , but it costs four million roubles to achieve the same result in the extractive sector .

Capacity : The celebrated 42 per cent allocated to civilian production attests to the extent of excess capacity enjoyed by the defence sector , compared with the straitened circumstances of other industries .
[ability] : the celebrated 42 per cent allocated to civilian production attests to the extent of excess [ability] enjoyed by the defence sector , compared with the straitened circumstances of other industries .

’ With the creation of a formidable nuclear force , the Soviet homeland can no longer be held to ransom against Socialism 's expansion ; as the West 's capacity for direct intervention is blunted by ‘ the growing might of the Socialist camp ’ , the ideological struggle is not only safer , but free to intensify .
’ with the creation of a formidable nuclear force , the soviet homeland can no longer be held to ransom against socialism 's expansion ; as the west 's [ability] for direct intervention is blunted by ‘ the growing might of the socialist camp ’ , the ideological struggle is not only safer , but free to intensify .

It is nevertheless worth emphasizing that the estimates of population , storage capacity , agricultural yields and food consumption are all based on incomplete evidence ; so , interesting though this line of thought may be , no conclusions can be reached yet .
it is nevertheless worth emphasizing that the estimates of population , storage [ability] , agricultural yields and food consumption are all based on incomplete evidence ; so , interesting though this line of thought may be , no conclusions can be reached yet .

De Quincey wrote that habitual opium-taking reawakened the childhood capacity that we all recognize and remember , for conjuring up monsters in the dark .
de quincey wrote that habitual opium-taking reawakened the childhood [ability] that we all recognize and remember , for conjuring up monsters in the dark .

Secondly , they want scalable systems for immediate high capacity of data storage with low entry cost .
secondly , they want scalable systems for immediate high [ability] of data storage with low entry cost .

This opens the possibility ( and one acknowledged in conversation ) that communication could involve structured messages , perhaps even structure of the sort producing infinite generative capacity , without the creatures ever having passed the ‘ Gricean hump ’ that Bennett put them past even before occasion meaning had made its evolutionary debut .
this opens the possibility ( and one acknowledged in conversation ) that communication could involve structured messages , perhaps even structure of the sort producing infinite generative [ability] , without the creatures ever having passed the ‘ gricean hump ’ that bennett put them past even before occasion meaning had made its evolutionary debut .

We simply do not yet know enough about the capacity of learning strategies that have been discovered or perhaps remain to be discovered .
we simply do not yet know enough about the [ability] of learning strategies that have been discovered or perhaps remain to be discovered .

Admittedly , a robot could be provided with an Ullmanesque capacity to perceive rigid objects in motion ; but whether any creature on the phytogenetic scale employs such visual mechanisms is another question .
admittedly , a robot could be provided with an ullmanesque [ability] to perceive rigid objects in motion ; but whether any creature on the phytogenetic scale employs such visual mechanisms is another question .

However , people 's capacity for perceiving themselves in this way is not innate ; it is acquired within a framework of established social practices which impose on them the role ( forme ) of a subject .
however , people 's [ability] for perceiving themselves in this way is not innate ; it is acquired within a framework of established social practices which impose on them the role ( forme ) of a subject .

But this is to assume that humans have a natural capacity to recognise and reflect on their interests , and that they will only stand so much injustice .
but this is to assume that humans have a natural [ability] to recognise and reflect on their interests , and that they will only stand so much injustice .

If we are to attribute to social classes the capacity to perceive their interests , we shall have to analyse this property .
if we are to attribute to social classes the [ability] to perceive their interests , we shall have to analyse this property .

In some years spring growth of the sward is vigorous and exceeds the capacity of sheep and the other grazing animals to keep it fully grazed .
in some years spring growth of the sward is vigorous and exceeds the [ability] of sheep and the other grazing animals to keep it fully grazed .

These sea-level fluctuations must therefore have been produced by changes in the cubic capacity of the ocean basins .
these sea-level fluctuations must therefore have been produced by changes in the cubic [ability] of the ocean basins .

By far the most effective way of changing the cubic capacity of the ocean basins is to vary the volume of the mid-ocean ridges ; increase in volume will cause a displacement of sea water on to the continents and vice versa .
by far the most effective way of changing the cubic [ability] of the ocean basins is to vary the volume of the mid-ocean ridges ; increase in volume will cause a displacement of sea water on to the continents and vice versa .

Even so , the power to predict and control the environment is enormously enhanced by a capacity to associate neutral events with those that already have some importance for the animal .
even so , the power to predict and control the environment is enormously enhanced by a [ability] to associate neutral events with those that already have some importance for the animal .

With such capacity , initially meaningless cues and initially haphazard or exploratory acts can acquire causal significance .
with such [ability] , initially meaningless cues and initially haphazard or exploratory acts can acquire causal significance .

It is very tempting to suppose that the lack of any such reliable signals , and the perilously low level of security often reached in human communities , must be connected with a high level of conceptual and , in particular , predictive thought , and also an associated capacity for deceit .
it is very tempting to suppose that the lack of any such reliable signals , and the perilously low level of security often reached in human communities , must be connected with a high level of conceptual and , in particular , predictive thought , and also an associated [ability] for deceit .

The preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .
the preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the [ability] to experience pleasure and pain .

Yet he later seems to qualify this , in the case of animals : ‘ It does seem that we are not required to give strict justice anyway to creatures lacking this capacity ’ ( 512 ) .
yet he later seems to qualify this , in the case of animals : ‘ it does seem that we are not required to give strict justice anyway to creatures lacking this [ability] ’ ( 512 ) .

Singer s own argument was that trees , lacking as they are in any capacity for suffering , can not have interests .
singer s own argument was that trees , lacking as they are in any [ability] for suffering , can not have interests .

The idea of a chooser , a decider , who has a full capacity for rational decision and choice , seems to be central to our idea of a holder of rights … .
the idea of a chooser , a decider , who has a full [ability] for rational decision and choice , seems to be central to our idea of a holder of rights … .

Most of these possibilities exclude animals but where they do not ( we might , for example , feel it appropriate to praise the sheepdog by saying that it has earned the right to a good meal ) the attribution is clearly analogical since it is based upon such a slim comparison with human capacity .
most of these possibilities exclude animals but where they do not ( we might , for example , feel it appropriate to praise the sheepdog by saying that it has earned the right to a good meal ) the attribution is clearly analogical since it is based upon such a slim comparison with human [ability] .

But the human context involves the capacity to weigh the merits of the case , to give reasons for one 's choice or to dismiss them .
but the human context involves the [ability] to weigh the merits of the case , to give reasons for one 's choice or to dismiss them .

( Utilitarians like Singer , for example , put exaggerated emphasis upon the capacity for suffering , whilst Regan , as we have seen , takes refuge in the theology of ‘ inherent value ’ . )
( utilitarians like singer , for example , put exaggerated emphasis upon the [ability] for suffering , whilst regan , as we have seen , takes refuge in the theology of ‘ inherent value ’ . )

Performance and comfort : this is a good all-season bag with a high loft capacity and good insulation .
performance and comfort : this is a good all-season bag with a high loft [ability] and good insulation .

This is cheaper than pure goose down but like all down bags maintains superb loft capacity .
this is cheaper than pure goose down but like all down bags maintains superb loft [ability] .

Conflict has a duel capacity .
conflict has a duel [ability] .

Whereas most operators of propliners can undertake maintenance work on every aspect of the airframes of their fleet , not that many can boast the same capacity for their engines .
whereas most operators of propliners can undertake maintenance work on every aspect of the airframes of their fleet , not that many can boast the same [ability] for their engines .

Modifications included increased capacity gravity-feed fuel tanks in which the outboard tanks were re-located closer to the centre-line , and aerodynamically refined radiators positioned toward the rear of each engine nacelle .
modifications included increased [ability] gravity-feed fuel tanks in which the outboard tanks were re-located closer to the centre-line , and aerodynamically refined radiators positioned toward the rear of each engine nacelle .

Usually evidence of about two hours of a dry nappy indicates that the child has the capacity to retain urine in the bladder .
usually evidence of about two hours of a dry nappy indicates that the child has the [ability] to retain urine in the bladder .

In some children this may be due to small functional bladder capacity , or to incomplete voiding when they do go to the lavatory ( Berg 1979 ; de Jonge 1973 ) .
in some children this may be due to small functional bladder [ability] , or to incomplete voiding when they do go to the lavatory ( berg 1979 ; de jonge 1973 ) .

This approach attempts to reduce the frequency of passing urine and increase bladder capacity .
this approach attempts to reduce the frequency of passing urine and increase bladder [ability] .

The mechanism for this is not clear and leads some researchers to accept the physiological view that delayed maturation or physical differences ( such as reduced functional bladder capacity ) may be the cause of the problem ( Zaleski et al .
the mechanism for this is not clear and leads some researchers to accept the physiological view that delayed maturation or physical differences ( such as reduced functional bladder [ability] ) may be the cause of the problem ( zaleski et al .

Supplied with the Pioneer Workbench are three rows of bores for the four clamping jaws , which increase the clamping capacity to am impressive 550mm .
supplied with the pioneer workbench are three rows of bores for the four clamping jaws , which increase the clamping [ability] to am impressive 550mm .

The sudden reversal of former Maoist policies was not welcome everywhere and there were limits to the productive capacity of the small plots of land being leased .
the sudden reversal of former maoist policies was not welcome everywhere and there were limits to the productive [ability] of the small plots of land being leased .

As far as acquisition of language is concerned , it seems clear that reinforcement , casual observation , and natural inquisitiveness ( coupled with a strong tendency to imitate ) are important factors , as is the remarkable capacity of the child to generalise , hypothesise and ‘ process information ’ in a variety of very special and apparently highly complex ways which we can not yet describe or begin to understand , and which may be largely innate , or may develop through some sort of learning or through maturation of the nervous system .
as far as acquisition of language is concerned , it seems clear that reinforcement , casual observation , and natural inquisitiveness ( coupled with a strong tendency to imitate ) are important factors , as is the remarkable [ability] of the child to generalise , hypothesise and ‘ process information ’ in a variety of very special and apparently highly complex ways which we can not yet describe or begin to understand , and which may be largely innate , or may develop through some sort of learning or through maturation of the nervous system .

The significance of the adult 's capacity to attribute meaning to actions which are not performed with communicative intent lies in the learning opportunities which are created by the adult response .
the significance of the adult 's [ability] to attribute meaning to actions which are not performed with communicative intent lies in the learning opportunities which are created by the adult response .

For this reason , assessments intended to provide a basis for making decisions about placement should consider not only the child 's performance under ‘ test ’ conditions , but also the child 's capacity for engaging in linguistic interactions in ‘ naturalistic ’ settings .
for this reason , assessments intended to provide a basis for making decisions about placement should consider not only the child 's performance under ‘ test ’ conditions , but also the child 's [ability] for engaging in linguistic interactions in ‘ naturalistic ’ settings .

Unlike the conventional heated rollers they do n't have any uncomfortable spikes — instead they are covered with a special light rubber material which has the capacity to grip , making them easy to use and much kinder to your hair .
unlike the conventional heated rollers they do n't have any uncomfortable spikes — instead they are covered with a special light rubber material which has the [ability] to grip , making them easy to use and much kinder to your hair .

Instead his theory of social determination transformed the Kantian ‘ a priori ’ , the human capacity to reason , which then filled a role similar to Mannheim 's presuppositions available to social being .
instead his theory of social determination transformed the kantian ‘ a priori ’ , the human [ability] to reason , which then filled a role similar to mannheim 's presuppositions available to social being .

It can , therefore , be said that language makes ‘ more real ’ my subjectivity not only to my conversation partner but also to myself . This capacity of language to crystallize and stabilize me for my own subjectivity is retained
it can , therefore , be said that language makes ‘ more real ’ my subjectivity not only to my conversation partner but also to myself . this [ability] of language to crystallize and stabilize me for my own subjectivity is retained

It would seem that our capacity to feel fear is great and the merest trigger can set it off .
it would seem that our [ability] to feel fear is great and the merest trigger can set it off .

It is possible to maintain a simple fish-only marine system in an aquarium measuring only 600 × 300 × 300mm ( 24″ × 12 × 12″ ) with a capacity of less than 681 ( 15 gallons ) .
it is possible to maintain a simple fish-only marine system in an aquarium measuring only 600 × 300 × 300mm ( 24″ × 12 × 12″ ) with a [ability] of less than 681 ( 15 gallons ) .

This means that each of these filters only has a capacity of 80 % of the size stated , in imperial gallon terms .
this means that each of these filters only has a [ability] of 80 % of the size stated , in imperial gallon terms .

The atmosphere has 200 times the capacity to hold oxygen than has sea water and much larger colonies of beneficial bacteria can be supported by a dry type filter .
the atmosphere has 200 times the [ability] to hold oxygen than has sea water and much larger colonies of beneficial bacteria can be supported by a dry type filter .

Capacity may also need careful consideration and you should estimate the net volume of water at the earliest opportunity .
[ability] may also need careful consideration and you should estimate the net volume of water at the earliest opportunity .

It is also less soluble in water at higher than at lower temperatures , so that the capacity of a body of water to support fish respiration is greater in winter than in high summer .
it is also less soluble in water at higher than at lower temperatures , so that the [ability] of a body of water to support fish respiration is greater in winter than in high summer .

the way the family is structured and organised . This will affect the way family members respond to the change in capacity of the elderly family member , including how the family system can incorporate these changes ;
the way the family is structured and organised . this will affect the way family members respond to the change in [ability] of the elderly family member , including how the family system can incorporate these changes ;

In encouraging social workers to take this approach to understanding and assessing a vulnerable elderly person , one is recognising the significance of functional capacity and coping ability .
in encouraging social workers to take this approach to understanding and assessing a vulnerable elderly person , one is recognising the significance of functional [ability] and coping ability .

Any change in the vulnerable elderly person 's capacity to cope with daily living should be considered in relation to his/her place in the family network , and the capacity of that network to respond to the change .
any change in the vulnerable elderly person 's [ability] to cope with daily living should be considered in relation to his/her place in the family network , and the [ability] of that network to respond to the change .

The capacity to co-ordinate work with a variety of professionals , each with a different perspective and set of priorities is one that takes time and skill to develop .
the [ability] to co-ordinate work with a variety of professionals , each with a different perspective and set of priorities is one that takes time and skill to develop .

The capacity to manage risk within available resources usually develops with experience , but takes considerable skill ( Crosbie , 1983 ) .
the [ability] to manage risk within available resources usually develops with experience , but takes considerable skill ( crosbie , 1983 ) .

The lives of vulnerable elderly people are made more complex when there is mental impairment , as there is a general anxiety about their capacity to cope with themselves or the environment .
the lives of vulnerable elderly people are made more complex when there is mental impairment , as there is a general anxiety about their [ability] to cope with themselves or the environment .

Most old people retain their intellectual capacity except for minor short-term memory lapses for which protective strategies are often developed — making lists , sticking to routine .
most old people retain their intellectual [ability] except for minor short-term memory lapses for which protective strategies are often developed — making lists , sticking to routine .

The capacity to build a relationship contains the essence of any social work interaction .
the [ability] to build a relationship contains the essence of any social work interaction .

These difficulties often occur following a stroke , leaving the capacity to understand less damaged , but speaking and sometimes reading impaired .
these difficulties often occur following a stroke , leaving the [ability] to understand less damaged , but speaking and sometimes reading impaired .

This self needs to be encouraged in its self evaluation , in its capacity to enjoy aloneness , as one of the ways through , in the often overwhelming sense of grief and loss which can occur in old age .
this self needs to be encouraged in its self evaluation , in its [ability] to enjoy aloneness , as one of the ways through , in the often overwhelming sense of grief and loss which can occur in old age .

As part of this process some carers experience that in this capacity , whatever their skills in other directions , they take on the invisibility of their dependent , denigrated in a market oriented society as a burden .
as part of this process some carers experience that in this [ability] , whatever their skills in other directions , they take on the invisibility of their dependent , denigrated in a market oriented society as a burden .

Social workers above all have this capacity to focus on aspects of psychological well-being , and in doing family work to contribute skills in this area to a multidisciplinary team .
social workers above all have this [ability] to focus on aspects of psychological well-being , and in doing family work to contribute skills in this area to a multidisciplinary team .

The social worker should do a bio-psychosocial assessment taking a careful look at any disruption in the elderly person 's capacity to function and to cope , particularly if there has been a health cause to precipitate a referral .
the social worker should do a bio-psychosocial assessment taking a careful look at any disruption in the elderly person 's [ability] to function and to cope , particularly if there has been a health cause to precipitate a referral .

The important factor to recognise is the meaning which attaches to the relationship for both parties , and how the pair can accommodate the changing functional capacity of one or both of them .
the important factor to recognise is the meaning which attaches to the relationship for both parties , and how the pair can accommodate the changing functional [ability] of one or both of them .

Families are almost bound to be aware of the slippage in faculties or capacity to cope of an older family member , long before there is an expressed need for some form of group care , whether day care or residential care .
families are almost bound to be aware of the slippage in faculties or [ability] to cope of an older family member , long before there is an expressed need for some form of group care , whether day care or residential care .

Gradually weight loss occurs despite a good diet , and in the final stages the person ceases to recognise the family or even the self in the mirror , loses bladder and bowel control , any capacity for self-care or ability to communicate in words .
gradually weight loss occurs despite a good diet , and in the final stages the person ceases to recognise the family or even the self in the mirror , loses bladder and bowel control , any [ability] for self-care or ability to communicate in words .

The costs and risks involved indicated that it would have been very difficult to convince investors to invest in the generating company National Power if it had been responsible for the nuclear power stations , even though it had been given control of the majority of the generating capacity in order to compensate for this .
the costs and risks involved indicated that it would have been very difficult to convince investors to invest in the generating company national power if it had been responsible for the nuclear power stations , even though it had been given control of the majority of the generating [ability] in order to compensate for this .

Leopold had been forced to come to terms with several disagreeable flaws in his son 's character , including his alarming capacity to be ‘ economical with the truth ’ when circumstances demanded .
leopold had been forced to come to terms with several disagreeable flaws in his son 's character , including his alarming [ability] to be ‘ economical with the truth ’ when circumstances demanded .

His poor mother lacked her husband 's capacity for discipline , and found herself at the mercy of her headstrong son .
his poor mother lacked her husband 's [ability] for discipline , and found herself at the mercy of her headstrong son .

After her initial prostration , Constanze proved remarkably resilient , and began to demonstrate her innate capacity for organization .
after her initial prostration , constanze proved remarkably resilient , and began to demonstrate her innate [ability] for organization .

Wednesday are also hoping a capacity crowd will generate an intimidating atmosphere for the Germans .
wednesday are also hoping a [ability] crowd will generate an intimidating atmosphere for the germans .

Although the capacity was restricted to 25,000 , because of the redevelopment of Leeds ' home , the noise and expectancy from the crowd was as intense as it had been at Ibrox .
although the [ability] was restricted to 25,000 , because of the redevelopment of leeds ' home , the noise and expectancy from the crowd was as intense as it had been at ibrox .

In the gold and green corner snorts Willie ‘ Tongan Torpedo ’ Ofahengaue , back-row batterer for the world champions , whose most recent display , against Wales in Cardiff last week , made the capacity crowd wince .
in the gold and green corner snorts willie ‘ tongan torpedo ’ ofahengaue , back-row batterer for the world champions , whose most recent display , against wales in cardiff last week , made the [ability] crowd wince .

Apart from their capacity to excite and frustrate in equal measure , the pair shared a common bond as they meandered away from Highbury — and both would do well to heed the advice given freely to them .
apart from their [ability] to excite and frustrate in equal measure , the pair shared a common bond as they meandered away from highbury — and both would do well to heed the advice given freely to them .

That makes me think he must have connections with the Jordanian Government — he probably works for the Jordanian Secret Service , either full time or in some ad hoc capacity .
that makes me think he must have connections with the jordanian government — he probably works for the jordanian secret service , either full time or in some ad hoc [ability] .

This week they will visit Korea together in a professional capacity .
this week they will visit korea together in a professional [ability] .

But a better answer would be for them to be prohibited from driving cars above 1.3 litres — a common engine capacity — until they are 25 .
but a better answer would be for them to be prohibited from driving cars above 1.3 litres — a common engine [ability] — until they are 25 .

However , the creature 's capacity to change colour at will in order to blend into its surroundings is not as extensive as is popularly thought .
however , the creature 's [ability] to change colour at will in order to blend into its surroundings is not as extensive as is popularly thought .

Research indicates that ageing people continue to be sexually active , and that age itself does not undermine either the need or the capacity for sexual activity .
research indicates that ageing people continue to be sexually active , and that age itself does not undermine either the need or the [ability] for sexual activity .

As far as women were concerned , they found that there was no significant loss in their capacity to enjoy sexual intercourse .
as far as women were concerned , they found that there was no significant loss in their [ability] to enjoy sexual intercourse .

Suppleness is concerned with the muscles , ligaments and tendons and their capacity to allow freedom of movement .
suppleness is concerned with the muscles , ligaments and tendons and their [ability] to allow freedom of movement .

You compliment your audience when you consider their capacity for discrimination .
you compliment your audience when you consider their [ability] for discrimination .

As presenter you have to give much of your attention to your active involvement in the performance , and so your capacity for evaluation is limited .
as presenter you have to give much of your attention to your active involvement in the performance , and so your [ability] for evaluation is limited .

Nevertheless , he designed and wired the control panel and delighted both in his consultant capacity and also in being again involved in his life 's obsession on what to him was virtually home ground .
nevertheless , he designed and wired the control panel and delighted both in his consultant [ability] and also in being again involved in his life 's obsession on what to him was virtually home ground .

Increasingly it was the critical functions of Cobdenism that mattered , not its capacity to lend high moral tone to the self-interested actions of the British state .
increasingly it was the critical functions of cobdenism that mattered , not its [ability] to lend high moral tone to the self-interested actions of the british state .

In the long term , the future of British pacifism lay in its capacity to adapt to the demise of the world order from which , often unconsciously , its most fundamental assumptions were derived .
in the long term , the future of british pacifism lay in its [ability] to adapt to the demise of the world order from which , often unconsciously , its most fundamental assumptions were derived .

On August 19th , Palme Dutt — revealing a capacity to assess political realities independently of the Moscow line which , in all his long years as Britain 's foremost guardian of Communist orthodoxy , he was seldom to repeat — insisted the issue was ‘ not essentially a revolutionary class issue , but simply an expression of war-weariness and horror at the prospect of being dragged into another war .
on august 19th , palme dutt — revealing a [ability] to assess political realities independently of the moscow line which , in all his long years as britain 's foremost guardian of communist orthodoxy , he was seldom to repeat — insisted the issue was ‘ not essentially a revolutionary class issue , but simply an expression of war-weariness and horror at the prospect of being dragged into another war .

At the root of Orwell 's socialism was a belief in the decency of ordinary working people and their capacity to prevent the necessary centralization of a socialist economy from degenerating into totalitarianism .
at the root of orwell 's socialism was a belief in the decency of ordinary working people and their [ability] to prevent the necessary centralization of a socialist economy from degenerating into totalitarianism .

Energy is officially defined as ‘ capacity for doing work ’ and it has the dimensions of force multiplied by distance .
energy is officially defined as ‘ [ability] for doing work ’ and it has the dimensions of force multiplied by distance .

In its first year the plant will process 500 BMWs , building up to its capacity of 2,500 , by operating as a factory in reverse — working on the premise that everything that is bolted , welded , glued , screwed or sewn in can be used again .
in its first year the plant will process 500 bmws , building up to its [ability] of 2,500 , by operating as a factory in reverse — working on the premise that everything that is bolted , welded , glued , screwed or sewn in can be used again .

Aside from this speaking volumes about the worldwide potential for struggle and conflict on the one hand and great reform on the other , it says a lot about your capacity to triumph over the circumstances that you meet .
aside from this speaking volumes about the worldwide potential for struggle and conflict on the one hand and great reform on the other , it says a lot about your [ability] to triumph over the circumstances that you meet .

At peak capacity some 56 people — seven teams of eight surgical staff — could work at the same time .
at peak [ability] some 56 people — seven teams of eight surgical staff — could work at the same time .

He would be happier with a partner of equal mental capacity and who shares his interests .
he would be happier with a partner of equal mental [ability] and who shares his interests .

In an official capacity they dined with European leaders at the Edinburgh Summit .
in an official [ability] they dined with european leaders at the edinburgh summit .

Silver added : ‘ We 've also got a 17,000 capacity stand under construction as part of plans to make Elland Road a 40,000 all-seater stadium , so it 's not all doom and gloom . ’
silver added : ‘ we 've also got a 17,000 [ability] stand under construction as part of plans to make elland road a 40,000 all-seater stadium , so it 's not all doom and gloom . ’

It was significant that the man Cooke feared Back would not be able to handle at Twickenham next month , French flanker Laurent Cabannes , was another of his victims in front of a capacity 16,000 crowd .
it was significant that the man cooke feared back would not be able to handle at twickenham next month , french flanker laurent cabannes , was another of his victims in front of a [ability] 16,000 crowd .

The Premier League 's form team , impressive conquerors of Liverpool and Aston Villa , were left breathless as a capacity 36,025 crowd — the best at Old Trafford this season — watched United 's relentless assaults .
the premier league 's form team , impressive conquerors of liverpool and aston villa , were left breathless as a [ability] 36,025 crowd — the best at old trafford this season — watched united 's relentless assaults .

Yeovil , meanwhile , have debts approaching £750,000 following a move to a new 10,000 capacity ground two years ago from their famous Huish slope .
yeovil , meanwhile , have debts approaching £750,000 following a move to a new 10,000 [ability] ground two years ago from their famous huish slope .

And Beresford will never forget the debt he owes Barnsley , who will have a capacity crowd for tomorrow 's all-ticket televised game .
and beresford will never forget the debt he owes barnsley , who will have a [ability] crowd for tomorrow 's all-ticket televised game .

Bowe 's earnings capacity will be undiminished by the defection of one belt to Lewis .
bowe 's earnings [ability] will be undiminished by the defection of one belt to lewis .

Only five survivors of Woking 's 1990-91 heroes are expected to feature tonight — Buzaglo , Mark Biggins , Trevor Baron and Wye brothers Shane and Lloyd — but they will be roared on by a 6,000 capacity crowd .
only five survivors of woking 's 1990-91 heroes are expected to feature tonight — buzaglo , mark biggins , trevor baron and wye brothers shane and lloyd — but they will be roared on by a 6,000 [ability] crowd .

If the negotiations with the Greyhound Racing Association , who own the dog track , are successful , the capacity would rise from 6,000 to around 15,000 .
if the negotiations with the greyhound racing association , who own the dog track , are successful , the [ability] would rise from 6,000 to around 15,000 .

‘ We 're just trying to contain the market at the moment — at least until we 've got the capacity to deal with the demand .
‘ we 're just trying to contain the market at the moment — at least until we 've got the [ability] to deal with the demand .

And it has the capacity to clean 1,100 square metres an hour , a task that would take 10 humans .
and it has the [ability] to clean 1,100 square metres an hour , a task that would take 10 humans .

Speed and capacity
speed and [ability]

As we near 2000 we can expect to see not only more networking , but also networks that operate at higher speed and with greater capacity to cope with the increasing demands of modern computer applications such as ‘ multimedia ’ .
as we near 2000 we can expect to see not only more networking , but also networks that operate at higher speed and with greater [ability] to cope with the increasing demands of modern computer applications such as ‘ multimedia ’ .

What distinguishes the last two from gains and losses is that they are transactions involving owners in their capacity as owners .
what distinguishes the last two from gains and losses is that they are transactions involving owners in their [ability] as owners .

Mr Chapman was prosecuted under s 37 of the 1974 Act , which states that where an offence under any of the relevant statutory provisions committed by a corporate body is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of , or to have been attributable to any neglect on the part of , any director , manager , secretary , or similar officer , or a person who was purporting to act in any such capacity , he , as well as the corporate body , shall be guilty of that offence .
mr chapman was prosecuted under s 37 of the 1974 act , which states that where an offence under any of the relevant statutory provisions committed by a corporate body is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of , or to have been attributable to any neglect on the part of , any director , manager , secretary , or similar officer , or a person who was purporting to act in any such [ability] , he , as well as the corporate body , shall be guilty of that offence .

The suggestion is that the spiral possesses the capacity to move energy from one level to another or from one vibration to another — to act as a channel or interface .
the suggestion is that the spiral possesses the [ability] to move energy from one level to another or from one vibration to another — to act as a channel or interface .

In most districts the same person held the posts of justice of the peace and police magistrate , but it was necessary for the complainant to determine in which capacity he wanted this official to act .
in most districts the same person held the posts of justice of the peace and police magistrate , but it was necessary for the complainant to determine in which [ability] he wanted this official to act .

Instead the complainant , defendant , and witnesses had to come back and testify all over again , usually on a different day , when the official was acting in his capacity as a magistrate .
instead the complainant , defendant , and witnesses had to come back and testify all over again , usually on a different day , when the official was acting in his [ability] as a magistrate .

We have defined awareness as the disposition to take into account in choices , and we have always insisted that although a capacity to recall a feeling is necessary to continuing awareness of it , a constant maintenance of the feeling is not .
we have defined awareness as the disposition to take into account in choices , and we have always insisted that although a [ability] to recall a feeling is necessary to continuing awareness of it , a constant maintenance of the feeling is not .

It was fortunate that the longer wheelbase cars had been removed to work on the Sutton route as they were longer and of larger capacity than the Corporation cars and would certainly have given trouble on the section between Selby Road and West Croydon , which was all single track with short passing loops .
it was fortunate that the longer wheelbase cars had been removed to work on the sutton route as they were longer and of larger [ability] than the corporation cars and would certainly have given trouble on the section between selby road and west croydon , which was all single track with short passing loops .

They had front exits and were of slightly lower seating capacity than the E/1s .
they had front exits and were of slightly lower seating [ability] than the e/1s .

They had spacious vestibules at both ends to give a large standing capacity , which regulations never permitted to be used to the full .
they had spacious vestibules at both ends to give a large standing [ability] , which regulations never permitted to be used to the full .

The driver 's platform beyond the stairs was completely open and unprotected and in all these were large ungainly looking cars , but typical of the turn of the century idea of what a high capacity bogie car should look like .
the driver 's platform beyond the stairs was completely open and unprotected and in all these were large ungainly looking cars , but typical of the turn of the century idea of what a high [ability] bogie car should look like .

Capacity of the new stand will be 25,058 , increasingly the ground capacity of 68,000 .
[ability] of the new stand will be 25,058 , increasingly the ground [ability] of 68,000 .

The work will take place in stages and for the proposed South Africa international in November 1992 , Baa-Baas v Australia and the Varsity match the ground capacity will be reduced to 44,000 .
the work will take place in stages and for the proposed south africa international in november 1992 , baa-baas v australia and the varsity match the ground [ability] will be reduced to 44,000 .

Mr Hardman also had a tremendous capacity for work — as people are now finding out , they are having to replace him , not with one , but with several people .
mr hardman also had a tremendous [ability] for work — as people are now finding out , they are having to replace him , not with one , but with several people .

‘ Once this backbone is in place , there will at last be capacity to link people into it .
‘ once this backbone is in place , there will at last be [ability] to link people into it .

Smaller companies that ca n't afford these luxuries can sometimes arrange to use spare capacity on the network of a nearby multinational .
smaller companies that ca n't afford these luxuries can sometimes arrange to use spare [ability] on the network of a nearby multinational .

To exploit and maintain the gain in endurance capacity
to exploit and maintain the gain in endurance [ability]

Endurance capacity
endurance [ability]

Small monastic schools , a teaching capacity at St. Leonard 's Priory and the temporary residence of the Oxford students can not constitute a university under a corporate body .
small monastic schools , a teaching [ability] at st. leonard 's priory and the temporary residence of the oxford students can not constitute a university under a corporate body .

Simpkin , the inventor of a new set of kicking tees used by his players in Catania , has been waiting to hear from the International Board on his amateur status , allegedly jeopardised by his involvement in a professional capacity with the Hong Kong Union .
simpkin , the inventor of a new set of kicking tees used by his players in catania , has been waiting to hear from the international board on his amateur status , allegedly jeopardised by his involvement in a professional [ability] with the hong kong union .

We do n't pray to win ; we pray before and after each game to thank God for giving us the gift of talent and the capacity to express it .
we do n't pray to win ; we pray before and after each game to thank god for giving us the gift of talent and the [ability] to express it .

Women are attracted to men who will be the most efficient ‘ mates ’ : the more money or power , the greater his capacity to attract women .
women are attracted to men who will be the most efficient ‘ mates ’ : the more money or power , the greater his [ability] to attract women .

These arrangements work quite well , but some prefer the simpler and faster manual alternatives , partly because power-driven controls use up precious battery capacity .
these arrangements work quite well , but some prefer the simpler and faster manual alternatives , partly because power-driven controls use up precious battery [ability] .

Use only power cables of the correct capacity for the duty , and run them as neatly and directly as circumstances permit .
use only power cables of the correct [ability] for the duty , and run them as neatly and directly as circumstances permit .

The word ‘ maintainable ’ is not ideal , but it does indicate the underlying principle involved , that the company has a capacity to produce wealth over time , and the idea of the earnings number is to reflect that capacity in the year in question .
the word ‘ maintainable ’ is not ideal , but it does indicate the underlying principle involved , that the company has a [ability] to produce wealth over time , and the idea of the earnings number is to reflect that [ability] in the year in question .

If the small company audit is abolished , the reason for being authorised will disappear along with a substantial part of their earning capacity which they do not believe they can recoup through selling other services .
if the small company audit is abolished , the reason for being authorised will disappear along with a substantial part of their earning [ability] which they do not believe they can recoup through selling other services .

‘ Activity in the leasing market is restricted by low levels of investment in industry and by a shortage of tax capacity among lessor companies , ’ he said .
‘ activity in the leasing market is restricted by low levels of investment in industry and by a shortage of tax [ability] among lessor companies , ’ he said .

There is a general perception that operating leases , where leased assets are not capitalised by the lessee , reduce borrowing capacity to a lesser extent than bank borrowing .
there is a general perception that operating leases , where leased assets are not capitalised by the lessee , reduce borrowing [ability] to a lesser extent than bank borrowing .

It is therefore recommended that all employees , particularly those in a data-processing capacity , be required to take at least two consecutive weeks ' holiday , ideally including a month-end or quarter-end .
it is therefore recommended that all employees , particularly those in a data-processing [ability] , be required to take at least two consecutive weeks ' holiday , ideally including a month-end or quarter-end .

While many had been in the county for several generations the group as a whole showed remarkable resilience and a powerful capacity for accepting newcomers , men who replaced declining families .
while many had been in the county for several generations the group as a whole showed remarkable resilience and a powerful [ability] for accepting newcomers , men who replaced declining families .

‘ It is a capacity which has obviously helped us survive as a species over thousands of years , and medical staff see evidence of it even today time after time , ’ said intensive care specialist Sally Ford .
‘ it is a [ability] which has obviously helped us survive as a species over thousands of years , and medical staff see evidence of it even today time after time , ’ said intensive care specialist sally ford .

‘ When the princess went to Paris she was received in an official capacity by President Mitterrand .
‘ when the princess went to paris she was received in an official [ability] by president mitterrand .

The shame of it is we have the capacity to provide them with that peace but we 've decided it is n't worth it .
the shame of it is we have the [ability] to provide them with that peace but we 've decided it is n't worth it .

Over the past three years we invested in new models , new manufacturing facilities and capacity .
over the past three years we invested in new models , new manufacturing facilities and [ability] .

Two thousand more workers are expected to be taken on and the local economy should get a £100 million boost once production reaches capacity .
two thousand more workers are expected to be taken on and the local economy should get a £100 million boost once production reaches [ability] .

Two thousand more workers are expected to be taken on and the local economy should get a £100 million boost once production reaches capacity .
two thousand more workers are expected to be taken on and the local economy should get a £100 million boost once production reaches [ability] .

The new school suffered from a degree of excess capacity for quite a number of years : by 1894 the average attendance was 109 , Miss Harris acting as assistant mistress ; she was shortly replaced by Benjamin 's daughter , Minnie Titford , and they were joined by Miss Maud Reading , the infants ' mistress , as the average attendance rose to a hundred and twenty .
the new school suffered from a degree of excess [ability] for quite a number of years : by 1894 the average attendance was 109 , miss harris acting as assistant mistress ; she was shortly replaced by benjamin 's daughter , minnie titford , and they were joined by miss maud reading , the infants ' mistress , as the average attendance rose to a hundred and twenty .

Electricity sales to England and Wales rose by 6% , and capacity to distribute electricity south of the border will be upped 70% in 1993 .
electricity sales to england and wales rose by 6% , and [ability] to distribute electricity south of the border will be upped 70% in 1993 .

At the earlier stage , the child did not have the capacity to use such items , so his behaviour indicates .
at the earlier stage , the child did not have the [ability] to use such items , so his behaviour indicates .

The coverage or covering capacity of an item is the number of things one can say with it .
the coverage or covering [ability] of an item is the number of things one can say with it .

This involves the acquisition of goal-oriented behaviour which is more or less formulaic in character and whose capacity for accommodation to novelty is , therefore , very limited .
this involves the acquisition of goal-oriented behaviour which is more or less formulaic in character and whose [ability] for accommodation to novelty is , therefore , very limited .

The image server may be equipped with optical disks — a high capacity but relatively low cost storage medium which is written to and read by a laser disk drive unit .
the image server may be equipped with optical disks — a high [ability] but relatively low cost storage medium which is written to and read by a laser disk drive unit .

In the present economic conditions , inflation is likely to be suppressed because the majority of businesses are operating at well below capacity .
in the present economic conditions , inflation is likely to be suppressed because the majority of businesses are operating at well below [ability] .

He suggested that accountants were not liable for casual remarks in the course of conversation , statements made by accountants outside their work or for statements not made in their capacity as accountants .
he suggested that accountants were not liable for casual remarks in the course of conversation , statements made by accountants outside their work or for statements not made in their [ability] as accountants .

The working party was very conscious of the dilemma facing the Institute in its capacity as a self-regulating organisation , namely that of balancing the need for a clear indication of expectation against over-prescription .
the working party was very conscious of the dilemma facing the institute in its [ability] as a self-regulating organisation , namely that of balancing the need for a clear indication of expectation against over-prescription .

Economic support of all kinds seems to be much more significant of middle-class kin groups , who on the whole have more to share and use that capacity in a distinctive way to enable family members , especially the younger generations , to maintain a suitable style and standard of living .
economic support of all kinds seems to be much more significant of middle-class kin groups , who on the whole have more to share and use that [ability] in a distinctive way to enable family members , especially the younger generations , to maintain a suitable style and standard of living .

It means that necessarily there have been variations in people 's need for support from their kin , and in the capacity of kin to provide it .
it means that necessarily there have been variations in people 's need for support from their kin , and in the [ability] of kin to provide it .

In the past women 's capacity to give assistance was even more constrained than it is now , by their lack of control over financial resources .
in the past women 's [ability] to give assistance was even more constrained than it is now , by their lack of control over financial resources .

His argument has relevance for any set of historical circumstances , including the present day , in that it suggests that relationships between young adults and their parents , including patterns of reciprocal exchange between them , are closely related to the capacity of young people to earn a wage .
his argument has relevance for any set of historical circumstances , including the present day , in that it suggests that relationships between young adults and their parents , including patterns of reciprocal exchange between them , are closely related to the [ability] of young people to earn a wage .

This is a significant comparison , because of the key place which Anderson 's work occupies in developing an interpretation of kin relations in the past which emphasizes the importance of calculations about the capacity of another person to reciprocate .
this is a significant comparison , because of the key place which anderson 's work occupies in developing an interpretation of kin relations in the past which emphasizes the importance of calculations about the [ability] of another person to reciprocate .

In that sense women have a greater range of strategies for maximizing support at their disposal , although of course their capacity as wage earners in the formal economy has usually been far more limited than men 's .
in that sense women have a greater range of strategies for maximizing support at their disposal , although of course their [ability] as wage earners in the formal economy has usually been far more limited than men 's .

But in reality the amount and type of support which kin give each other varies with the particular historical circumstances within which family relationships are played out , so that looking at patterns of support at different points in time means that one is not comparing like with like in quite significant ways : there is variation both in people 's need for support and in the capacity of relatives to provide it .
but in reality the amount and type of support which kin give each other varies with the particular historical circumstances within which family relationships are played out , so that looking at patterns of support at different points in time means that one is not comparing like with like in quite significant ways : there is variation both in people 's need for support and in the [ability] of relatives to provide it .

The variation in people 's need for support , and in the capacity of relatives to provide it , is not simply a matter of demography or the force of economic circumstances .
the variation in people 's need for support , and in the [ability] of relatives to provide it , is not simply a matter of demography or the force of economic circumstances .

The history of the past two centuries in Britain demonstrates very clearly that both ‘ need ’ and ‘ capacity ’ are socially constructed .
the history of the past two centuries in britain demonstrates very clearly that both ‘ need ’ and ‘ [ability] ’ are socially constructed .

To a series of 20 propositions , covering such headings as finance and capacity , assessment and care management , participation and monitoring and control , they had to rate their own organisation on a scale of one to five .
to a series of 20 propositions , covering such headings as finance and [ability] , assessment and care management , participation and monitoring and control , they had to rate their own organisation on a scale of one to five .

One finance and capacity issues there was a large degree of agreement .
one finance and [ability] issues there was a large degree of agreement .

Adult Schwann cells normally are quiescent , but retain the capacity for cell division and can dedifferentiate to a highly proliferative state after nerve injury .
adult schwann cells normally are quiescent , but retain the [ability] for cell division and can dedifferentiate to a highly proliferative state after nerve injury .

The heat capacity of the central 2-mm-diameter section intersected by the collimated molecular beam is only 1μJK -1 .
the heat [ability] of the central 2-mm-diameter section intersected by the collimated molecular beam is only 1μjk -1 .

Throughout most of the 1980s there was a ‘ bubble ’ of spare capacity , equal to about a quarter of total capacity at its peak .
throughout most of the 1980s there was a ‘ bubble ’ of spare [ability] , equal to about a quarter of total [ability] at its peak .

They want capacity to grow in order to benefit from today 's rising insurance rates , but not too fast ; the 1980s showed how easily growth can lead to losses .
they want [ability] to grow in order to benefit from today 's rising insurance rates , but not too fast ; the 1980s showed how easily growth can lead to losses .

Output will be held at 5,300 trucks this year — the factory has the capacity to produce 15,000 a year — and talks have also begun with two German component makers to manufacture parts for them .
output will be held at 5,300 trucks this year — the factory has the [ability] to produce 15,000 a year — and talks have also begun with two german component makers to manufacture parts for them .

Britain 's banks are struggling to cut ‘ excess ’ capacity . But measuring banking capacity is so difficult that nobody really knows whether an excess exists
britain 's banks are struggling to cut ‘ excess ’ [ability] . but measuring banking [ability] is so difficult that nobody really knows whether an excess exists

Yet defining capacity in banking is no simple matter .
yet defining [ability] in banking is no simple matter .

It may be misleading to judge capacity by how banks perform in a recession .
it may be misleading to judge [ability] by how banks perform in a recession .

Broad measures of physical capacity are equally limited .
broad measures of physical [ability] are equally limited .

In any event , however , the number of branches says less and less about capacity in banking .
in any event , however , the number of branches says less and less about [ability] in banking .

There is one area , however , where excess capacity looks undeniable : in the technological plant dedicated to processing and clearing payments .
there is one area , however , where excess [ability] looks undeniable : in the technological plant dedicated to processing and clearing payments .

Any realistic attempt to improve prison conditions must take full account of two pivotal aspects of the prison system , namely population and capacity .
any realistic attempt to improve prison conditions must take full account of two pivotal aspects of the prison system , namely population and [ability] .

Indeed , the inter-connections of this penal trinity of population , capacity and conditions form the heart of the reform quagmire .
indeed , the inter-connections of this penal trinity of population , [ability] and conditions form the heart of the reform quagmire .

In part , the high-cost squalor that characterizes many expansionist prison systems results from a trade-off between capacity and conditions with respect to the allocation of public finances .
in part , the high-cost squalor that characterizes many expansionist prison systems results from a trade-off between [ability] and conditions with respect to the allocation of public finances .

Not all efforts to improve prison conditions are futile , but any success is likely to be at the margins and will depend upon full regard being given to the capacity and population side of the reform equation .
not all efforts to improve prison conditions are futile , but any success is likely to be at the margins and will depend upon full regard being given to the [ability] and population side of the reform equation .

To be effective , the internal prison reformer has to reach out and encompass not only conditions but the related issues of capacity and population .
to be effective , the internal prison reformer has to reach out and encompass not only conditions but the related issues of [ability] and population .

Together with a programme of expansion and refurbishment at existing prisons there will be an additional capacity of 21,000 places .
together with a programme of expansion and refurbishment at existing prisons there will be an additional [ability] of 21,000 places .

Until the recent amnesty it housed just under 3,000 inmates at 80 per cent capacity ; some 2,000 of these were former members of the National Guard .
until the recent amnesty it housed just under 3,000 inmates at 80 per cent [ability] ; some 2,000 of these were former members of the national guard .

The female inmates were mainly employed in a domestic capacity as cleaners , cooks , etc .
the female inmates were mainly employed in a domestic [ability] as cleaners , cooks , etc .

Wandsworth and Pentonville , in London , with rather less capacity , were built at about the same time to serve what was then the largest city in the world .
wandsworth and pentonville , in london , with rather less [ability] , were built at about the same time to serve what was then the largest city in the world .

It strengthened his conviction that ‘ there exists in man 's nature an undying capacity to break through the barriers of error , and to seek the road to truth ’ ( Pacem in Terris 158 ) .
it strengthened his conviction that ‘ there exists in man 's nature an undying [ability] to break through the barriers of error , and to seek the road to truth ’ ( pacem in terris 158 ) .

The main individual characteristics that have been incorporated , under neoclassicism , as making a difference to the culpability of offenders have been age , mental capacity and intent ( for instance , degree of premeditation ) .
the main individual characteristics that have been incorporated , under neoclassicism , as making a difference to the culpability of offenders have been age , mental [ability] and intent ( for instance , degree of premeditation ) .

He argued that correctionalism ‘ systematically interferes with the capacity to empathise and thus comprehend the subject of enquiry ’ ( ibid .
he argued that correctionalism ‘ systematically interferes with the [ability] to empathise and thus comprehend the subject of enquiry ’ ( ibid .

The kinds of untruth and distortion that this leads to , he says , stem from the fact that it ‘ reckons without the patent tenability and durability of deviant enterprise , and without the subjective capacity of man to create novelty and manage diversity ’ ( ibid .
the kinds of untruth and distortion that this leads to , he says , stem from the fact that it ‘ reckons without the patent tenability and durability of deviant enterprise , and without the subjective [ability] of man to create novelty and manage diversity ’ ( ibid .

The sole recipient of those monies was the Society , though the funds were so ingeniously routed , through companies and agents who were unaware of their place in the system , that nobody who serviced the Society in any capacity whatsoever knew of its existence .
the sole recipient of those monies was the society , though the funds were so ingeniously routed , through companies and agents who were unaware of their place in the system , that nobody who serviced the society in any [ability] whatsoever knew of its existence .

The object was to use spare printing capacity in Manchester to compete with the London-based Sun , which the Star was therefore designed to resemble extremely closely .
the object was to use spare printing [ability] in manchester to compete with the london-based sun , which the star was therefore designed to resemble extremely closely .

Both were sister papers of established dailies , the Telegraph and Mail , which could be expected to provide a core of readers and whose presses had spare capacity .
both were sister papers of established dailies , the telegraph and mail , which could be expected to provide a core of readers and whose presses had spare [ability] .

The obverse of the English tendency to self-repression — along , according to Mr Eyre , with a less desirable ‘ deference to the monarch [ and ] House of Lords ’ — is a natural capacity for the theatrical .
the obverse of the english tendency to self-repression — along , according to mr eyre , with a less desirable ‘ deference to the monarch [ and ] house of lords ’ — is a natural [ability] for the theatrical .

Each crystal in the magnetic nanocomposite could , in principle , be used to store one bit of data , offering , according to Dr Ziolo , up to 10,000 times the capacity of existing magnetic data-storage devices .
each crystal in the magnetic nanocomposite could , in principle , be used to store one bit of data , offering , according to dr ziolo , up to 10,000 times the [ability] of existing magnetic data-storage devices .

But the commission demanded deep cuts in capacity in return for its support .
but the commission demanded deep cuts in [ability] in return for its support .

For some years after the War there had been severe power cuts in winter , when demand reached its peak , because of shortages of both power station capacity and coal to burn in the plant that was available .
for some years after the war there had been severe power cuts in winter , when demand reached its peak , because of shortages of both power station [ability] and coal to burn in the plant that was available .

Given the difficulties of making up the capacity backlog in the short term , attention inevitably focussed on the other side of the equation : the growth in demand and the possibility of restricting it .
given the difficulties of making up the [ability] backlog in the short term , attention inevitably focussed on the other side of the equation : the growth in demand and the possibility of restricting it .

Sales by 1948 were almost double those of ten years earlier , though the installed capacity of power stations had been increased by less than half of this .
sales by 1948 were almost double those of ten years earlier , though the installed [ability] of power stations had been increased by less than half of this .

Inevitably the industry came under some pressure from the Government to control this burgeoning demand from domestic consumers , without which the capacity crisis would have been a good deal less serious .
inevitably the industry came under some pressure from the government to control this burgeoning demand from domestic consumers , without which the [ability] crisis would have been a good deal less serious .

This objective of growth could not , of course , in the early stages , be pursued without restraint , for the capacity crisis prevented the industry from meeting all demands .
this objective of growth could not , of course , in the early stages , be pursued without restraint , for the [ability] crisis prevented the industry from meeting all demands .

Inevitably , then , their major strategy for meeting demand became the long-term one of building enough new capacity to meet the demand placed on the system at the low price levels which enabled them to increase sales while just balancing the books .
inevitably , then , their major strategy for meeting demand became the long-term one of building enough new [ability] to meet the demand placed on the system at the low price levels which enabled them to increase sales while just balancing the books .

Yet , until that capacity could be built , it seemed , power cuts in winter would remain a fact of life .
yet , until that [ability] could be built , it seemed , power cuts in winter would remain a fact of life .

Their professed need for a load valley in summer to permit overhaul could not be reconciled with the common observation that their capacity problems were not at their worst then ; it could not both be true that the differential charge would have no effect and that it would have so large an effect in cutting consumption the Boards would make losses .
their professed need for a load valley in summer to permit overhaul could not be reconciled with the common observation that their [ability] problems were not at their worst then ; it could not both be true that the differential charge would have no effect and that it would have so large an effect in cutting consumption the boards would make losses .

Investment in power stations , to overcome the capacity backlog , was cut relatively little , but the Area Boards ' budgets for 1950 and 1951 were severely pruned , particularly for the building of what were considered frills : new offices , show .
investment in power stations , to overcome the [ability] backlog , was cut relatively little , but the area boards ' budgets for 1950 and 1951 were severely pruned , particularly for the building of what were considered frills : new offices , show .

In fact , Ministers were rarely happy to contemplate the rise in prices which would be necessary to raise the industry 's earnings and its capacity to finance itself , though limited pressure was exerted .
in fact , ministers were rarely happy to contemplate the rise in prices which would be necessary to raise the industry 's earnings and its [ability] to finance itself , though limited pressure was exerted .

Large adjustments downwards required the costly cancellation of contracts ( which the Boards understandably resisted ) , and sheer logistic and managerial problems also limited their capacity quickly to accelerate their planned programmes .
large adjustments downwards required the costly cancellation of contracts ( which the boards understandably resisted ) , and sheer logistic and managerial problems also limited their [ability] quickly to accelerate their planned programmes .

Many older mains also required reinforcement to raise their capacity to match increased demand .
many older mains also required reinforcement to raise their [ability] to match increased demand .

In some cases , for example , to keep within trimmed budgets , Boards had to install mains of too low a capacity to accommodate reasonable expectations of future load growth ( causing greater expense later on ) ; they also retained old vehicles and offices with excessively high running costs to save on capital expenditure .
in some cases , for example , to keep within trimmed budgets , boards had to install mains of too low a [ability] to accommodate reasonable expectations of future load growth ( causing greater expense later on ) ; they also retained old vehicles and offices with excessively high running costs to save on capital expenditure .

Compared with earlier , politically-inspired rural schemes in countries such as France ( with a larger rural vote ) , British rural electricity development was efficiently executed with , generally , lines of adequate capacity , planned zoned development , and the revenue — cost gap eased by a higher consumption than was common overseas .
compared with earlier , politically-inspired rural schemes in countries such as france ( with a larger rural vote ) , british rural electricity development was efficiently executed with , generally , lines of adequate [ability] , planned zoned development , and the revenue — cost gap eased by a higher consumption than was common overseas .

In the early years , they were constrained severely by the shortage of generating capacity and , in many areas , by the low capacity of inherited distribution mains ; though the backlog of investment in both was , by the mid-1950s , being overcome .
in the early years , they were constrained severely by the shortage of generating [ability] and , in many areas , by the low [ability] of inherited distribution mains ; though the backlog of investment in both was , by the mid-1950s , being overcome .

Under a two-part tariff there was a basic standing charge ( aiming to cover costs of servicing the account , connecting supply and providing generating capacity ) and a low charge per kWh of electricity purchased .
under a two-part tariff there was a basic standing charge ( aiming to cover costs of servicing the account , connecting supply and providing generating [ability] ) and a low charge per kwh of electricity purchased .

Another initially important barrier to the spread of appliance use was the limited capacity on the consumers ' side of the terminals .
another initially important barrier to the spread of appliance use was the limited [ability] on the consumers ' side of the terminals .

( It was , of course , the load at peak times which imposed the highest costs on the system , partly because it was then that the least efficient power stations were used for generating , but principally because , since electricity could not be stored , it was the peak load which determined expenditure on new capacity . )
( it was , of course , the load at peak times which imposed the highest costs on the system , partly because it was then that the least efficient power stations were used for generating , but principally because , since electricity could not be stored , it was the peak load which determined expenditure on new [ability] . )

In the extreme case , a consumer who bought a one-bar electric fire for thirty shillings and paid less than a penny per hour for the electricity at peak time , imposed costs on the Electricity Boards of at least £60 for the kW of power station capacity needed to meet the demand .
in the extreme case , a consumer who bought a one-bar electric fire for thirty shillings and paid less than a penny per hour for the electricity at peak time , imposed costs on the electricity boards of at least £60 for the kw of power station [ability] needed to meet the demand .

They generally did not promote the sale of fires through showrooms or canvassers , and in the Eastern Board even banned their sale for several years until the peak capacity shortage eased .
they generally did not promote the sale of fires through showrooms or canvassers , and in the eastern board even banned their sale for several years until the peak [ability] shortage eased .

They sensibly retained a regional fuel cost differential to reflect differing local coal costs , and their two-part bulk supply tariff , based on both a capacity charge per kW of peak demand and a running charge per kWh also sensibly reflected costs .
they sensibly retained a regional fuel cost differential to reflect differing local coal costs , and their two-part bulk supply tariff , based on both a [ability] charge per kw of peak demand and a running charge per kwh also sensibly reflected costs .

The bulk supply capacity charges to Area Boards rose 64 per cent in the first ten years of nationalisation , as the higher postwar investment costs were reflected in the Central Authority 's books ; and running charges were raised by 45 per cent , reflecting the rising cost of coal supplied by the National Coal Board .
the bulk supply [ability] charges to area boards rose 64 per cent in the first ten years of nationalisation , as the higher postwar investment costs were reflected in the central authority 's books ; and running charges were raised by 45 per cent , reflecting the rising cost of coal supplied by the national coal board .

Even in 1948 , this was already a poor proxy for peak demand , but ten years later , when the peak demand of a typical domestic consumer was significantly higher , no adjustment other than increases proportionate to the increased bulk capacity charges had been made .
even in 1948 , this was already a poor proxy for peak demand , but ten years later , when the peak demand of a typical domestic consumer was significantly higher , no adjustment other than increases proportionate to the increased bulk [ability] charges had been made .

Since incremental kWh charges were also increased only in step with the bulk running charge , the Boards were in effect making no charge for any additional capacity necessary to meet the increased domestic sales over that ten-year period .
since incremental kwh charges were also increased only in step with the bulk running charge , the boards were in effect making no charge for any additional [ability] necessary to meet the increased domestic sales over that ten-year period .

In the conditions of capacity shortage which they faced , short-term considerations favoured priority attention to reliability rather than optimising long-term efficiency .
in the conditions of [ability] shortage which they faced , short-term considerations favoured priority attention to reliability rather than optimising long-term efficiency .

In five years , the number of microbreweries has more than doubled and brewing capacity has increased more than fivefold .
in five years , the number of microbreweries has more than doubled and brewing [ability] has increased more than fivefold .

‘ The use of the Queen in a dignified capacity ’ , he wrote coolly , ‘ is incalculable .
‘ the use of the queen in a dignified [ability] ’ , he wrote coolly , ‘ is incalculable .

The modest American goal of a threefold increase in capacity recognises this fact .
the modest american goal of a threefold increase in [ability] recognises this fact .

An article in May 1992 in Waste Age , an American magazine , on landfill capacity in North America , opened with a quotation from a federal official in 1889 : ‘ Appropriate places for [ refuse ] are becoming scarcer year by year , and the question as to some other method of disposal … must soon confront us .
an article in may 1992 in waste age , an american magazine , on landfill [ability] in north america , opened with a quotation from a federal official in 1889 : ‘ appropriate places for [ refuse ] are becoming scarcer year by year , and the question as to some other method of disposal … must soon confront us .

’ The article reported a survey by the National Solid Waste Management Association of the change in landfill capacity over the past five years .
’ the article reported a survey by the national solid waste management association of the change in landfill [ability] over the past five years .

The few states which actually measured what was happening to landfill capacity reported that it was increasing , in some cases because more waste was being diverted to recycling or waste-to-energy plants .
the few states which actually measured what was happening to landfill [ability] reported that it was increasing , in some cases because more waste was being diverted to recycling or waste-to-energy plants .

Of course , the states with good measurements tend to be the ones that had suddenly realised they might run out of capacity , and taken action to avoid that .
of course , the states with good measurements tend to be the ones that had suddenly realised they might run out of [ability] , and taken action to avoid that .

This is partly a matter of technology — more paper mills need to be built with the capacity to take old paper instead of new pulp .
this is partly a matter of technology — more paper mills need to be built with the [ability] to take old paper instead of new pulp .

Germany expects to collect 200,000 tonnes of plastic this year ; it has capacity to reprocess at most 60,000 tonnes .
germany expects to collect 200,000 tonnes of plastic this year ; it has [ability] to reprocess at most 60,000 tonnes .

Second , American industry has much less spare capacity than at the start of previous recoveries .
second , american industry has much less spare [ability] than at the start of previous recoveries .

The Fed estimates that industry is operating at 81.4 % of capacity , not far below the 83 % level above which inflation has historically started to accelerate .
the fed estimates that industry is operating at 81.4 % of [ability] , not far below the 83 % level above which inflation has historically started to accelerate .

The incumbent bailie-depute , a man named Sproull , was not acceptable , for in his other capacity as commissary , Sproull was making life difficult for some of the duke 's friends , notably the duke 's ‘ vassal Dowan , whose son marryed irregularly ’ .
the incumbent bailie-depute , a man named sproull , was not acceptable , for in his other [ability] as commissary , sproull was making life difficult for some of the duke 's friends , notably the duke 's ‘ vassal dowan , whose son marryed irregularly ’ .

The family must demonstrate that it has the capacity to work with its conscious or unconscious feelings of threat from blacks .
the family must demonstrate that it has the [ability] to work with its conscious or unconscious feelings of threat from blacks .

Decisions about management , life-styles and living arrangements , even about educational capacity have been taken by doctors with a consequent decrease in the power of individuals and their families to plan and control their lives .
decisions about management , life-styles and living arrangements , even about educational [ability] have been taken by doctors with a consequent decrease in the power of individuals and their families to plan and control their lives .

In the curriculum framework for students with severe disabilities called Transition to Adulthood , Hutchinson and Tennyson ( 1986 ) acknowledge that , despite the title of their curriculum and their aim of extending choice , their actual capacity to change current opportunities for students on completion of the programme is negligible .
in the curriculum framework for students with severe disabilities called transition to adulthood , hutchinson and tennyson ( 1986 ) acknowledge that , despite the title of their curriculum and their aim of extending choice , their actual [ability] to change current opportunities for students on completion of the programme is negligible .

Community care for Elizabeth and Helen involves an extraordinary network of services which has yet to operate to full capacity and efficiency .
community care for elizabeth and helen involves an extraordinary network of services which has yet to operate to full [ability] and efficiency .

The more permanent way to reduce limitation , however , is to increase capacity — that is to invest time and effort in learning the skills that the job requires so that it can be done more smoothly , more confidently and more speedily .
the more permanent way to reduce limitation , however , is to increase [ability] — that is to invest time and effort in learning the skills that the job requires so that it can be done more smoothly , more confidently and more speedily .

‘ Once we 've upgraded our line 's axle loading and slightly reduced the engine 's water capacity , No. 80064 will enter service as more than a match for any of the trains we are likely to run . ’
‘ once we 've upgraded our line 's axle loading and slightly reduced the engine 's water [ability] , no. 80064 will enter service as more than a match for any of the trains we are likely to run . ’

But he had more craft and policy , more capacity to wait , to present a good face to the world , and to advance step by step towards his goal .
but he had more craft and policy , more [ability] to wait , to present a good face to the world , and to advance step by step towards his goal .

As a younger son he had learnt to be content with small advantages when greater ones were not to be had ; yet he had not lost the capacity for large designs or for rapid action when need arose .
as a younger son he had learnt to be content with small advantages when greater ones were not to be had ; yet he had not lost the [ability] for large designs or for rapid action when need arose .

Whether he would have kept any such agreement is another question , but his capacity for resistance would have been much reduced .
whether he would have kept any such agreement is another question , but his [ability] for resistance would have been much reduced .

Francis Bacon , well known for his capacity to drink nearly everyone under the table , left his friend John Edward , a son of a publican , £10 million in his will , which was published last month
francis bacon , well known for his [ability] to drink nearly everyone under the table , left his friend john edward , a son of a publican , £10 million in his will , which was published last month

The catalogue centres on the public lectures the artist gave in his capacity of Professor of Perspective at the Royal Academy between 1807 and 1837 .
the catalogue centres on the public lectures the artist gave in his [ability] of professor of perspective at the royal academy between 1807 and 1837 .

Working with steel , not as a picture-making element , but as a building material in terms of mass , weight , counterbalance , loadbearing capacity , point load , compression , friction and statics , has been totally divorced from the history of sculpture .
working with steel , not as a picture-making element , but as a building material in terms of mass , weight , counterbalance , loadbearing [ability] , point load , compression , friction and statics , has been totally divorced from the history of sculpture .

But Lewis 's fiction Till We Have Faces ( 1956 ) is the outcome of a private dream that haunted him for decades , based on the ancient myth of Cupid and Psyche , though it outpaces at times his capacity to tell .
but lewis 's fiction till we have faces ( 1956 ) is the outcome of a private dream that haunted him for decades , based on the ancient myth of cupid and psyche , though it outpaces at times his [ability] to tell .

He therefore ensures that the orang population within his home range is kept below its carrying capacity .
he therefore ensures that the orang population within his home range is kept below its carrying [ability] .

Whether or not early retirement and high unemployment continue , however , they should not blind us to the need to consider other factors which influence our capacity to care for dependent populations .
whether or not early retirement and high unemployment continue , however , they should not blind us to the need to consider other factors which influence our [ability] to care for dependent populations .

Medical research led the way in fostering the belief both in individual capacity and in community responsibility for it .
medical research led the way in fostering the belief both in individual [ability] and in community responsibility for it .

Furthermore , the growing tendency to withdraw from economic activity at a specific chronological age ( 60/65 ) , regardless of physiological condition and cognitive capacity , reinforced the attention paid to the ageing demographic structure of the country .
furthermore , the growing tendency to withdraw from economic activity at a specific chronological age ( 60/65 ) , regardless of physiological condition and cognitive [ability] , reinforced the attention paid to the ageing demographic structure of the country .

The Foundation 's Annual Report for 1946 outlined its policy on the aged poor : ‘ As machines replace muscles as the motive force , the possibilities of extending useful employment could bring new purpose and new hope to those who have reluctantly accustomed themselves to being a burden ’ ( p. 47 ) In that year the Foundation founded the Nuffield Research Unit into Problems of Ageing , at the University of Cambridge , with the purpose of studying ‘ those changes of human performance in middle and old age likely to have a bearing upon capacity for work in industry ’ ( Nuffield Foundation 1953b : 160 ) , a ten-year project .
the foundation 's annual report for 1946 outlined its policy on the aged poor : ‘ as machines replace muscles as the motive force , the possibilities of extending useful employment could bring new purpose and new hope to those who have reluctantly accustomed themselves to being a burden ’ ( p. 47 ) in that year the foundation founded the nuffield research unit into problems of ageing , at the university of cambridge , with the purpose of studying ‘ those changes of human performance in middle and old age likely to have a bearing upon [ability] for work in industry ’ ( nuffield foundation 1953b : 160 ) , a ten-year project .

Realization of how little was known about the likely effects of this demographic change led to the production of the first substantial body of data in this country on the experience of ageing in industry and on the relationship of work capacity to ageing : a highly polemical debate received some empirical clothing .
realization of how little was known about the likely effects of this demographic change led to the production of the first substantial body of data in this country on the experience of ageing in industry and on the relationship of work [ability] to ageing : a highly polemical debate received some empirical clothing .

Ageing and work capacity — the arguments
ageing and work [ability] — the arguments

Its main conclusions were that while there were major changes in capacity with age , in particular in mental capacity , which affected the employability of an individual , these could all be overcome to varying degrees by an alteration in the work environment .
its main conclusions were that while there were major changes in [ability] with age , in particular in mental [ability] , which affected the employability of an individual , these could all be overcome to varying degrees by an alteration in the work environment .

Changes in these supply and demand factors depend on the physical and mental capacity of individuals for work and the requirements of employment , but also on the personal choice of individuals , the marginal productivity of other groups in the labour market , the flexibility of remuneration schemes , and institutional factors such as pension-scheme regulations .
changes in these supply and demand factors depend on the physical and mental [ability] of individuals for work and the requirements of employment , but also on the personal choice of individuals , the marginal productivity of other groups in the labour market , the flexibility of remuneration schemes , and institutional factors such as pension-scheme regulations .

It seems likely that improvements in the health and work capacity of the elderly population over the last eighty years have more than compensated for any putative increase in the physical and mental demands of employment ; if so , rising retirement rates may reflect a decrease in the demand for the labour of elderly workers over a period in which their employment capacity has risen .
it seems likely that improvements in the health and work [ability] of the elderly population over the last eighty years have more than compensated for any putative increase in the physical and mental demands of employment ; if so , rising retirement rates may reflect a decrease in the demand for the labour of elderly workers over a period in which their employment [ability] has risen .

There is no theoretical reason to suppose that a transition from labour market income to state benefit income induces the onset of dependency : indeed , logically the reverse should happen , as individuals shift from being dependent on finding employment in the labour market , to being in receipt of an independent income guaranteed by the taxable capacity of the state .
there is no theoretical reason to suppose that a transition from labour market income to state benefit income induces the onset of dependency : indeed , logically the reverse should happen , as individuals shift from being dependent on finding employment in the labour market , to being in receipt of an independent income guaranteed by the taxable [ability] of the state .

In terms of their income , they are less dependent on the vagaries of the labour market , since the major part of their income today is guaranteed by the taxable capacity of the state , and is paid to them as a right .
in terms of their income , they are less dependent on the vagaries of the labour market , since the major part of their income today is guaranteed by the taxable [ability] of the state , and is paid to them as a right .

As Townsend ( 1981 ) noted , retirement at pensionable age is now much more rigidly enforced , and ‘ old age pensioners ’ are assumed to have an economic-activity status very different from those of ‘ working age ’ , irrespective of their state of health or capacity for work .
as townsend ( 1981 ) noted , retirement at pensionable age is now much more rigidly enforced , and ‘ old age pensioners ’ are assumed to have an economic-activity status very different from those of ‘ working age ’ , irrespective of their state of health or [ability] for work .

Elderly people 's ‘ need ’ for support is difficult to measure directly , but a reasonable indicator can be obtained by asking them about their capacity to perform a range of daily living activities and self-care tasks , and about their mobility .
elderly people 's ‘ need ’ for support is difficult to measure directly , but a reasonable indicator can be obtained by asking them about their [ability] to perform a range of daily living activities and self-care tasks , and about their mobility .

That an event could provide such top quality entertainment and performances , enthralling a capacity 30,000 crowd throughout the 45 tries over two days , speaks volumes for the success of the formula .
that an event could provide such top quality entertainment and performances , enthralling a [ability] 30,000 crowd throughout the 45 tries over two days , speaks volumes for the success of the formula .

The bulldozers moved in immediately after this year 's Hong Kong Sevens to dismantle the old Government Stadium ( capacity 28,000 ) .
the bulldozers moved in immediately after this year 's hong kong sevens to dismantle the old government stadium ( [ability] 28,000 ) .

Out of a crop of precocious back division talent to whom Scotland will looking in the not-too-distant future , Gregor Peter John Townsend , who will not be 19 until April 26 , presents an amalgam of skill , pace and learning capacity that mark him as one of specially exciting potential .
out of a crop of precocious back division talent to whom scotland will looking in the not-too-distant future , gregor peter john townsend , who will not be 19 until april 26 , presents an amalgam of skill , pace and learning [ability] that mark him as one of specially exciting potential .

Patrice Haguellar , who used to coach Noah and Leconte in a private capacity , and who is now France 's National Coach , is a realist who looks upon the 1992 campaign as ‘ … a new challenge ’
patrice haguellar , who used to coach noah and leconte in a private [ability] , and who is now france 's national coach , is a realist who looks upon the 1992 campaign as ‘ … a new challenge ’

Greg Brittenham , from the National Institute of Fitness and Sport , coached Courier in running drills and discovered that the aerobic capacity Courier possessed was similar to marathon runners .
greg brittenham , from the national institute of fitness and sport , coached courier in running drills and discovered that the aerobic [ability] courier possessed was similar to marathon runners .

What 's his official capacity on this tour ?
what 's his official [ability] on this tour ?

Weirdness abounds in their pseudo-hardcore outbursts , a sound which , like Verve , has the capacity to amaze and upset in equal measures .
weirdness abounds in their pseudo-hardcore outbursts , a sound which , like verve , has the [ability] to amaze and upset in equal measures .

Come 's manager has a guest list that alone exceeds normal capacity ; quite how one is to witness a band to their best advantage in such conditions is hard to fathom .
come 's manager has a guest list that alone exceeds normal [ability] ; quite how one is to witness a band to their best advantage in such conditions is hard to fathom .

With respect to goods purchased from a non owner , this rule has been construed by the Swiss Supreme Court to mean that ‘ whenever the circumstances raise doubts as to the quality of the seller , the purchaser may no longer content himself with the mere appearance constituted by possession ; the purchaser must enquire into the seller 's capacity to convey property right ’ .
with respect to goods purchased from a non owner , this rule has been construed by the swiss supreme court to mean that ‘ whenever the circumstances raise doubts as to the quality of the seller , the purchaser may no longer content himself with the mere appearance constituted by possession ; the purchaser must enquire into the seller 's [ability] to convey property right ’ .

Joni is also exceptional in his capacity to make an object look convincingly old .
joni is also exceptional in his [ability] to make an object look convincingly old .

With an estimated 14,500 aircraft visiting the Convention during its week long run , Wittman 's 6 mile flightline is crammed to capacity , and yet everything is in a controlled , orderly environment .
with an estimated 14,500 aircraft visiting the convention during its week long run , wittman 's 6 mile flightline is crammed to [ability] , and yet everything is in a controlled , orderly environment .

The report concluded ‘ the capacity of the catapult is at present somewhat restricted , and other mechanical means of launching aircraft may have to be adopted by force of circumstance unless in the meantime aircraft designers find new means of lessening the length of take-off required ’ .
the report concluded ‘ the [ability] of the catapult is at present somewhat restricted , and other mechanical means of launching aircraft may have to be adopted by force of circumstance unless in the meantime aircraft designers find new means of lessening the length of take-off required ’ .

He admired in particular the durability of the man , and his capacity to absorb succinctly presented detail , and his ability for work .
he admired in particular the durability of the man , and his [ability] to absorb succinctly presented detail , and his ability for work .

Even then progress is slowed to a snail 's pace , and the capacity for logical judgement is also impaired .
even then progress is slowed to a snail 's pace , and the [ability] for logical judgement is also impaired .

This was mainly due to the ‘ dilution ’ of coal gas by carburated water gas ( thus reducing its lifting capacity ) and the need to lift greater payloads , including motive power units , in addition to people .
this was mainly due to the ‘ dilution ’ of coal gas by carburated water gas ( thus reducing its lifting [ability] ) and the need to lift greater payloads , including motive power units , in addition to people .

Equally , for the regenerate , free agency effectively imposed the duty of good works in the world ; they had the capacity to overcome ‘ the pleadings of passion or inclination ’ or interest and act in accord with God 's wishes .
equally , for the regenerate , free agency effectively imposed the duty of good works in the world ; they had the [ability] to overcome ‘ the pleadings of passion or inclination ’ or interest and act in accord with god 's wishes .

Abolition was to be a vindication of the capacity of parliament to bring about nationally agreed change in difficult times .
abolition was to be a vindication of the [ability] of parliament to bring about nationally agreed change in difficult times .

In the Renaissance , which began in Italy in the fifteenth century , ancient art and literature began to be rediscovered with a freshness which inspired a new confidence in man 's capacity to enquire into and understand the past as it had really been , and a desire to emulate its achievements for himself .
in the renaissance , which began in italy in the fifteenth century , ancient art and literature began to be rediscovered with a freshness which inspired a new confidence in man 's [ability] to enquire into and understand the past as it had really been , and a desire to emulate its achievements for himself .

It did not only transform the political and military map : by the destruction which it wrought , unparalleled in previous human history in its scale , it hurled a black question mark against the confidence in the onward and upward progress of Christian civilisation which had so strongly characterised Liberal Theology , and forced the bitter question whether the advanced theological thought of the nineteenth century as a whole had not been far too unaware of the darker side of human nature , too optimistic about innate human capacity for good , too willing to take contemporary culture at its own high evaluation of itself , and overall too disposed to take God for granted , and to assume that he was somehow simply ‘ given ’ in what it regarded as the highest ethical , spiritual and religious values of mankind .
it did not only transform the political and military map : by the destruction which it wrought , unparalleled in previous human history in its scale , it hurled a black question mark against the confidence in the onward and upward progress of christian civilisation which had so strongly characterised liberal theology , and forced the bitter question whether the advanced theological thought of the nineteenth century as a whole had not been far too unaware of the darker side of human nature , too optimistic about innate human [ability] for good , too willing to take contemporary culture at its own high evaluation of itself , and overall too disposed to take god for granted , and to assume that he was somehow simply ‘ given ’ in what it regarded as the highest ethical , spiritual and religious values of mankind .

These questions have lost nothing of their force in the decades since 1914 as subsequent conflicts have contributed their own appalling demonstration of man 's capacity for inhumanity , and as a new sensitivity has developed to the dilemmas facing the human race and to the degree of inequality and injustice in human affairs in general .
these questions have lost nothing of their force in the decades since 1914 as subsequent conflicts have contributed their own appalling demonstration of man 's [ability] for inhumanity , and as a new sensitivity has developed to the dilemmas facing the human race and to the degree of inequality and injustice in human affairs in general .

Therefore we must not speak as if there were any ‘ capacity ’ in fallen human nature to receive or prepare for God by itself .
therefore we must not speak as if there were any ‘ [ability] ’ in fallen human nature to receive or prepare for god by itself .

This means a shed full of aquariums and two ponds interconnected with each other with a total water capacity of around 2000 gallons .
this means a shed full of aquariums and two ponds interconnected with each other with a total water [ability] of around 2000 gallons .

These units claim a large water capacity radiation chamber , an entry inlet that creates turbulence to wash the water around the tube more thoroughly and a purpose-built outer casing that is extremely durable and in terms of outdoor use waterproof .
these units claim a large water [ability] radiation chamber , an entry inlet that creates turbulence to wash the water around the tube more thoroughly and a purpose-built outer casing that is extremely durable and in terms of outdoor use waterproof .

On February 11th , the Diocesan Shrine of Our Lady of Lourdes , Blackpool , was filled to capacity , when Bishop Foley , in the absence of Bishop Brewer , offered the annual Mass in honour of Our Lady of Lourdes , patroness of the Diocese and of the Shrine .
on february 11th , the diocesan shrine of our lady of lourdes , blackpool , was filled to [ability] , when bishop foley , in the absence of bishop brewer , offered the annual mass in honour of our lady of lourdes , patroness of the diocese and of the shrine .

Bishop Kelly wrote in his capacity as chair of the Bishops ' Conference Committee for International Justice and Peace .
bishop kelly wrote in his [ability] as chair of the bishops ' conference committee for international justice and peace .

The essence of showmanship had become the capacity to build up from one 's regular audience , to bring in whole families , to attract women and children , to win over religious families who were normally against organized entertainment , to convince trade unionists and the politically active that a moment 's respite was harmless enough , and to convince the respectable and well-to-do that a visit to the movies was not a disgraceful act .
the essence of showmanship had become the [ability] to build up from one 's regular audience , to bring in whole families , to attract women and children , to win over religious families who were normally against organized entertainment , to convince trade unionists and the politically active that a moment 's respite was harmless enough , and to convince the respectable and well-to-do that a visit to the movies was not a disgraceful act .

It was above all his Dickensian capacity to take in social detail as part of a social sense that need not be political that Griffith really passed on to the American motion-picture industry .
it was above all his dickensian [ability] to take in social detail as part of a social sense that need not be political that griffith really passed on to the american motion-picture industry .

Despite the early view that deaf children are poorer in short-term memory tasks than hearing children , Conrad ( 1979 ) has shown that if proper controls are exerted deaf children 's memory capacity is no different from that of hearing children .
despite the early view that deaf children are poorer in short-term memory tasks than hearing children , conrad ( 1979 ) has shown that if proper controls are exerted deaf children 's memory [ability] is no different from that of hearing children .

This final item reduces the amount of recall because it occupies coding capacity which is normally occupied by the list of items .
this final item reduces the amount of recall because it occupies coding [ability] which is normally occupied by the list of items .

This may seem rather unlikely in the very limited capacity loop in the model and may simply be a fraction of semantic memory .
this may seem rather unlikely in the very limited [ability] loop in the model and may simply be a fraction of semantic memory .

In summarising the factors which lead them to believe in mainstreaming , Hegarty , Pocklington and Lucas ( 1981 ) return to attitudinal variables and cite the ‘ enthusiasm of the headteacher ’ and his ‘ capacity to enlist the cooperation of staff ’ as key features .
in summarising the factors which lead them to believe in mainstreaming , hegarty , pocklington and lucas ( 1981 ) return to attitudinal variables and cite the ‘ enthusiasm of the headteacher ’ and his ‘ [ability] to enlist the cooperation of staff ’ as key features .

At the heart of the tool is a two-stroke single-cylinder engine of 21.2cc capacity .
at the heart of the tool is a two-stroke single-cylinder engine of 21.2cc [ability] .

The capacity and speed of optoelectronics make it an ideal means for simplifying switching and routing with optical networking a possibility for perhaps 10 years time — a prospect that researchers from University College are currently co-researching with British Telecommunications Plc in Harlow .
the [ability] and speed of optoelectronics make it an ideal means for simplifying switching and routing with optical networking a possibility for perhaps 10 years time — a prospect that researchers from university college are currently co-researching with british telecommunications plc in harlow .

This applies particularly to routines and repetitive work where the main operator limitation is not capacity or skill but stamina .
this applies particularly to routines and repetitive work where the main operator limitation is not [ability] or skill but stamina .

Thus we can normally expect a mature mind in a person at work and although developmental processes of growth and senescence are of some interest , studies of the person working usually assume that we are dealing with a mind which is equipped with the basic skills derived from play and education but one which has not been subject to any serious diminution of capacity .
thus we can normally expect a mature mind in a person at work and although developmental processes of growth and senescence are of some interest , studies of the person working usually assume that we are dealing with a mind which is equipped with the basic skills derived from play and education but one which has not been subject to any serious diminution of [ability] .

It is useful to discriminate between a capacity which is a natural endowment and an ability which is a competence to act .
it is useful to discriminate between a [ability] which is a natural endowment and an ability which is a competence to act .

Ability and capacity are often confused for several reasons .
ability and [ability] are often confused for several reasons .

This may seem to be a gloomy picture but it must be noted that , in relation to work , age is not a large aspect of individual differences compared with natural endowment , and that increases in ability can more than compensate for small decreases in capacity .
this may seem to be a gloomy picture but it must be noted that , in relation to work , age is not a large aspect of individual differences compared with natural endowment , and that increases in ability can more than compensate for small decreases in [ability] .

Other early studies of memory attempted to measure capacity by data such as the length of a number series which could be accurately reproduced after one presentation .
other early studies of memory attempted to measure [ability] by data such as the length of a number series which could be accurately reproduced after one presentation .

One dubious consequence is that the short-term memory , of limited capacity compared with the virtually infinite capacity of long-term memory , is conceived as the internal stage on which exhibits from the store are manipulated .
one dubious consequence is that the short-term memory , of limited [ability] compared with the virtually infinite [ability] of long-term memory , is conceived as the internal stage on which exhibits from the store are manipulated .

The capacity and flexibility of desk-top computers is now such that the optimal sharing of processing , storage and presentation of material between computer and operator may well be quite different from the traditional combination of human memory and material on paper .
the [ability] and flexibility of desk-top computers is now such that the optimal sharing of processing , storage and presentation of material between computer and operator may well be quite different from the traditional combination of human memory and material on paper .

Overall , the view that blacks ' success in certain sports is not chiselled out of hard work , determination and perseverance , but out of a somewhat intangible capacity called ‘ natural ability ’ holds sway amongst coaches , managers and even amongst athletes themselves .
overall , the view that blacks ' success in certain sports is not chiselled out of hard work , determination and perseverance , but out of a somewhat intangible [ability] called ‘ natural ability ’ holds sway amongst coaches , managers and even amongst athletes themselves .

The absence of black swimmers is explained by Kane as the result of such factors as bone and muscle density , distribution of fat and small lung capacity .
the absence of black swimmers is explained by kane as the result of such factors as bone and muscle density , distribution of fat and small lung [ability] .

In this category , blacks have a greater capacity than whites for remaining relaxed under pressure .
in this category , blacks have a greater [ability] than whites for remaining relaxed under pressure .

An ordinary-looking leather bag with 4 GCs inside it is actually a Bag of Lightness ( capacity 1300 Enc ) with a note inside ( Handout 2 ) .
an ordinary-looking leather bag with 4 gcs inside it is actually a bag of lightness ( [ability] 1300 enc ) with a note inside ( handout 2 ) .

The reasons for this decentralising movement towards the growth of workplace bargaining activity in Western European countries have been in part economic , as a result of generally high employment and continuous economic growth in the post-war years to the mid-1970s along with a varying capacity to pay of separate employers .
the reasons for this decentralising movement towards the growth of workplace bargaining activity in western european countries have been in part economic , as a result of generally high employment and continuous economic growth in the post-war years to the mid-1970s along with a varying [ability] to pay of separate employers .

Similarly in Germany , industry-wide agreements ( especially in boom periods ) were unable to exhaust the capacity to pay of prosperous firms .
similarly in germany , industry-wide agreements ( especially in boom periods ) were unable to exhaust the [ability] to pay of prosperous firms .

It has been claimed that company-level bargaining has advantages over , and is presumptively more efficient than , industry-wide bargaining in that wages can be related directly to the firm 's performance , profitability and capacity to pay ( Ulman , 1974a ) .
it has been claimed that company-level bargaining has advantages over , and is presumptively more efficient than , industry-wide bargaining in that wages can be related directly to the firm 's performance , profitability and [ability] to pay ( ulman , 1974a ) .

He was a field marshal and , when acting in his military capacity as Inspector General of the Imperial forces , his wife could accompany him in public .
he was a field marshal and , when acting in his military [ability] as inspector general of the imperial forces , his wife could accompany him in public .

The value of aircraft in this capacity was , in fact , at once proved , when the Royal Flying Corps monitored the German offensive in August .
the value of aircraft in this [ability] was , in fact , at once proved , when the royal flying corps monitored the german offensive in august .

Burton 's devil was a terrible and limitless sense of driving pleasure : it was fuelled by awesome capacity and the hunger of those who can not believe that such fortune will not vanish before their appetite is appeased .
burton 's devil was a terrible and limitless sense of driving pleasure : it was fuelled by awesome [ability] and the hunger of those who can not believe that such fortune will not vanish before their appetite is appeased .

It was his strength that he was never to lose that capacity to measure everything against his past — however much others might sneer at it .
it was his strength that he was never to lose that [ability] to measure everything against his past — however much others might sneer at it .

Initial impressions are of a heavy tool ( 5.2kg ) , thanks to the motor size , with a very solid , compact feel , although the Skil is actually not that large a machine for its capacity .
initial impressions are of a heavy tool ( 5.2kg ) , thanks to the motor size , with a very solid , compact feel , although the skil is actually not that large a machine for its [ability] .

It was not only in Communist Romania that the leaders of the Party quickly adapted their lifestyles to their capacity to exploit the state .
it was not only in communist romania that the leaders of the party quickly adapted their lifestyles to their [ability] to exploit the state .

From the Securitate 's point of view , belief in the omnipresence of its surveillance was often as important as the actual capacity to intercept everybody 's telephone calls .
from the securitate 's point of view , belief in the omnipresence of its surveillance was often as important as the actual [ability] to intercept everybody 's telephone calls .

Using money borrowed from Western banks , Ceauşescu embarked on building an oil-refining capacity three times greater than Romania 's domestic production of oil .
using money borrowed from western banks , ceauşescu embarked on building an oil-refining [ability] three times greater than romania 's domestic production of oil .

At the same time as Stalin had appeared to fulfil the potential of Lenin 's thinking by achieving the subordination of humanity to a single will , the uncertain capacity of the system to eternalize its Great Leader of the moment was also evident .
at the same time as stalin had appeared to fulfil the potential of lenin 's thinking by achieving the subordination of humanity to a single will , the uncertain [ability] of the system to eternalize its great leader of the moment was also evident .

speaking and listening — with one attainment target ; the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose ;
speaking and listening — with one attainment target ; the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the [ability] to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose ;

The evening services are also packed to capacity with a thrilling atmosphere of worship and sense of God 's presence .
the evening services are also packed to [ability] with a thrilling atmosphere of worship and sense of god 's presence .

On each of the six nights the auditorium was packed to capacity with a seating of 1,500 .
on each of the six nights the auditorium was packed to [ability] with a seating of 1,500 .

The Mission finished with a united service in York Minster which again was packed to capacity .
the mission finished with a united service in york minster which again was packed to [ability] .

larger capacity machines which take off as much as 3mm per pass are more expensive , and are only really worth the money if you are a professional .
larger [ability] machines which take off as much as 3mm per pass are more expensive , and are only really worth the money if you are a professional .

The foregoing illustrations emphasise problems of interpretation across cultures , however much of the teaching of Scripture is so plain and obvious that no great intellectual capacity or specialist training is required .
the foregoing illustrations emphasise problems of interpretation across cultures , however much of the teaching of scripture is so plain and obvious that no great intellectual [ability] or specialist training is required .

Unless the inviting church can show that it has the capacity within itself to attract and retain the outsider , it is unlikely to do so as the result of a brief visit from an itinerant evangelist , no matter how gifted .
unless the inviting church can show that it has the [ability] within itself to attract and retain the outsider , it is unlikely to do so as the result of a brief visit from an itinerant evangelist , no matter how gifted .

The capacity for motherhood is a capacity for transformation ; by accepting new life within our bodies , allowing it to grow , giving birth to it and rearing it , we ourselves are irrevocably changed .
the [ability] for motherhood is a [ability] for transformation ; by accepting new life within our bodies , allowing it to grow , giving birth to it and rearing it , we ourselves are irrevocably changed .

The artist Jacqueline Black has led a career that shows , perhaps more radically than many , the necessity and capacity to adapt in order to raise a family and work as a professional artist .
the artist jacqueline black has led a career that shows , perhaps more radically than many , the necessity and [ability] to adapt in order to raise a family and work as a professional artist .

The act was widely seen as a direct challenge to local representational democracy , and revealed much about the capacity of labourism to respond to perceived threats to its authority .
the act was widely seen as a direct challenge to local representational democracy , and revealed much about the [ability] of labourism to respond to perceived threats to its authority .

Despite his aspirations to poetry , he became better-known as a prose writer in his minutes and despatches as a statesman , for ‘ Owen Meredith ’ , better known to history as Edward Robert Bulwer Lytton , first Earl of Lytton ( 1831–91 ) , became a distinguished diplomat , the climax of his career coming in 1876–80 when he served as Viceroy of India and in that capacity proclaimed Queen Victoria as Empress at Delhi in 1877 .
despite his aspirations to poetry , he became better-known as a prose writer in his minutes and despatches as a statesman , for ‘ owen meredith ’ , better known to history as edward robert bulwer lytton , first earl of lytton ( 1831–91 ) , became a distinguished diplomat , the climax of his career coming in 1876–80 when he served as viceroy of india and in that [ability] proclaimed queen victoria as empress at delhi in 1877 .

This was produced in Baskerville 's capacity as printer to Cambridge University , an office he held for ten years .
this was produced in baskerville 's [ability] as printer to cambridge university , an office he held for ten years .

Whichever way his tastes lie , and whatever the capacity of his purse and his bookshelves , it is certain that no other single work offers to the collector such variety of choice , experience and discovery as four and a half centuries of the book of which Lord Chief Justice Sir Matthew Hale ( 1609–76 ) wrote to one of his sons who had just recovered from smallpox :
whichever way his tastes lie , and whatever the [ability] of his purse and his bookshelves , it is certain that no other single work offers to the collector such variety of choice , experience and discovery as four and a half centuries of the book of which lord chief justice sir matthew hale ( 1609–76 ) wrote to one of his sons who had just recovered from smallpox :

However , in some intra-state conflicts local elites may have the legal and administrative expertise and capacity to ignore or alter central elite policies , though for limited periods .
however , in some intra-state conflicts local elites may have the legal and administrative expertise and [ability] to ignore or alter central elite policies , though for limited periods .

Elite theorists are preoccupied with the state 's capacity to adapt to its environment , its steering capacity , and its control of its subjects .
elite theorists are preoccupied with the state 's [ability] to adapt to its environment , its steering [ability] , and its control of its subjects .

Dominant social elites are not made up simply of capitalists , but also include managers and professionals , whose power rests upon their capacity to exclude others from their property , whether material or intellectual .
dominant social elites are not made up simply of capitalists , but also include managers and professionals , whose power rests upon their [ability] to exclude others from their property , whether material or intellectual .

If only to improve the international capacity of their state and society to engage in economic , military and diplomatic competition , state elites have institutional interests in expanded welfare services and military — industrial complexes , which in turn give an impetus to the accelerated growth of state personnel , tasks and technologies .
if only to improve the international [ability] of their state and society to engage in economic , military and diplomatic competition , state elites have institutional interests in expanded welfare services and military — industrial complexes , which in turn give an impetus to the accelerated growth of state personnel , tasks and technologies .

Strong state elites may pursue corporatist modes of policy-making because they recognize that their capacity to steer the modern expanded state is enhanced if they can incorporate the expertise and legitimacy available from major functional blocs .
strong state elites may pursue corporatist modes of policy-making because they recognize that their [ability] to steer the modern expanded state is enhanced if they can incorporate the expertise and legitimacy available from major functional blocs .

It can also be used as a capacity planning and resource management tool .
it can also be used as a [ability] planning and resource management tool .

Junod was particularly struck by the behaviour expected of people in their capacity as ‘ sister 's son ’ or ‘ mother 's brother ’ .
junod was particularly struck by the behaviour expected of people in their [ability] as ‘ sister 's son ’ or ‘ mother 's brother ’ .

Witches , in contrast , do not need any of these aids ; their power consists in their own innate psychic capacity to cause harm .
witches , in contrast , do not need any of these aids ; their power consists in their own innate psychic [ability] to cause harm .

Zande consider that this innate capacity has its seat in a distinct physical organ within the witch 's stomach .
zande consider that this innate [ability] has its seat in a distinct physical organ within the witch 's stomach .

Control is the capacity to alter objects and to determine experience .
control is the [ability] to alter objects and to determine experience .

The fact that the two hospitals were less than three miles apart , that they had a combined acreage of 375 acres , that they were outmoded from the point of view of treatment , and that both had ‘ spare capacity ’ because of the continued decline in the long-stay population meant that there was much to be gained from merger .
the fact that the two hospitals were less than three miles apart , that they had a combined acreage of 375 acres , that they were outmoded from the point of view of treatment , and that both had ‘ spare [ability] ’ because of the continued decline in the long-stay population meant that there was much to be gained from merger .

In the case of Camden and Islington , the authority did have good officers , and they did have the capacity to plan for a future district based provision .
in the case of camden and islington , the authority did have good officers , and they did have the [ability] to plan for a future district based provision .

Somerset , New Jersey-based , Programmed Logic Corp has released a transparent file compression package for the Intel Corp iAPX- 86-based Unix personal computer market : the Desktop File System is a plug-and-play file system which compresses data before storing it on disk , doubling the disk capacity of laptops , desktops , and notebook computers running a Unix operating system , the company says . Prices start at $250. +1 908 302 0090
somerset , new jersey-based , programmed logic corp has released a transparent file compression package for the intel corp iapx- 86-based unix personal computer market : the desktop file system is a plug-and-play file system which compresses data before storing it on disk , doubling the disk [ability] of laptops , desktops , and notebook computers running a unix operating system , the company says . prices start at $250. +1 908 302 0090

The companies said Kalpana-designed EtherSwitch technology can multiply Sun 's server-to-server and server-to-network capacity by providing multiple dedicated 10Mbps connections to each Sun server or workgroup .
the companies said kalpana-designed etherswitch technology can multiply sun 's server-to-server and server-to-network [ability] by providing multiple dedicated 10mbps connections to each sun server or workgroup .

The 50 ton capacity Craven Steam Crane was restored to working order following acquisition from British Rail , and it has already proved its worth in moving signals , and a footbridge on the line , and to re-rail a locomotive .
the 50 ton [ability] craven steam crane was restored to working order following acquisition from british rail , and it has already proved its worth in moving signals , and a footbridge on the line , and to re-rail a locomotive .

Without such protection , the West 's capacity to check human rights abuses was ‘ greatly diminished ’ .
without such protection , the west 's [ability] to check human rights abuses was ‘ greatly diminished ’ .

Giannis Tzortsos is a Jehovah 's Witness , whose religious beliefs do not permit him to serve in the armed forces in any capacity .
giannis tzortsos is a jehovah 's witness , whose religious beliefs do not permit him to serve in the armed forces in any [ability] .

The Class 40 was popular with most trains running to capacity .
the class 40 was popular with most trains running to [ability] .

The capacity to understand the business and information needs of clients and to structure appropriate solutions is essential .
the [ability] to understand the business and information needs of clients and to structure appropriate solutions is essential .

Capacity Planning Analyst
[ability] planning analyst

Much depends on the sheer credibility of special needs teachers , their perceived capacity to offer support and advice and , where necessary , direct , practical help .
much depends on the sheer credibility of special needs teachers , their perceived [ability] to offer support and advice and , where necessary , direct , practical help .

More explicitly , visual functioning is determined by the experiences , motivations , needs and expectation of each individual in relation to whatever visual capacity is available to satisfy curiosity and accomplish activities for personal satisfaction .
more explicitly , visual functioning is determined by the experiences , motivations , needs and expectation of each individual in relation to whatever visual [ability] is available to satisfy curiosity and accomplish activities for personal satisfaction .

‘ Peering close ’ is often looked upon as a sign of excellent accommodation capacity .
‘ peering close ’ is often looked upon as a sign of excellent accommodation [ability] .

Even simple activities , such as the right way to hold and use a pair of scissors , may need to be shown to a pupil with very poor vision , not because it is beyond the child 's capacity , but because defective vision may make it difficult to see exactly how to manipulate utensils and objects without precise demonstration on how to do so .
even simple activities , such as the right way to hold and use a pair of scissors , may need to be shown to a pupil with very poor vision , not because it is beyond the child 's [ability] , but because defective vision may make it difficult to see exactly how to manipulate utensils and objects without precise demonstration on how to do so .

Bear in mind that all dogs are individuals , and just because a previous dog learnt a command quickly , this does not mean that every individual has the same capacity .
bear in mind that all dogs are individuals , and just because a previous dog learnt a command quickly , this does not mean that every individual has the same [ability] .

The idea of human nature and sociality as innate capacity
the idea of human nature and sociality as innate [ability]

Among these may be listed the capacity for co-operative behaviour and the capacity for uncooperative , competitive action ( both conceptual and physical ) .
among these may be listed the [ability] for co-operative behaviour and the [ability] for uncooperative , competitive action ( both conceptual and physical ) .

The important point to stress is that humans appear to possess an innate capacity for finding common cause in a great number of cultural activities , a capacity Carrithers in this volume calls ‘ sociality ’ .
the important point to stress is that humans appear to possess an innate [ability] for finding common cause in a great number of cultural activities , a [ability] carrithers in this volume calls ‘ sociality ’ .

Such a capacity would not explain the specific instances of human sociocultural arrangements in their immense variety — that could only be done by reference to local histories , local circumstances , and local causes but it could explain how such a range and history of variation was possible at all .
such a [ability] would not explain the specific instances of human sociocultural arrangements in their immense variety — that could only be done by reference to local histories , local circumstances , and local causes but it could explain how such a range and history of variation was possible at all .

They argue , from the evidence of infant behaviour , that Homo sapiens is born with the capacity to participate in the collective understanding ; to learn the meanings of his/her particular culture .
they argue , from the evidence of infant behaviour , that homo sapiens is born with the [ability] to participate in the collective understanding ; to learn the meanings of his/her particular culture .

It may perhaps have been valid in the past to dichotomize theoretical stances into endogenous ( formulated in terms of what is natural to humans ) and exogenous ( formulated in terms of sociocultural factors ) ( Heelas 1983 ) ; but many biologists today think that there is a built-in capacity for change through learning capable of giving directive impulses for change .
it may perhaps have been valid in the past to dichotomize theoretical stances into endogenous ( formulated in terms of what is natural to humans ) and exogenous ( formulated in terms of sociocultural factors ) ( heelas 1983 ) ; but many biologists today think that there is a built-in [ability] for change through learning capable of giving directive impulses for change .

We accept the fundamental premiss argued by Carrithers , and Trevarthen and Logotheti that sociality is an innate and necessary capacity in humans .
we accept the fundamental premiss argued by carrithers , and trevarthen and logotheti that sociality is an innate and necessary [ability] in humans .

The association between fortitude and capacity for violence is absent in the Buid concept of isug , present to a certain extent in the Tagalog concept of tapang , and quite clear in the English concept of bravery .
the association between fortitude and [ability] for violence is absent in the buid concept of isug , present to a certain extent in the tagalog concept of tapang , and quite clear in the english concept of bravery .

The Buid have as much of a capacity for violent behaviour as the members of any other society .
the buid have as much of a [ability] for violent behaviour as the members of any other society .

What is interesting is that this capacity is not developed , or its exercise rewarded in Buid society .
what is interesting is that this [ability] is not developed , or its exercise rewarded in buid society .

It is a compulsive stop for cars and coaches , the large parking places on the roadside often being taxed to capacity , but despite the inevitable crowds , Eilean Donan should be on the itinerary of all who pass this way .
it is a compulsive stop for cars and coaches , the large parking places on the roadside often being taxed to [ability] , but despite the inevitable crowds , eilean donan should be on the itinerary of all who pass this way .

It ran as the first service of the day with one brake coach and was full to capacity on both operating days .
it ran as the first service of the day with one brake coach and was full to [ability] on both operating days .

The conquest of the north decisively tilted the scales in Franco 's favour ; quite apart from the damage to Republican morale , it brought the Nationalists raw materials — iron ore and coal — and industrial capacity vital to the prosecution of modern warfare .
the conquest of the north decisively tilted the scales in franco 's favour ; quite apart from the damage to republican morale , it brought the nationalists raw materials — iron ore and coal — and industrial [ability] vital to the prosecution of modern warfare .

fear the rapid rise of Japan 's war-making capacity , industrial and political as well as military .
fear the rapid rise of japan 's war-making [ability] , industrial and political as well as military .

State capacity and battle readiness .
state [ability] and battle readiness .

Services should aim to promote individuals ' capacity for self-determination and autonomy and to enhance their ability to make realistic choices for themselves .
services should aim to promote individuals ' [ability] for self-determination and autonomy and to enhance their ability to make realistic choices for themselves .

This gives a breathing space for people to establish a sense of their capacity to live without drink .
this gives a breathing space for people to establish a sense of their [ability] to live without drink .

The length of the land drains is governed by the absorption capacity of the ground .
the length of the land drains is governed by the absorption [ability] of the ground .

If approval for septic tanks can not be obtained , the only alternative will be sealed cesspools of a capacity not less than 4000 gallons .
if approval for septic tanks can not be obtained , the only alternative will be sealed cesspools of a [ability] not less than 4000 gallons .

The foundations of a building will vary in design and cost depending on the bearing capacity and nature of the sub-soil .
the foundations of a building will vary in design and cost depending on the bearing [ability] and nature of the sub-soil .

It is useful to obtain permission to execute trial holes at various locations on the site to establish the nature of the sub-soil , bearing capacity of the ground , and the water table .
it is useful to obtain permission to execute trial holes at various locations on the site to establish the nature of the sub-soil , bearing [ability] of the ground , and the water table .

It is essential to obtain confirmation in writing not only that services are available on or adjacent to the site , but in addition that they are adequate in capacity , and the cost of connection .
it is essential to obtain confirmation in writing not only that services are available on or adjacent to the site , but in addition that they are adequate in [ability] , and the cost of connection .

The size of the sewer may be of insufficient capacity to take the additional effluent from the proposed development , or the capacity of the sewage works itself may be insufficient to cope .
the size of the sewer may be of insufficient [ability] to take the additional effluent from the proposed development , or the [ability] of the sewage works itself may be insufficient to cope .

There is normally no problem in arranging connection to a public sewer , subject to capacity .
there is normally no problem in arranging connection to a public sewer , subject to [ability] .

Legal factors Restrictive covenants Existing easements Easements required Approval of scheme by third party Vacant possession ( squatters ) Sight lines Ransom strips Private and public sewers Infrastructure and services Existing roads and access Proximity and capacity of existing public sewers Availability of gas , water and electricity supplies Engineering problems Made-up ground , mining , bearing capacity of soil Springs , streams/rivers , flooding , water table Existing foundations and basements Previous use of land ( i.e .
legal factors restrictive covenants existing easements easements required approval of scheme by third party vacant possession ( squatters ) sight lines ransom strips private and public sewers infrastructure and services existing roads and access proximity and [ability] of existing public sewers availability of gas , water and electricity supplies engineering problems made-up ground , mining , bearing [ability] of soil springs , streams/rivers , flooding , water table existing foundations and basements previous use of land ( i.e .

Not its fat fists , its useless legs , but its voice , the sounds it makes , its capacity to weep .
not its fat fists , its useless legs , but its voice , the sounds it makes , its [ability] to weep .

In that capacity he had presided over a campaign against corruption , and more positively over a relaxation of the restrictions upon private trade and local government .
in that [ability] he had presided over a campaign against corruption , and more positively over a relaxation of the restrictions upon private trade and local government .

Up until then , the only qualifications needed to secure a place in the team were an abnormal capacity for Nettles Agricultural Sherry , a willingness to buy a round whenever invited , an abhorrence of physical exercise and a pair of knee-length shorts .
up until then , the only qualifications needed to secure a place in the team were an abnormal [ability] for nettles agricultural sherry , a willingness to buy a round whenever invited , an abhorrence of physical exercise and a pair of knee-length shorts .

Pybus was duly sacked but retained as club coach in a refreshment-making capacity .
pybus was duly sacked but retained as club coach in a refreshment-making [ability] .

There is a range of prices the upper and lower limits of which are determined by demand , cost , and capacity parameters .
there is a range of prices the upper and lower limits of which are determined by demand , cost , and [ability] parameters .

The gain to a firm from reneging on the collusive agreement will depend partly on cost , demand , and capacity parameters and partly on the length of time for which a higher profit than that realized under the agreement can be earned before retaliation by the other firms takes place .
the gain to a firm from reneging on the collusive agreement will depend partly on cost , demand , and [ability] parameters and partly on the length of time for which a higher profit than that realized under the agreement can be earned before retaliation by the other firms takes place .

For example , if technology is such that production is subject to a fixed maximum rate of capacity output , and for each firm its output under the collusive agreement is just about at capacity , then there would be virtually no short-run gain to reneging on the agreement .
for example , if technology is such that production is subject to a fixed maximum rate of [ability] output , and for each firm its output under the collusive agreement is just about at [ability] , then there would be virtually no short-run gain to reneging on the agreement .

On the other hand , if there is significant excess capacity at the agreed output , and the agreed price is well above marginal cost , then a significant output expansion would be both feasible and profitable and so reneging on the agreement could appear attractive .
on the other hand , if there is significant excess [ability] at the agreed output , and the agreed price is well above marginal cost , then a significant output expansion would be both feasible and profitable and so reneging on the agreement could appear attractive .

Trade associations may also carry out services such as demand forecasting and capacity planning for the market as a whole .
trade associations may also carry out services such as demand forecasting and [ability] planning for the market as a whole .

This can be important both in achieving agreement on prices in the short run , and in preventing the development of excess capacity , which can pose a serious threat to collusion in the long run .
this can be important both in achieving agreement on prices in the short run , and in preventing the development of excess [ability] , which can pose a serious threat to collusion in the long run .

The road across-country to Crane Beach wound through a sea of sugar cane in undulating waves ten foot high ; passed old stone churches filled to capacity for Sunday-morning worship , the doors and windows wide open to emit the sounds of loud , harmonious rejoicing .
the road across-country to crane beach wound through a sea of sugar cane in undulating waves ten foot high ; passed old stone churches filled to [ability] for sunday-morning worship , the doors and windows wide open to emit the sounds of loud , harmonious rejoicing .

They carried on into the marquee , where eight ten-foot-long buffet tables decorated with pale pink and white angelicas held dozens of silver tureens , filled to capacity with imported smoked salmon , lobster , and finely sliced fillet of beef in aspic .
they carried on into the marquee , where eight ten-foot-long buffet tables decorated with pale pink and white angelicas held dozens of silver tureens , filled to [ability] with imported smoked salmon , lobster , and finely sliced fillet of beef in aspic .

’ Let me assure them that the phrase has no mark-getting capacity whatever .
’ let me assure them that the phrase has no mark-getting [ability] whatever .

By a discreditable rule of the Bar , a member who is in paid employment ( apart from the Attorney-General and Solicitor-General ) can not appear in court in his professional capacity .
by a discreditable rule of the bar , a member who is in paid employment ( apart from the attorney-general and solicitor-general ) can not appear in court in his professional [ability] .

The qualities looked for in a higher civil servant are : intelligence ; fluency of mouth and pen , particularly in producing a persuasive argument and in composing a good ministerial speech ; the capacity to induce other people to carry out a policy that perhaps they do not much wish to carry out ; a political ‘ nose ’ ; the ability ( in a Department or a local or regional office ) to organise those beneath him or her ; and capacity for hard work ( many of those at the top work extremely hard ) .
the qualities looked for in a higher civil servant are : intelligence ; fluency of mouth and pen , particularly in producing a persuasive argument and in composing a good ministerial speech ; the [ability] to induce other people to carry out a policy that perhaps they do not much wish to carry out ; a political ‘ nose ’ ; the ability ( in a department or a local or regional office ) to organise those beneath him or her ; and [ability] for hard work ( many of those at the top work extremely hard ) .

/ Brintons are one of the largest weavers with a production capacity in excess of 100,000 square metres per week / .
/ brintons are one of the largest weavers with a production [ability] in excess of 100,000 square metres per week / .

/ This and the company carries out all steps of production in its factories , from preparing the yarn to weaving it on looms designed and manufactured by company engineers , and Brintons factories are considered the most advanced weaving factories from the technical aspect in the whole world , also Brintons company is considered among the largest weaving companies with a production capacity exceeding 100,000 square metres per week / .
/ this and the company carries out all steps of production in its factories , from preparing the yarn to weaving it on looms designed and manufactured by company engineers , and brintons factories are considered the most advanced weaving factories from the technical aspect in the whole world , also brintons company is considered among the largest weaving companies with a production [ability] exceeding 100,000 square metres per week / .

The very high quality of the data in terms of capacity to provide a good sample of everyday language is of course the major advantage of a participant observation method .
the very high quality of the data in terms of [ability] to provide a good sample of everyday language is of course the major advantage of a participant observation method .

Although we may in this way gain in explanatory capacity , there are several important disadvantages associated with a participant observation study .
although we may in this way gain in explanatory [ability] , there are several important disadvantages associated with a participant observation study .

But such an interpretation of the very salient sex differences which plainly do exist , and are moreover theoretically important , relies on the analyst 's capacity to assign a comparable social class index score to both males and females .
but such an interpretation of the very salient sex differences which plainly do exist , and are moreover theoretically important , relies on the analyst 's [ability] to assign a comparable social class index score to both males and females .

The idea of using social network as a speaker variable was developed in Belfast in response to an explicit hypothesis concerning the capacity of closeknit networks to function in society as a norm enforcement mechanism .
the idea of using social network as a speaker variable was developed in belfast in response to an explicit hypothesis concerning the [ability] of closeknit networks to function in society as a norm enforcement mechanism .

The capacity of closeknit networks to exert normative pressure formed a basis for using this speaker variable not only descriptively , but to explore more radically patterns of language maintenance and change .
the [ability] of closeknit networks to exert normative pressure formed a basis for using this speaker variable not only descriptively , but to explore more radically patterns of language maintenance and change .

Many Braniel people owned cars and telephones , which they used as a means of maintaining important personal ties over long distances , and the capacity of these ties to influence their behaviour ( linguistic or otherwise ) is not clear .
many braniel people owned cars and telephones , which they used as a means of maintaining important personal ties over long distances , and the [ability] of these ties to influence their behaviour ( linguistic or otherwise ) is not clear .

In fact the indicators used by Edwards were chosen for their capacity to distinguish between individuals who associated themselves to varying degrees with the norms and values of the black community ; of particular importance is the distinction between black and non-black ethnicity .
in fact the indicators used by edwards were chosen for their [ability] to distinguish between individuals who associated themselves to varying degrees with the norms and values of the black community ; of particular importance is the distinction between black and non-black ethnicity .

Schmidt explains the group 's ability to maintain this very homogeneous mixed code , the norms of which are apparently pragmatically determined , in terms of the capacity of closeknit networks to exert normative pressures upon individuals .
schmidt explains the group 's ability to maintain this very homogeneous mixed code , the norms of which are apparently pragmatically determined , in terms of the [ability] of closeknit networks to exert normative pressures upon individuals .

The capacity of modern computers to organize huge masses of data in many ways very speedily is , if used with care , as valuable to the sociolinguist as to anyone else .
the [ability] of modern computers to organize huge masses of data in many ways very speedily is , if used with care , as valuable to the sociolinguist as to anyone else .

The capacity of computers to handle text in various ways is particularly relevant to quantitative syntactic work ; this is a function additional to their sorting and counting ( ‘ number-crunching ’ ) capacities which are useful in statistical analysis ( cf .
the [ability] of computers to handle text in various ways is particularly relevant to quantitative syntactic work ; this is a function additional to their sorting and counting ( ‘ number-crunching ’ ) capacities which are useful in statistical analysis ( cf .

Examples of the ‘ spare capacity ’ approach are provided by post buses and school buses ( National Consumer Council , 1978 ) .
examples of the ‘ spare [ability] ’ approach are provided by post buses and school buses ( national consumer council , 1978 ) .

An example of this approach is provided by the Ministry of Agriculture 's ‘ Agricultural Land Classification ’ maps which use rainfall , transpiration , temperature and exposure as the key climatic indices ; altitude , slope , and surface irregularities as the key relief indices ; and wetness , depth , texture , structure , stoniness and available water capacity as the key soil indices ( Agricultural Land Service , 1966 ) .
an example of this approach is provided by the ministry of agriculture 's ‘ agricultural land classification ’ maps which use rainfall , transpiration , temperature and exposure as the key climatic indices ; altitude , slope , and surface irregularities as the key relief indices ; and wetness , depth , texture , structure , stoniness and available water [ability] as the key soil indices ( agricultural land service , 1966 ) .

Acting in this dual capacity , the port agent gives the captain the forms of ‘ consignment bills of lading ’ subject to charter party conditions .
acting in this dual [ability] , the port agent gives the captain the forms of ‘ consignment bills of lading ’ subject to charter party conditions .

As trusted and ‘ neutral ’ paymasters , banks will continue to be asked to pay letters of credit after examining bills of lading whose principal item will be the stated capacity of the signer or authenticator .
as trusted and ‘ neutral ’ paymasters , banks will continue to be asked to pay letters of credit after examining bills of lading whose principal item will be the stated [ability] of the signer or authenticator .

Possession of an electronic bill would be symbolic at best and , thus , would not be apparent to third parties and notice on items such as capacity or authenticity of issuance is not connected with possession of the bill or its electronic equivalent .
possession of an electronic bill would be symbolic at best and , thus , would not be apparent to third parties and notice on items such as [ability] or authenticity of issuance is not connected with possession of the bill or its electronic equivalent .

The ministers who like the House either do so because , in their opposition days , they enjoyed its fellowship and had few other contacts in London , or they feel so confident of their capacity to score off the Opposition that they like revealing their talents .
the ministers who like the house either do so because , in their opposition days , they enjoyed its fellowship and had few other contacts in london , or they feel so confident of their [ability] to score off the opposition that they like revealing their talents .

This view led to the first restrictions on private members ' capacity to interrupt or hold up business whenever they liked — or whenever they could get the House to listen to them , for there was always considerable self-discipline .
this view led to the first restrictions on private members ' [ability] to interrupt or hold up business whenever they liked — or whenever they could get the house to listen to them , for there was always considerable self-discipline .

One sign of the degree of power and independence of a legislature is its capacity to extract information from the government .
one sign of the degree of power and independence of a legislature is its [ability] to extract information from the government .

The contrast can be seen by comparing the information available when the Commons in 1856 forced the publication of all dispatches dealing with the origins of the Crimean War before hostilities were over , and the capacity of successive governments to keep the House and the public in total and persistent ignorance of what led up to the invasion of Suez in 1956 .
the contrast can be seen by comparing the information available when the commons in 1856 forced the publication of all dispatches dealing with the origins of the crimean war before hostilities were over , and the [ability] of successive governments to keep the house and the public in total and persistent ignorance of what led up to the invasion of suez in 1956 .

much the same reduction in the capacity to scrutinize has taken place .
much the same reduction in the [ability] to scrutinize has taken place .

This is because , without some capacity to criticize , Parliament would be quite meaningless and because this capacity is of use to the Opposition , a point appreciated by ministers who may one day return to opposition .
this is because , without some [ability] to criticize , parliament would be quite meaningless and because this [ability] is of use to the opposition , a point appreciated by ministers who may one day return to opposition .

The post-war governments , both Labour and Conservative , have shown that a minister with coherent , workable policies and reasonable energy and capacity can get loyal co-operation from his or her civil servants .
the post-war governments , both labour and conservative , have shown that a minister with coherent , workable policies and reasonable energy and [ability] can get loyal co-operation from his or her civil servants .

This is a factor in selection , and all Cabinets have some first-class administrators , but there are other , political reasons for appointments and it is possible that in any Cabinet of twenty , a half would not have been chosen if the only grounds had been the capacity to run a large department .
this is a factor in selection , and all cabinets have some first-class administrators , but there are other , political reasons for appointments and it is possible that in any cabinet of twenty , a half would not have been chosen if the only grounds had been the [ability] to run a large department .

After ten years in a department working , for example , on housing , the fact that one man 's undergraduate degree was in philosophy and another 's in sociology will make little or no difference ; what will matter is the capacity and experience they have developed at the task .
after ten years in a department working , for example , on housing , the fact that one man 's undergraduate degree was in philosophy and another 's in sociology will make little or no difference ; what will matter is the [ability] and experience they have developed at the task .

In the early 1960s , it became fashionable to criticize British institutions and to say that this country was lagging behind its European competitors in many aspects of modern life from trade union structure to central heating , from the capacity to sell and provide after-sales service abroad to playing football .
in the early 1960s , it became fashionable to criticize british institutions and to say that this country was lagging behind its european competitors in many aspects of modern life from trade union structure to central heating , from the [ability] to sell and provide after-sales service abroad to playing football .

The human capital theory maintains that increased education raises the earning capacity of the individual and that this is reflected in the higher earnings of people with higher and further education .
the human capital theory maintains that increased education raises the earning [ability] of the individual and that this is reflected in the higher earnings of people with higher and further education .

Judges of the superior courts may not be sued for anything done or said while acting in their judicial capacity even if they act from some malicious or corrupt motive .
judges of the superior courts may not be sued for anything done or said while acting in their judicial [ability] even if they act from some malicious or corrupt motive .

Not all of each airline capacity is restricted to the holidays of its associated holiday company , however .
not all of each airline [ability] is restricted to the holidays of its associated holiday company , however .

The airlines also sell their capacity to those firms not operating an airline .
the airlines also sell their [ability] to those firms not operating an airline .

Table 11.5 shows the main operators and their seat capacity in 1985 .
table 11.5 shows the main operators and their seat [ability] in 1985 .

Clearly the airlines ' authorized capacity does not match up to the company market shares as shown in either Table 11.2 or Table 11.3 .
clearly the airlines ' authorized [ability] does not match up to the company market shares as shown in either table 11.2 or table 11.3 .

Dan Air offered 22 per cent of capacity in 1985 but is not organizationally linked to any single tour operator and functions as a totally separate company .
dan air offered 22 per cent of [ability] in 1985 but is not organizationally linked to any single tour operator and functions as a totally separate company .

Consumption in leisure and holidaying became increasingly linked to the capacity of the individual consumer to make choices within the market .
consumption in leisure and holidaying became increasingly linked to the [ability] of the individual consumer to make choices within the market .

Having come to the village with certain expectations they may only see what they expect to find and , since the local working population has long been used to avoiding overt conflict in the face of those who have the capacity to create trouble for them , the superficial calm of village life may remain .
having come to the village with certain expectations they may only see what they expect to find and , since the local working population has long been used to avoiding overt conflict in the face of those who have the [ability] to create trouble for them , the superficial calm of village life may remain .

Furthermore , all the professionals at Ashdown are able-bodied ( including the researchers ) and no representative from a local group of disabled people has been consulted or invited to contribute to the school development programme in any capacity .
furthermore , all the professionals at ashdown are able-bodied ( including the researchers ) and no representative from a local group of disabled people has been consulted or invited to contribute to the school development programme in any [ability] .

In the economist 's model of perfect competition firms have no capacity to exercise significant choice : they have no option but to obey the signals of the market .
in the economist 's model of perfect competition firms have no [ability] to exercise significant choice : they have no option but to obey the signals of the market .

Once the assumptions of the perfect market model are dropped it becomes clear that they have the capacity to safeguard these interests , manifested in a sluggishness of response , if not outright resistance , to changes in what consumers actually want , or might want if they were aware of the full range of possible alternatives .
once the assumptions of the perfect market model are dropped it becomes clear that they have the [ability] to safeguard these interests , manifested in a sluggishness of response , if not outright resistance , to changes in what consumers actually want , or might want if they were aware of the full range of possible alternatives .

It is undeniable that consumers have the capacity to resist the blandishments of advertisers , as borne out by the failure of many products brought on to the market .
it is undeniable that consumers have the [ability] to resist the blandishments of advertisers , as borne out by the failure of many products brought on to the market .

As Hannah and Kay observe ‘ the elimination of inefficient productive capacity is now less frequently achieved through the action of bankruptcy in a competitive market process , but more commonly emanates from decisions to ‘ rationalise ’ made by a bureaucratic organisation ’ .
as hannah and kay observe ‘ the elimination of inefficient productive [ability] is now less frequently achieved through the action of bankruptcy in a competitive market process , but more commonly emanates from decisions to ‘ rationalise ’ made by a bureaucratic organisation ’ .

Responses which may be open to the company range from plant closures and mass redundancies , through scaling down operations with some job losses , to investment in alternative productive capacity with partial or full retention of the workforce .
responses which may be open to the company range from plant closures and mass redundancies , through scaling down operations with some job losses , to investment in alternative productive [ability] with partial or full retention of the workforce .

In an increasingly internationalised economy particularly , governments must be sensitive to how their policies will be perceived by business interests , since an adverse reaction can lead to rapid and massive capital outflows and consequent economic destabilisation , or the relocation of productive capacity to more hospitable environments with an equally obvious effect on jobs and growth .
in an increasingly internationalised economy particularly , governments must be sensitive to how their policies will be perceived by business interests , since an adverse reaction can lead to rapid and massive capital outflows and consequent economic destabilisation , or the relocation of productive [ability] to more hospitable environments with an equally obvious effect on jobs and growth .

The capacity of wealth maximisation to legitimate power , however , requires some elaboration .
the [ability] of wealth maximisation to legitimate power , however , requires some elaboration .

In other words , does the system 's putatively superior wealth generating capacity justify the concentration of decision-making power that is entailed ?
in other words , does the system 's putatively superior wealth generating [ability] justify the concentration of decision-making power that is entailed ?

As Veljanovski points out , ‘ if wealth is concentrated in the hands of a few rich landowners who buy Rolls Royces and caviar , then allocative efficiency will be consistent with the poor starving and the economy 's productive capacity channelled into the manufacture of these luxury items .
as veljanovski points out , ‘ if wealth is concentrated in the hands of a few rich landowners who buy rolls royces and caviar , then allocative efficiency will be consistent with the poor starving and the economy 's productive [ability] channelled into the manufacture of these luxury items .

Under the influence of excessive risk aversion managers are thus liable to cause the firm to grow to an inefficient size and to engage in other forms of behaviour which are sub-optimal from the shareholders ' point of view , such as making low dividend payouts and an inadequate use of the company 's borrowing capacity .
under the influence of excessive risk aversion managers are thus liable to cause the firm to grow to an inefficient size and to engage in other forms of behaviour which are sub-optimal from the shareholders ' point of view , such as making low dividend payouts and an inadequate use of the company 's borrowing [ability] .

Others , while having a relationship with the company only in the capacity of member , might prefer the directors to take account of such issues as the environmental or social consequences of the company 's activities , and where there is a conflict , to modify the profit instinct accordingly .
others , while having a relationship with the company only in the [ability] of member , might prefer the directors to take account of such issues as the environmental or social consequences of the company 's activities , and where there is a conflict , to modify the profit instinct accordingly .

Having examined how the law defines the ends for which directors must use their powers , we are now in a position to consider the law 's capacity to ensure that they act within the bounds laid down .
having examined how the law defines the ends for which directors must use their powers , we are now in a position to consider the law 's [ability] to ensure that they act within the bounds laid down .

In order to maximise profits a firm would need both complete information about present and future states of the world and the capacity to digest and evaluate that information .
in order to maximise profits a firm would need both complete information about present and future states of the world and the [ability] to digest and evaluate that information .

To conclude , therefore , the enforcement of essentially procedural decision-making standards is within the capacity of the courts and might reasonably be expected to have beneficial effects .
to conclude , therefore , the enforcement of essentially procedural decision-making standards is within the [ability] of the courts and might reasonably be expected to have beneficial effects .

This need not be of great concern to management , however , given the capacity of most companies to finance themselves through retained earnings .
this need not be of great concern to management , however , given the [ability] of most companies to finance themselves through retained earnings .

In order to boost short-term accounting profits companies may be tempted to cut expenditure on items such as training , research and development , and investment in productive capacity , all of which are essential to a healthy economy , on the basis that they will show a positive return only in the longer term .
in order to boost short-term accounting profits companies may be tempted to cut expenditure on items such as training , research and development , and investment in productive [ability] , all of which are essential to a healthy economy , on the basis that they will show a positive return only in the longer term .

He bathed his face in the fountain of her body liquid , and filled his mouth to capacity .
he bathed his face in the fountain of her body liquid , and filled his mouth to [ability] .

Define the total file storage capacity as 1 .
define the total file storage [ability] as 1 .

The curves show divergence from the relationship ( for n records stored individually ) , ( for records stored in buckets with a capacity of ten records ) , and ( for buckets with a fifty-record capacity ) .
the curves show divergence from the relationship ( for n records stored individually ) , ( for records stored in buckets with a [ability] of ten records ) , and ( for buckets with a fifty-record [ability] ) .

Randomizing to buckets with a capacity of ten records markedly decreases the number of synonyms , and there is a further decrease if buckets with a capacity of fifty records are used .
randomizing to buckets with a [ability] of ten records markedly decreases the number of synonyms , and there is a further decrease if buckets with a [ability] of fifty records are used .

The packing density referred to here is measured in terms of the total number of records , both in the prime and overflow areas , divided by the prime data storage capacity only .
the packing density referred to here is measured in terms of the total number of records , both in the prime and overflow areas , divided by the prime data storage [ability] only .

r is used for bucket capacity :
r is used for bucket [ability] :

This means a single sector for sector-oriented devices , or one record per bucket in systems that allow the user to choose any bucket size within the capacity of the device .
this means a single sector for sector-oriented devices , or one record per bucket in systems that allow the user to choose any bucket size within the [ability] of the device .

He was stationed at the Base in some sort of fake capacity .
he was stationed at the base in some sort of fake [ability] .

You have that capacity , do n't you ?
you have that [ability] , do n't you ?

They stopped beside the resting horses and looked down on the vale of Grasmere , a prospect described by great poets as an unsuspected paradise , depicted by painters as a jewel set in nature , sought out by the fashionable , protected by the sensible , evoker of sublime epithets , a small , ovaloid dream lake ringed by mountains proportioned in a measure which touched the intelligence as much as the eye ; if any one place deserves the description , then Grasmere Vale could claim to be in the very eye of the Romantic storm , in its beauty , its seclusion , its inhabitants and its capacity to draw in and draw out some of the greatest artists of the era . Said Hope :
they stopped beside the resting horses and looked down on the vale of grasmere , a prospect described by great poets as an unsuspected paradise , depicted by painters as a jewel set in nature , sought out by the fashionable , protected by the sensible , evoker of sublime epithets , a small , ovaloid dream lake ringed by mountains proportioned in a measure which touched the intelligence as much as the eye ; if any one place deserves the description , then grasmere vale could claim to be in the very eye of the romantic storm , in its beauty , its seclusion , its inhabitants and its [ability] to draw in and draw out some of the greatest artists of the era . said hope :

( 1 ) Legitimacy involves the capacity of the system to engender and maintain the belief that the existing political institutions are the most appropriate ones for the Society .
( 1 ) legitimacy involves the [ability] of the system to engender and maintain the belief that the existing political institutions are the most appropriate ones for the society .

( 3 ) It possesses the monopoly of violence throughout this area , by virtue of which it has the capacity , even if not the moral authority , to guarantee the finality of its decision in political disputes arising from the conflict of individuals or groups within its territory .
( 3 ) it possesses the monopoly of violence throughout this area , by virtue of which it has the [ability] , even if not the moral authority , to guarantee the finality of its decision in political disputes arising from the conflict of individuals or groups within its territory .

In seeking to make the Church 's worship widely accessible , however , people 's capacity should not be underrated .
in seeking to make the church 's worship widely accessible , however , people 's [ability] should not be underrated .

It is a Baconian view , rather than an Einsteinian view ; students have a strong faith in the capacity of physics to provide explanations of the way the world works .
it is a baconian view , rather than an einsteinian view ; students have a strong faith in the [ability] of physics to provide explanations of the way the world works .

‘ Usefulness ’ was a key component of the physical scientists ' evaluation of their discipline ; and ‘ usefulness ’ referred to the capacity of the degree to get them a well-paid job .
‘ usefulness ’ was a key component of the physical scientists ' evaluation of their discipline ; and ‘ usefulness ’ referred to the [ability] of the degree to get them a well-paid job .

By contrast , the stance of doing is concerned with acting upon those phenomena to bring about change , although the capacity to react or respond to phenomena may be a precondition of successful action in some cases , for example in the diagnosis of human problems and situations , as Ryan ( 1984 ) points out in relation to medicine .
by contrast , the stance of doing is concerned with acting upon those phenomena to bring about change , although the [ability] to react or respond to phenomena may be a precondition of successful action in some cases , for example in the diagnosis of human problems and situations , as ryan ( 1984 ) points out in relation to medicine .

For example , in one story , an organisation required a new item to go through some 270 checks before production , which understandably cut into its capacity to innovate .
for example , in one story , an organisation required a new item to go through some 270 checks before production , which understandably cut into its [ability] to innovate .

Readiness refers to an individual 's attitude towards the change , and capability refers to an individual 's capacity to do whatever the change requires of him or her .
readiness refers to an individual 's attitude towards the change , and capability refers to an individual 's [ability] to do whatever the change requires of him or her .

For senior management an important lesson was the trade unions ' capacity to absorb change and to become its agents .
for senior management an important lesson was the trade unions ' [ability] to absorb change and to become its agents .

But before the advent of data-processing capacity , the actual analyses would have taken man-years of clerical toil to complete .
but before the advent of data-processing [ability] , the actual analyses would have taken man-years of clerical toil to complete .

The second area that is affected when a company focuses its data-processing capacity on producing information is its organization structure .
the second area that is affected when a company focuses its data-processing [ability] on producing information is its organization structure .

But the goal behind those specific targets was flexibility : ‘ flexibility — the capacity to respond quickly and effectively to a highly uncertain environment — is central to what Enfield is about … change without upheaval will be the norm in this plant ’ ( Perry , 1984 : 5 ) .
but the goal behind those specific targets was flexibility : ‘ flexibility — the [ability] to respond quickly and effectively to a highly uncertain environment — is central to what enfield is about … change without upheaval will be the norm in this plant ’ ( perry , 1984 : 5 ) .

break-even at 60 % capacity .
break-even at 60 % [ability] .

Above all , the rhetorical approach draws attention to the importance of the capacity to negate .
above all , the rhetorical approach draws attention to the importance of the [ability] to negate .

Billig ( 1985 , 1987 ) suggests that , in order to understand this capacity for negation , social psychologists should describe the processes of social thinking in terms of opposing pairs : every process should be understood in terms of a counter-process .
billig ( 1985 , 1987 ) suggests that , in order to understand this [ability] for negation , social psychologists should describe the processes of social thinking in terms of opposing pairs : every process should be understood in terms of a counter-process .

The rhetorical theorist does not assume that only some societies possess the rhetorical capacity to argue .
the rhetorical theorist does not assume that only some societies possess the rhetorical [ability] to argue .

The Divisional Court of the Queen 's Bench Division , which exercises a supervisory capacity over the inferior courts and sits as a court to which an appeal ‘ by way of case stated ’ may be made from the Magistrates ' Court , is bound by the House of Lords , the Court of Appeal and its own previous decisions .
the divisional court of the queen 's bench division , which exercises a supervisory [ability] over the inferior courts and sits as a court to which an appeal ‘ by way of case stated ’ may be made from the magistrates ' court , is bound by the house of lords , the court of appeal and its own previous decisions .

Hence a company has its own legal capacity and is able to contract , etc .
hence a company has its own legal [ability] and is able to contract , etc .

containing the names and particulars of the directors and secretary and a consent signed by each of them to act in the relevant capacity ; and
containing the names and particulars of the directors and secretary and a consent signed by each of them to act in the relevant [ability] ; and

The validity of an act done by a company can not be questioned on the ground of lack of capacity by reason that the act is beyond the company 's objects .
the validity of an act done by a company can not be questioned on the ground of lack of [ability] by reason that the act is beyond the company 's objects .

The company is bound to the members in their capacity as members .
the company is bound to the members in their [ability] as members .

The members in their capacity as members are bound to the company .
the members in their [ability] as members are bound to the company .

The company is not bound to any person , except to members in their capacity as members .
the company is not bound to any person , except to members in their [ability] as members .

Money is not just the result of an increasing capacity for abstraction , but becomes instrumental in supporting this relational view of things .
money is not just the result of an increasing [ability] for abstraction , but becomes instrumental in supporting this relational view of things .

This capacity has reached its widest extent in the process of culture ’ ( 1968 : 45 ) .
this [ability] has reached its widest extent in the process of culture ’ ( 1968 : 45 ) .

In short , the spread of objective culture has outstripped the capacity of the subject to absorb it .
in short , the spread of objective culture has outstripped the [ability] of the subject to absorb it .

From this point onwards , Piaget 's account progresses towards more complex forms of symbolism through which the adult 's conceptual apparatus and capacity for cognitive representation are fully developed .
from this point onwards , piaget 's account progresses towards more complex forms of symbolism through which the adult 's conceptual apparatus and [ability] for cognitive representation are fully developed .

Piaget attempts to map the increasing capacity for abstraction implied by the symbolic function , showing that in this development , language , which depends on an entirely conventional relationship between sign and signified , is bound to come at a relatively late stage .
piaget attempts to map the increasing [ability] for abstraction implied by the symbolic function , showing that in this development , language , which depends on an entirely conventional relationship between sign and signified , is bound to come at a relatively late stage .

Langer discusses in detail some of the implications of these differences , focusing upon their capacity for expression .
langer discusses in detail some of the implications of these differences , focusing upon their [ability] for expression .

Societies have an extraordinary capacity either to consider objects as having attributes which may not appear as evident to outsiders , or else altogether to ignore attributes which would have appeared to those same outsiders as being inextricably part of that object .
societies have an extraordinary [ability] either to consider objects as having attributes which may not appear as evident to outsiders , or else altogether to ignore attributes which would have appeared to those same outsiders as being inextricably part of that object .

It might be thought , for example , that the major distinction between socialist and capitalist development , terms which are rounded in contrasting philosophies or the proper relations or production , would be a prime subject for the symbolic capacity of the modern artefact .
it might be thought , for example , that the major distinction between socialist and capitalist development , terms which are rounded in contrasting philosophies or the proper relations or production , would be a prime subject for the symbolic [ability] of the modern artefact .

The artefact 's capacity to separate itself from the immediacy of a relationship embodied in the concept of utility is most evident in the manner in which it is used for precisely the opposite function , that is , to separate the individual from productive activity .
the artefact 's [ability] to separate itself from the immediacy of a relationship embodied in the concept of utility is most evident in the manner in which it is used for precisely the opposite function , that is , to separate the individual from productive activity .

As with the other areas discussed above , style has achieved a certain autonomy in contemporary industrial society , going beyond its capacity for ordering to become itself the focus of concern .
as with the other areas discussed above , style has achieved a certain autonomy in contemporary industrial society , going beyond its [ability] for ordering to become itself the focus of concern .

Do services create ‘ real weaIth ’ ? The overseas earning capacity of banking and insurance are referred to as ‘ invisible exports ’ . Why should this be the case ?
do services create ‘ real weaith ’ ? the overseas earning [ability] of banking and insurance are referred to as ‘ invisible exports ’ . why should this be the case ?

Individual citizens , for instance , in their capacity as voters legitimize the Government through the election of public officials .
individual citizens , for instance , in their [ability] as voters legitimize the government through the election of public officials .

In particular , vision has been equated with a capacity for imagination ' , ‘ inspiration ’ , ‘ insight ’ , ‘ foresight ’ and ‘ sagacity ’ ( Oxford English Dictionary ) .
in particular , vision has been equated with a [ability] for imagination ' , ‘ inspiration ’ , ‘ insight ’ , ‘ foresight ’ and ‘ sagacity ’ ( oxford english dictionary ) .

The entrepreneurial organization is both experience-based and decentralized , so that every advance builds on every previous advance , and everyone in the company has the opportunity and capacity to participate .
the entrepreneurial organization is both experience-based and decentralized , so that every advance builds on every previous advance , and everyone in the company has the opportunity and [ability] to participate .

When products and processes are so protean , companies grow or decline not with the market for some specific good , but with the creative and adaptive capacity of their workers .
when products and processes are so protean , companies grow or decline not with the market for some specific good , but with the creative and adaptive [ability] of their workers .

In collective entrepreneurship , individual skills are integrated into a group ; this collective capacity to innovate becomes something greater than the sum of its parts .
in collective entrepreneurship , individual skills are integrated into a group ; this collective [ability] to innovate becomes something greater than the sum of its parts .

Salespeople must also have a complete understanding of the enterprise 's capacity to design and deliver specialized products .
salespeople must also have a complete understanding of the enterprise 's [ability] to design and deliver specialized products .

The company 's ability to adapt to new opportunities and capitalize on them depends on its capacity to share information and involve everyone in the organization in a systemwide search for ways to improve , adjust , adapt , and upgrade .
the company 's ability to adapt to new opportunities and capitalize on them depends on its [ability] to share information and involve everyone in the organization in a systemwide search for ways to improve , adjust , adapt , and upgrade .

Underneath the veneer of participatory management , it is business as usual — and business as usual represents a threat to America 's long-term capacity to compete .
underneath the veneer of participatory management , it is business as usual — and business as usual represents a threat to america 's long-term [ability] to compete .

The functional managers are responsible for the material resources and the suitability of the staff in terms of motivation , know-how , capacity , etc .
the functional managers are responsible for the material resources and the suitability of the staff in terms of motivation , know-how , [ability] , etc .

The capacity of a watercourse and the tolerable limits of polluting effluent are calculated according to a mathematical model , which ideally should be applied routinely and objectively to all dischargers regardless of their means , the costs of treatment , their prior efforts , or the demands made of their competitors .
the [ability] of a watercourse and the tolerable limits of polluting effluent are calculated according to a mathematical model , which ideally should be applied routinely and objectively to all dischargers regardless of their means , the costs of treatment , their prior efforts , or the demands made of their competitors .

Agency staff sometimes question themselves about a discharger 's economic position and his capacity to comply with the parameters and limits which they would ideally like to impose .
agency staff sometimes question themselves about a discharger 's economic position and his [ability] to comply with the parameters and limits which they would ideally like to impose .

The pragmatism of field staff places much greater value on what a man can do in the field : his practical knowledge , his capacity to make decisions on the spot , his ability to talk to people .
the pragmatism of field staff places much greater value on what a man can do in the field : his practical knowledge , his [ability] to make decisions on the spot , his ability to talk to people .

The amount of polluting matter discharged is also of considerable significance , but how significant depends on the capacity of the receiving watercourse .
the amount of polluting matter discharged is also of considerable significance , but how significant depends on the [ability] of the receiving watercourse .

Familiarity can also encourage a mutual sense of trust which enhances the officer 's capacity to detect and control because it encourages self-reporting of deviance .
familiarity can also encourage a mutual sense of trust which enhances the officer 's [ability] to detect and control because it encourages self-reporting of deviance .

The frequency and regularity of field officers ' monthly quota of samples is controlled largely by laboratory capacity .
the frequency and regularity of field officers ' monthly quota of samples is controlled largely by laboratory [ability] .

Laboratory constraints reach the field officer in the form of a curb against excessive or irregular sampling , suggesting the possibility that the agency 's capacity to process data limits its ability to discover and identify deviance .
laboratory constraints reach the field officer in the form of a curb against excessive or irregular sampling , suggesting the possibility that the agency 's [ability] to process data limits its ability to discover and identify deviance .

Thus routine sampling of effluents , ordered though it may be by laboratory capacity , must be organized by the field officer to appear unpredictable .
thus routine sampling of effluents , ordered though it may be by laboratory [ability] , must be organized by the field officer to appear unpredictable .

Because grammatical elements typically need to have the capacity to combine normally with semantically very various roots , their meanings tend to be of a very general sort : the notion of past tense , for instance , can combine without anomaly with virtually any conceivable verbal notion .
because grammatical elements typically need to have the [ability] to combine normally with semantically very various roots , their meanings tend to be of a very general sort : the notion of past tense , for instance , can combine without anomaly with virtually any conceivable verbal notion .

If , however , a metaphor is used sufficiently frequently with a particular meaning , it loses its characteristic flavour , or piquancy , its capacity to surprise , and hearers encode the metaphorical meaning as one of the standard senses of the expression .
if , however , a metaphor is used sufficiently frequently with a particular meaning , it loses its characteristic flavour , or piquancy , its [ability] to surprise , and hearers encode the metaphorical meaning as one of the standard senses of the expression .

The essential defining characteristic of this relation is its capacity to give rise to pleonasm .
the essential defining characteristic of this relation is its [ability] to give rise to pleonasm .

So far , the card capacity has been largely limited to a mere 64 kilobytes and supply to third parties is controlled by Sharp which price them at up to £50 each , limiting the potential margin for would-be card publishers .
so far , the card [ability] has been largely limited to a mere 64 kilobytes and supply to third parties is controlled by sharp which price them at up to £50 each , limiting the potential margin for would-be card publishers .

It is the couple 's happy capacity to make a home anywhere , due to the fact that sea-going men have no ‘ place ’ of their own , that alters Kellynch .
it is the couple 's happy [ability] to make a home anywhere , due to the fact that sea-going men have no ‘ place ’ of their own , that alters kellynch .

For him the critical characteristic of the extended professional is : ‘ a capacity for autonomous professional self-development through systematic self-study , through the study of the work of other teachers and through the testing of ideas by classroom research procedures ’ .
for him the critical characteristic of the extended professional is : ‘ a [ability] for autonomous professional self-development through systematic self-study , through the study of the work of other teachers and through the testing of ideas by classroom research procedures ’ .

Some of these now strongly argue that evaluation which is initiated and conducted by teachers in response to their own perceived needs and interests has a greater capacity to promote professional development , because the role of teachers is extended but their autonomy is preserved .
some of these now strongly argue that evaluation which is initiated and conducted by teachers in response to their own perceived needs and interests has a greater [ability] to promote professional development , because the role of teachers is extended but their autonomy is preserved .

Even without any contribution from outsiders , the teachers at Priory School revealed a considerable capacity to innovate .
even without any contribution from outsiders , the teachers at priory school revealed a considerable [ability] to innovate .

In making the local state the main vehicle for advancing antiracist politics they have actively confused and confounded the black community 's capacity for autonomous self-organization .
in making the local state the main vehicle for advancing antiracist politics they have actively confused and confounded the black community 's [ability] for autonomous self-organization .

During the relevant years the school had surplus pupil capacity and was thus able to take the sons of the taxpayers without turning away other boys able to satisfy the educational entry requirement .
during the relevant years the school had surplus pupil [ability] and was thus able to take the sons of the taxpayers without turning away other boys able to satisfy the educational entry requirement .

The school had a capacity to accept 625 boys but in the relevant years the school was not full to capacity .
the school had a [ability] to accept 625 boys but in the relevant years the school was not full to [ability] .

All contemporary accounts suggest that eighteenth century seamen , brutal and violent as they could be under provocation , were hardly lacking in the capacity to organise in support of their claims , and by the standards of the day , to do so peaceably whenever the authorities kept their heads sufficiently to allow mediation to proceed .
all contemporary accounts suggest that eighteenth century seamen , brutal and violent as they could be under provocation , were hardly lacking in the [ability] to organise in support of their claims , and by the standards of the day , to do so peaceably whenever the authorities kept their heads sufficiently to allow mediation to proceed .

The Act therefore laid down a `` statement of particulars `` to be included in any contract — the nature and length of the voyage , the time to be on board , the capacity in which the seaman was to serve , the amount of wages and scale of provisions to be provided and any disciplinary rules or penalties to be applied while on board — thus anticipating by 122 years the detailing of terms universally required by the Contracts of Employment Act 1972 .
the act therefore laid down a `` statement of particulars `` to be included in any contract — the nature and length of the voyage , the time to be on board , the [ability] in which the seaman was to serve , the amount of wages and scale of provisions to be provided and any disciplinary rules or penalties to be applied while on board — thus anticipating by 122 years the detailing of terms universally required by the contracts of employment act 1972 .

On these rested the employers ' capacity to break any strike , while the union 's strength lay in its capacity to `` picket out `` the vessels and shipping offices concerned and to dry up the supply of blacklegs by intercepting the trains on which they arrived and by organizing the ports from which they had been recruited .
on these rested the employers ' [ability] to break any strike , while the union 's strength lay in its [ability] to `` picket out `` the vessels and shipping offices concerned and to dry up the supply of blacklegs by intercepting the trains on which they arrived and by organizing the ports from which they had been recruited .

An elderly man named John Thomas , who was still a member of the Association of Foremen Lightermen but who had not worked in that capacity for some two years and who was now a watchman , was approached to join Harry Gosling 's Amalgamated Society of Watermen , Lightermen and Watchmen of the River Thames .
an elderly man named john thomas , who was still a member of the association of foremen lightermen but who had not worked in that [ability] for some two years and who was now a watchman , was approached to join harry gosling 's amalgamated society of watermen , lightermen and watchmen of the river thames .

An `` agency `` ( or `` employment business `` , in the words of the 1973 Employment Agencies Act ) is a `` business … supplying persons in the employment of the person carrying on the business , to act for , and under the control of , other persons in any capacity `` ( 5.13 ( 3 ) ) , 1 but the word `` employment `` is used in a much wider sense than that of having a contract of employment .
an `` agency `` ( or `` employment business `` , in the words of the 1973 employment agencies act ) is a `` business … supplying persons in the employment of the person carrying on the business , to act for , and under the control of , other persons in any [ability] `` ( 5.13 ( 3 ) ) , 1 but the word `` employment `` is used in a much wider sense than that of having a contract of employment .

‘ It has been decided , and is now admitted , that where a visitor has acted in his visitatorial capacity , this court has no power to compel him to correct or alter his decision , although that decision may be erroneous .
‘ it has been decided , and is now admitted , that where a visitor has acted in his visitatorial [ability] , this court has no power to compel him to correct or alter his decision , although that decision may be erroneous .

The amount of pre-processing and speed of response will again depend on the size of the analysis and the capacity of the network .
the amount of pre-processing and speed of response will again depend on the size of the analysis and the [ability] of the network .

The days and nights that followed this procession became filled with the ghostly rhythms of the Ma'badong dance a cumulative mantric tone intended to induce altered states , which most successfully we found , interfered with our capacity to keep a grip on the job of filming .
the days and nights that followed this procession became filled with the ghostly rhythms of the ma'badong dance a cumulative mantric tone intended to induce altered states , which most successfully we found , interfered with our [ability] to keep a grip on the job of filming .

Man works far below his capacity ; some writers have put a figure on the deficiency but it is of little value to you to make quantitative estimates .
man works far below his [ability] ; some writers have put a figure on the deficiency but it is of little value to you to make quantitative estimates .

The knowledge that you possess must be displayed so as to show the examiner that you have the capacity of logical thought and can build further on your present state of development and knowledge .
the knowledge that you possess must be displayed so as to show the examiner that you have the [ability] of logical thought and can build further on your present state of development and knowledge .

The metric measurement of volume or capacity is based on cubic centimetres .
the metric measurement of volume or [ability] is based on cubic centimetres .

He had no faith in Mr Rose 's capacity to `` help `` him .
he had no faith in mr rose 's [ability] to `` help `` him .

On the other hand , there was the infinite English capacity for underplaying dramas , ignoring situations , pretending things were normal .
on the other hand , there was the infinite english [ability] for underplaying dramas , ignoring situations , pretending things were normal .

The notion that the cognitive processing necessary for one task can be assessed by measuring the spare capacity available for allocation to a second task is one that has proved useful in several areas of psychology ( Kalsbeek and Sykes , 1967 ) .
the notion that the cognitive processing necessary for one task can be assessed by measuring the spare [ability] available for allocation to a second task is one that has proved useful in several areas of psychology ( kalsbeek and sykes , 1967 ) .

This idea is based on the assumption that the overall capacity of the organism is limited , an assumption that has , as it happens , been questioned ( Neisser , 1973 ; Allport , 1980 ) .
this idea is based on the assumption that the overall [ability] of the organism is limited , an assumption that has , as it happens , been questioned ( neisser , 1973 ; allport , 1980 ) .

This was explained by arguing that the neural mechanisms underlying both motor control of the right hand and the production of speech are located within the same cerebral hemisphere and thus the two tasks compete for limited neural space or processing capacity .
this was explained by arguing that the neural mechanisms underlying both motor control of the right hand and the production of speech are located within the same cerebral hemisphere and thus the two tasks compete for limited neural space or processing [ability] .

The other is competition between two tasks for attention or cognitive processing capacity ( see also Lomas , 1980 ) .
the other is competition between two tasks for attention or cognitive processing [ability] ( see also lomas , 1980 ) .

Overall , it seems fair to conclude that the right hemisphere does possess some word processing capacity , probably more so for the written than for the spoken word , for concrete or early-learned rather than abstract or later-learned words and for receptive rather than executive aspects of language .
overall , it seems fair to conclude that the right hemisphere does possess some word processing [ability] , probably more so for the written than for the spoken word , for concrete or early-learned rather than abstract or later-learned words and for receptive rather than executive aspects of language .

The implications of this right hemisphere linguistic capacity in the re-training of dysphasic ( Glass , Gazzaniga and Premack , 1973 ; Sparks , Helm and Albert , 1976 ) and brain-injured dyslexic patients ( Carmon , Gordon , Bental and Harness , 1977 ) have already received some attention .
the implications of this right hemisphere linguistic [ability] in the re-training of dysphasic ( glass , gazzaniga and premack , 1973 ; sparks , helm and albert , 1976 ) and brain-injured dyslexic patients ( carmon , gordon , bental and harness , 1977 ) have already received some attention .

Alternatively some manufacturers produce recorders which are highly portable and have special built-in features such as an editing capability and the capacity to produce your own word captions .
alternatively some manufacturers produce recorders which are highly portable and have special built-in features such as an editing capability and the [ability] to produce your own word captions .

The whole system requires several people to operate it if it is to be used to its full capacity .
the whole system requires several people to operate it if it is to be used to its full [ability] .

Some machines have the capacity to freeze the picture on the screen when you pause and we discussed in Chapter 1 the way picture quality can vary between videodisc and videocassette when you do this .
some machines have the [ability] to freeze the picture on the screen when you pause and we discussed in chapter 1 the way picture quality can vary between videodisc and videocassette when you do this .

The interactivity lies in the computer 's capacity to respond to what the user does .
the interactivity lies in the computer 's [ability] to respond to what the user does .

This adds two features : the capacity to branch in different directions and the capacity to keep a record of what the user does .
this adds two features : the [ability] to branch in different directions and the [ability] to keep a record of what the user does .

( iii ) How might you improve this capacity in the future ?
( iii ) how might you improve this [ability] in the future ?

It is well known that female Prosobranch gastropods have the capacity to store sperm for short periods ( Fretter and Graham , 1962 ) .
it is well known that female prosobranch gastropods have the [ability] to store sperm for short periods ( fretter and graham , 1962 ) .

capacity .
[ability] .

Avoid those containing methylene blue , which may halt the activity of filter bacteria ; be sure to calculate the dosage correctly ( for which you will need to know the exact volume of your pond , including filter capacity ) ; and check that Orfe , Rudd and any Centrarchids like Sun bass will not be adversely affected .
avoid those containing methylene blue , which may halt the activity of filter bacteria ; be sure to calculate the dosage correctly ( for which you will need to know the exact volume of your pond , including filter [ability] ) ; and check that orfe , rudd and any centrarchids like sun bass will not be adversely affected .

Use a smooth , round container of known capacity ; aerate the water while treatment is being carried out , and watch the fish constantly for signs of distress — if it keels over , return it immediately to the pond .
use a smooth , round container of known [ability] ; aerate the water while treatment is being carried out , and watch the fish constantly for signs of distress — if it keels over , return it immediately to the pond .

Bearing in mind that the fish you already have in your pond will grow and place an increasing burden on the filter as they get bigger , you are probably getting close to the capacity of your pond and filter .
bearing in mind that the fish you already have in your pond will grow and place an increasing burden on the filter as they get bigger , you are probably getting close to the [ability] of your pond and filter .

The expatriate 's role is often poorly defined ; instead of genuine capacity building , expatriates simply plug gaps .
the expatriate 's role is often poorly defined ; instead of genuine [ability] building , expatriates simply plug gaps .

Public service capacity would improve and the need for expatriates would decrease by more than ten percent ( Green , n.d. , 1992 ) .
public service [ability] would improve and the need for expatriates would decrease by more than ten percent ( green , n.d. , 1992 ) .

CBHPs aim to help build self-reliant communities in health , defining a truly self-reliant community as one that is ‘ built on the peoples ’ capacity to take care of themselves by tapping and developing local and external human and material resources ’ .
cbhps aim to help build self-reliant communities in health , defining a truly self-reliant community as one that is ‘ built on the peoples ’ [ability] to take care of themselves by tapping and developing local and external human and material resources ’ .

By lobbying local health officials and encouraging private institutions to reduce costs for patients with limited capacity to pay , CBHPs not only help people have access to the care they need but also make health professionals more aware of and responsive to the real needs of the poor .
by lobbying local health officials and encouraging private institutions to reduce costs for patients with limited [ability] to pay , cbhps not only help people have access to the care they need but also make health professionals more aware of and responsive to the real needs of the poor .

It would be helpful to consider what Dr Slabbert said at the conference in Johannesburg on August 2 , 1991 , namely that the Department of National Health has the capacity to deal with major health problems .
it would be helpful to consider what dr slabbert said at the conference in johannesburg on august 2 , 1991 , namely that the department of national health has the [ability] to deal with major health problems .

Admittedly , in cases covered by section 17 , the capacity of the Court of Appeal to set aside an order of the House of Lords is invested by clear statutory implication .
admittedly , in cases covered by section 17 , the [ability] of the court of appeal to set aside an order of the house of lords is invested by clear statutory implication .

Her own physical ‘ coming down ’ process takes longer than yours , and unlike most men , her capacity for further climaxes is theoretically unlimited .
her own physical ‘ coming down ’ process takes longer than yours , and unlike most men , her [ability] for further climaxes is theoretically unlimited .

Lying awake , she is still interested in , and has the capacity to go to , several more rounds .
lying awake , she is still interested in , and has the [ability] to go to , several more rounds .

Compared to mammals other than humans , chimpanzees have a considerable learning capacity .
compared to mammals other than humans , chimpanzees have a considerable learning [ability] .

Yet despite this capacity to learn , the behavioural repertoire of chimpanzees is rudimentary and limited compared to people .
yet despite this [ability] to learn , the behavioural repertoire of chimpanzees is rudimentary and limited compared to people .

Classes emerge when the productive capacity of society expands beyond the level required for subsistence .
classes emerge when the productive [ability] of society expands beyond the level required for subsistence .

If insects are being named at the rate of about 7,250 species a year and synonymized at about 1,450 a year , then these rates are within our capacity for entry into master inventories .
if insects are being named at the rate of about 7,250 species a year and synonymized at about 1,450 a year , then these rates are within our [ability] for entry into master inventories .

This curious story is of interest because it is rare in classical ( as opposed to hellenistic or Roman ) Greece for an oppressed group to find a leader with the capacity to defy organized city-state forces .
this curious story is of interest because it is rare in classical ( as opposed to hellenistic or roman ) greece for an oppressed group to find a leader with the [ability] to defy organized city-state forces .

This , in turn , may reduce community leadership and innovative capacity in the village .
this , in turn , may reduce community leadership and innovative [ability] in the village .

Personal mobility has been defined as ‘ the capacity that a person possesses for getting around … ’ ( Hillman et al .
personal mobility has been defined as ‘ the [ability] that a person possesses for getting around … ’ ( hillman et al .

Apart from these ‘ peak ’ hours , there is often a considerable surplus capacity , with buses and drivers perhaps being inefficiently used .
apart from these ‘ peak ’ hours , there is often a considerable surplus [ability] , with buses and drivers perhaps being inefficiently used .

These should have the capacity for absorbing large numbers of people from nearby towns .
these should have the [ability] for absorbing large numbers of people from nearby towns .

It is sometimes claimed , however , that in fact we are fooling ourselves and our capacity to predict what will happen is not very good .
it is sometimes claimed , however , that in fact we are fooling ourselves and our [ability] to predict what will happen is not very good .

But it emphasised the point that the capacity to signal and the capacity to learn combine to make animal communication increasingly rich and complicated .
but it emphasised the point that the [ability] to signal and the [ability] to learn combine to make animal communication increasingly rich and complicated .

Capacity to learn about associations in the world is clearly of great value in a variable environment and appeared at an early stage in animal evolution .
[ability] to learn about associations in the world is clearly of great value in a variable environment and appeared at an early stage in animal evolution .

All would lead to more computing capacity and larger brains .
all would lead to more computing [ability] and larger brains .

The question is whether he is wrong to argue that the capacity for language does not carry any benefit to the individual and , therefore , was not subject to further evolution .
the question is whether he is wrong to argue that the [ability] for language does not carry any benefit to the individual and , therefore , was not subject to further evolution .

He certainly does tend to separate new techniques and technologies out from the total matrix of forces playing on production and reproduction , and to exaggerate their as it were naked power ; and he does underestimate the capacity of the capitalist media industries to channel the use made of them to suit their own interests , nullifying radical potential .
he certainly does tend to separate new techniques and technologies out from the total matrix of forces playing on production and reproduction , and to exaggerate their as it were naked power ; and he does underestimate the [ability] of the capitalist media industries to channel the use made of them to suit their own interests , nullifying radical potential .

This leads to a system of values whose chief criterion seems to be lack of popularity ( that is , of commercial success ) , whose musical politics is governed by a continuous effort to be ‘ challenging ’ and ‘ difficult ’ so as to outwit the equally continuous capacity of the industry to exploit innovation , and whose approach to production is based on a ‘ folk spontaneity ’ model which sees ‘ real ’ music-making as arising ‘ naturally ’ , independent of the influence of existing codes , roles and practices .
this leads to a system of values whose chief criterion seems to be lack of popularity ( that is , of commercial success ) , whose musical politics is governed by a continuous effort to be ‘ challenging ’ and ‘ difficult ’ so as to outwit the equally continuous [ability] of the industry to exploit innovation , and whose approach to production is based on a ‘ folk spontaneity ’ model which sees ‘ real ’ music-making as arising ‘ naturally ’ , independent of the influence of existing codes , roles and practices .

From another point of view , what has happened is that an older Left position , whose model of an anti-commercial , genuinely ‘ popular ’ culture is ‘ folk ’ music ( regarded as a useful source primarily because of its potential for politically progressive lyric content ) , has been rewritten with an emphasis on the progressive potential of new , electrically mediated form , and its capacity to recreate community as an ‘ echo ’ of the ‘ folk ’ .
from another point of view , what has happened is that an older left position , whose model of an anti-commercial , genuinely ‘ popular ’ culture is ‘ folk ’ music ( regarded as a useful source primarily because of its potential for politically progressive lyric content ) , has been rewritten with an emphasis on the progressive potential of new , electrically mediated form , and its [ability] to recreate community as an ‘ echo ’ of the ‘ folk ’ .

Maybe there is a confusing conflation here of ‘ mechanical reproducibility ’ and what has been called ‘ electronic producibility ’ : the capacity to transform , extend and decentralize production itself .
maybe there is a confusing conflation here of ‘ mechanical reproducibility ’ and what has been called ‘ electronic producibility ’ : the [ability] to transform , extend and decentralize production itself .

The development of economic planning directed towards the well-being of workers and their families , retired workers and those unable to work , both immediately — in terms of material living standards — and in the longer term ( planning of investment in industrial capacity , social ‘ infrastructure ’ and social amenities ; avoidance of long-term environmental degradation ) .
the development of economic planning directed towards the well-being of workers and their families , retired workers and those unable to work , both immediately — in terms of material living standards — and in the longer term ( planning of investment in industrial [ability] , social ‘ infrastructure ’ and social amenities ; avoidance of long-term environmental degradation ) .

Thus far , the effective popularisation of basic Keynesian arguments would help strengthen a socialist case for the social planning of investment as in the interests of workers , both immediately ( in terms of employment prospects and living standards ) and in their capacity as savers for the future .
thus far , the effective popularisation of basic keynesian arguments would help strengthen a socialist case for the social planning of investment as in the interests of workers , both immediately ( in terms of employment prospects and living standards ) and in their [ability] as savers for the future .

‘ Instead it can , for example , be based on the argument that any particular agent 's capacity to absorb information is finite , and that broadly therefore the smaller the unit to be controlled the greater the likelihood of competence sufficient to make the necessary judgement .
‘ instead it can , for example , be based on the argument that any particular agent 's [ability] to absorb information is finite , and that broadly therefore the smaller the unit to be controlled the greater the likelihood of competence sufficient to make the necessary judgement .

Translated into market terms , this means that the labour power capable of performing the process may be purchased more cheaply as dissociated elements than as a capacity integrated in a single worker ’ ( Braverman , 1974 , pp .
translated into market terms , this means that the labour power capable of performing the process may be purchased more cheaply as dissociated elements than as a [ability] integrated in a single worker ’ ( braverman , 1974 , pp .

But if one rejects this view and credits people with a capacity to judge matters for themselves this does not mean that one should take an uncritical attitude towards poll findings .
but if one rejects this view and credits people with a [ability] to judge matters for themselves this does not mean that one should take an uncritical attitude towards poll findings .

In a word , governments have made themselves unpopular with their manifold ‘ failures ’ , those failures are traceable to their basic failure to restructure the social relations of British capitalism , and yet there has been no social force with the ‘ will ’ and capacity to enforce any radical restructuring against the opposition which any such move must encounter .
in a word , governments have made themselves unpopular with their manifold ‘ failures ’ , those failures are traceable to their basic failure to restructure the social relations of british capitalism , and yet there has been no social force with the ‘ will ’ and [ability] to enforce any radical restructuring against the opposition which any such move must encounter .

It was this drive that led travellers to comment on the Catalans ' capacity to make ‘ soil out of rock ’ .
it was this drive that led travellers to comment on the catalans ' [ability] to make ‘ soil out of rock ’ .

Its continued prosperity depended on three conditions : Spain 's control of the seas , her continued political control of a vast empire , and her capacity to supply her colonies with the goods they needed .
its continued prosperity depended on three conditions : spain 's control of the seas , her continued political control of a vast empire , and her [ability] to supply her colonies with the goods they needed .

The communities which have left archaeological deposits are necessarily ones which have survived in competition with others , yet their capacity to survive depended not merely on the effectiveness of their economies and technology , but also on maintaining standards of excellence .
the communities which have left archaeological deposits are necessarily ones which have survived in competition with others , yet their [ability] to survive depended not merely on the effectiveness of their economies and technology , but also on maintaining standards of excellence .

The high esteem in which gold has been held in most parts of the world , the relative ease with which it can be wrought and not least its capacity for combining with other desirable things have led to its being favoured above all others for jewellery , objects of parade and a variety of insignia of status .
the high esteem in which gold has been held in most parts of the world , the relative ease with which it can be wrought and not least its [ability] for combining with other desirable things have led to its being favoured above all others for jewellery , objects of parade and a variety of insignia of status .

Although the quality of diamonds which most immediately strikes the modern imagination is their capacity to command attention as symbols of majesty or affluence by reason of their fire and lustre , it was their quality as the hardest substance on earth that first engaged attention .
although the quality of diamonds which most immediately strikes the modern imagination is their [ability] to command attention as symbols of majesty or affluence by reason of their fire and lustre , it was their quality as the hardest substance on earth that first engaged attention .

It was those with the highest levels of skill in whom the capacity for independent thought and initiative was most developed .
it was those with the highest levels of skill in whom the [ability] for independent thought and initiative was most developed .

With its seemingly endless capacity for dealing surprises , the penis might be one of nature 's cruellest jokes
with its seemingly endless [ability] for dealing surprises , the penis might be one of nature 's cruellest jokes

The top-security ‘ dispersal prisons ’ are frequently not filled to capacity , while overcrowding is concentrated in local prisons ( which predominantly house remand prisoners and those on short-term sentences ) .
the top-security ‘ dispersal prisons ’ are frequently not filled to [ability] , while overcrowding is concentrated in local prisons ( which predominantly house remand prisoners and those on short-term sentences ) .

This forms part of their occupational culture and helps to explain the strongly negative values placed on imprisonment because of the damage it is known to inflict , not least on a person 's capacity to re-enter the community subsequently .
this forms part of their occupational culture and helps to explain the strongly negative values placed on imprisonment because of the damage it is known to inflict , not least on a person 's [ability] to re-enter the community subsequently .

Rostov stopped , aware that he had been indulging his capacity for mental arithmetic for easily twice that period of time .
rostov stopped , aware that he had been indulging his [ability] for mental arithmetic for easily twice that period of time .

Rostov exercised his capacity for mental arithmetic and blinked .
rostov exercised his [ability] for mental arithmetic and blinked .

‘ The paperback market had now improved somewhat , and we believe that book production capacity and demand are more in balance than for some time ’ , he added .
‘ the paperback market had now improved somewhat , and we believe that book production [ability] and demand are more in balance than for some time ’ , he added .

Analysis of the issue is complicated by questions about the changing composition of the labour force , which large numbers of married women have joined since the war , and about the extent to which the unemployed lack the skills and capacity now required by industry .
analysis of the issue is complicated by questions about the changing composition of the labour force , which large numbers of married women have joined since the war , and about the extent to which the unemployed lack the skills and [ability] now required by industry .

Yet in the 1980s the capacity of a determined government to ‘ sit out ’ forms of direct action — most obviously in the case of the 1985 miners ' strike — raises doubts even about this form of pressure-group action .
yet in the 1980s the [ability] of a determined government to ‘ sit out ’ forms of direct action — most obviously in the case of the 1985 miners ' strike — raises doubts even about this form of pressure-group action .

It is important to look more closely at the ways in which , regardless of the possession of a direct capacity to disrupt the political system , particular groups enjoy an institutionalized relationship to the political system .
it is important to look more closely at the ways in which , regardless of the possession of a direct [ability] to disrupt the political system , particular groups enjoy an institutionalized relationship to the political system .

The determinants of an individuals ' welfare can be broadly classified as depending upon their own capacity to care for themselves combined with ( a ) market activities and relationships ; ( b ) the behaviour of ‘ significant others ’ as providers of ‘ informal care ’ amongst whom family members are likely to be the most important ; and ( c ) the role played by the state .
the determinants of an individuals ' welfare can be broadly classified as depending upon their own [ability] to care for themselves combined with ( a ) market activities and relationships ; ( b ) the behaviour of ‘ significant others ’ as providers of ‘ informal care ’ amongst whom family members are likely to be the most important ; and ( c ) the role played by the state .

All will be disturbed and unhappy to some extent at the loss of familiar surroundings and some will be deeply hurt in their capacity to trust and respond to the people who endeavour to provide substitute homes .
all will be disturbed and unhappy to some extent at the loss of familiar surroundings and some will be deeply hurt in their [ability] to trust and respond to the people who endeavour to provide substitute homes .

Family Groups are a major preventive approach , strengthening families in their capacity to cope with the stresses of financial difficulties , urban living , family life and child-rearing .
family groups are a major preventive approach , strengthening families in their [ability] to cope with the stresses of financial difficulties , urban living , family life and child-rearing .

Gradually their capacity to care for themselves fully is reduced so that they require help with heavier cleaning jobs or gardening , then help with routine tasks such as shopping and cooking and finally , in some cases , help even with feeding , washing and dressing themselves .
gradually their [ability] to care for themselves fully is reduced so that they require help with heavier cleaning jobs or gardening , then help with routine tasks such as shopping and cooking and finally , in some cases , help even with feeding , washing and dressing themselves .

It has been argued that the scheme is geared too closely to the needs of the industrial worker disabled by accident or disease in middle life , who , following full medical care and rehabilitation , needs help in returning to the routine of work , in adjusting to disability and in finding new skills within his or her capacity .
it has been argued that the scheme is geared too closely to the needs of the industrial worker disabled by accident or disease in middle life , who , following full medical care and rehabilitation , needs help in returning to the routine of work , in adjusting to disability and in finding new skills within his or her [ability] .

Obviously most severely disabled persons are likely to have financial problems as they have either a limited earning capacity or even none at all .
obviously most severely disabled persons are likely to have financial problems as they have either a limited earning [ability] or even none at all .

In other words , many mentally ill people were defined as ill because of a breakdown in their social relationships ; drugs might relieve some of the symptomatic tension but help was needed to remedy the causes by encouraging patients to participate in a community that improved the capacity of all its members — patients and therapists — to relate in a meaningful way to one another .
in other words , many mentally ill people were defined as ill because of a breakdown in their social relationships ; drugs might relieve some of the symptomatic tension but help was needed to remedy the causes by encouraging patients to participate in a community that improved the [ability] of all its members — patients and therapists — to relate in a meaningful way to one another .

It is the older wife in a divorce case , who has no recent contact with the labour market or a poor earning capacity , who has sometimes much to lose through the ending of her marriage .
it is the older wife in a divorce case , who has no recent contact with the labour market or a poor earning [ability] , who has sometimes much to lose through the ending of her marriage .

Universities are ready to go for the big time and exploit their earning capacity in a way they have n't in the past .
universities are ready to go for the big time and exploit their earning [ability] in a way they have n't in the past .

If you use a fax card you 'll be ecstatic to see that WordStar has the capacity to create faxable files in a matter of seconds .
if you use a fax card you 'll be ecstatic to see that wordstar has the [ability] to create faxable files in a matter of seconds .

The more that their budget is diverted to fundholding practices , the more their capacity to do so will be undermined , to the detriment of important areas of service for all patients .
the more that their budget is diverted to fundholding practices , the more their [ability] to do so will be undermined , to the detriment of important areas of service for all patients .

Whether doctors should concentrate solely on the clinical aspects of general practice or act in a wider capacity to tackle the underlying causes of ill health is a subject often discussed .
whether doctors should concentrate solely on the clinical aspects of general practice or act in a wider [ability] to tackle the underlying causes of ill health is a subject often discussed .

At the time of the decision the patient needs a capacity commensurate with the gravity of that decision .
at the time of the decision the patient needs a [ability] commensurate with the gravity of that decision .

If the patient lacks the requisite capacity , then the doctors must act in what they perceive to be his or her best interests , with information garnered from previous knowledge of the patient , discussion with family and friends , and taking into account any relevant directive previously made by the patient .
if the patient lacks the requisite [ability] , then the doctors must act in what they perceive to be his or her best interests , with information garnered from previous knowledge of the patient , discussion with family and friends , and taking into account any relevant directive previously made by the patient .

Patients who may benefit most include those who have multiple cardiac risk factors , a low exercise capacity , are slow to adjust psychologically to a new lifestyle , or have had recent cardiac surgery .
patients who may benefit most include those who have multiple cardiac risk factors , a low exercise [ability] , are slow to adjust psychologically to a new lifestyle , or have had recent cardiac surgery .

Greater awareness needed of their capacity for harm
greater awareness needed of their [ability] for harm

January 1894 , when twenty members were present , The subject of Debate `` Should women be allowed to appear in a public capacity `` was discussed , Mr. Osborne leading on the affirmative side , and Mr. James Christie on the negative .
january 1894 , when twenty members were present , the subject of debate `` should women be allowed to appear in a public [ability] `` was discussed , mr. osborne leading on the affirmative side , and mr. james christie on the negative .

The new science was guided by his conviction that the ‘ light of nature ’ endowed the human race with the capacity to attain dominion over nature and , indeed , command over the stars .
the new science was guided by his conviction that the ‘ light of nature ’ endowed the human race with the [ability] to attain dominion over nature and , indeed , command over the stars .

The doctor and team must anticipate the natural course of the patient 's illness and the capacity of the carer ( s ) to cope if home care is to succeed .
the doctor and team must anticipate the natural course of the patient 's illness and the [ability] of the carer ( s ) to cope if home care is to succeed .

Others , preferring continuity of care , would prefer to extend their care capacity , in partnership with social work and health , allowing dementing patients to continue to live in their own homes .
others , preferring continuity of care , would prefer to extend their care [ability] , in partnership with social work and health , allowing dementing patients to continue to live in their own homes .

The acquisition of language — an incredibly daunting task to one who has never heard it and never will — is therefore of crucial importance to a prelingually deaf child without an education which teaches him language his potential capacity and intelligence are forever wasted and he is destined to lead a primitive life appearing mentally defective to a hearing world .
the acquisition of language — an incredibly daunting task to one who has never heard it and never will — is therefore of crucial importance to a prelingually deaf child without an education which teaches him language his potential [ability] and intelligence are forever wasted and he is destined to lead a primitive life appearing mentally defective to a hearing world .

Manualists , by contrast , believe that signing and fingerspelling are essential tools in the learning process and that lipreading and speech are , in any case , beyond the capacity of the majority of deaf and dumb children .
manualists , by contrast , believe that signing and fingerspelling are essential tools in the learning process and that lipreading and speech are , in any case , beyond the [ability] of the majority of deaf and dumb children .

In this capacity he soon got to know the leaders of the deaf community and other missioners throughout the United Kingdom , and attended the International Congress of the Deaf and Dumb in Paris in 1889 .
in this [ability] he soon got to know the leaders of the deaf community and other missioners throughout the united kingdom , and attended the international congress of the deaf and dumb in paris in 1889 .

collective security During the four years that Nizan was writing in his capacity as foreign-affairs correspondent for L'Humanite ( 1935–7 ) and Ce Soir ( 1937–9 ) , he ceaselessly and fearlessly articulated a coherent antifascist diplomatic strategy based on the principle of collective security .
collective security during the four years that nizan was writing in his [ability] as foreign-affairs correspondent for l'humanite ( 1935–7 ) and ce soir ( 1937–9 ) , he ceaselessly and fearlessly articulated a coherent antifascist diplomatic strategy based on the principle of collective security .

Three weeks later , at a time when the imperialist war thesis was very much in the ascendency , he was more specific : The French communists lacked the necessary cynicism and the capacity for political deception that would have been required to gain the maximum benefit from a dangerous diplomatic operation .
three weeks later , at a time when the imperialist war thesis was very much in the ascendency , he was more specific : the french communists lacked the necessary cynicism and the [ability] for political deception that would have been required to gain the maximum benefit from a dangerous diplomatic operation .

His words constitute a fervent expression of faith in a new creed , a new political and social system , a new kind of literature which together have a rejuvenating and energising capacity that stands in marked contrast to the corruption and dissolution of a decaying , moribund capitalist society .
his words constitute a fervent expression of faith in a new creed , a new political and social system , a new kind of literature which together have a rejuvenating and energising [ability] that stands in marked contrast to the corruption and dissolution of a decaying , moribund capitalist society .

Daytime and mixed day and night wetters have certain aetiological differences from night wetters , although there is much overlap : they are more likely to have had an adverse perinatal history , their bladder capacity tends to be smaller , and they are more likely to suffer urinary tract infection .
daytime and mixed day and night wetters have certain aetiological differences from night wetters , although there is much overlap : they are more likely to have had an adverse perinatal history , their bladder [ability] tends to be smaller , and they are more likely to suffer urinary tract infection .

That so much effort has gone into getting general practitioners on board is a tribute to the widely held view within social services that general practitioners are not central to community care , but their capacity for throwing a spanner in the works is considerable .
that so much effort has gone into getting general practitioners on board is a tribute to the widely held view within social services that general practitioners are not central to community care , but their [ability] for throwing a spanner in the works is considerable .

It is precisely in virtue of his capacity to grasp this possibility that man is `` ontologically fundamental `` .
it is precisely in virtue of his [ability] to grasp this possibility that man is `` ontologically fundamental `` .

If the utilities can find another way of generating electricity that reduces the excess capacity that needs to be built , their investment requirement will be significantly reduced .
if the utilities can find another way of generating electricity that reduces the excess [ability] that needs to be built , their investment requirement will be significantly reduced .

Moreover , while there are good reasons for concern about the availability of services for ‘ revolving door patients ’ during the run down of the old psychiatric hospitals and while doubts remain over the capacity of district general hospital units to provide appropriate care to people in crisis , the relocation of the long stay population of psychiatric hospitals is achieving some successful results .
moreover , while there are good reasons for concern about the availability of services for ‘ revolving door patients ’ during the run down of the old psychiatric hospitals and while doubts remain over the [ability] of district general hospital units to provide appropriate care to people in crisis , the relocation of the long stay population of psychiatric hospitals is achieving some successful results .

Funding restrictions may be partly responsible for these absences , but they also reflect the mental health system 's capacity to resist new responses to mental distress .
funding restrictions may be partly responsible for these absences , but they also reflect the mental health system 's [ability] to resist new responses to mental distress .

The only vice not tolerated in Soho was the capacity to bore .
the only vice not tolerated in soho was the [ability] to bore .

In addition Norman 's capacity for enjoyment made him an excellent companion on their trips abroad .
in addition norman 's [ability] for enjoyment made him an excellent companion on their trips abroad .

The self-supporting framework builds on the children 's existing collective resources : their knowledge and experience , their social relationships , their capacity to support and stimulate one another through shared interests and concerns .
the self-supporting framework builds on the children 's existing collective resources : their knowledge and experience , their social relationships , their [ability] to support and stimulate one another through shared interests and concerns .

In this way they have developed their capacity to be autonomous learners .
in this way they have developed their [ability] to be autonomous learners .

Despite a formal assertion of understanding the actions of human beings in the terms of those human beings themselves and , either explicitly or implicitly , an associated recognition of the capacity of collective social actors for changing the world , these authors have often seen the imperatives of the production process and capital 's organization of it as absolutely overweening .
despite a formal assertion of understanding the actions of human beings in the terms of those human beings themselves and , either explicitly or implicitly , an associated recognition of the [ability] of collective social actors for changing the world , these authors have often seen the imperatives of the production process and capital 's organization of it as absolutely overweening .

It was always concerned with coal shipment but in the nineteenth century the work of the Tyne Improvement Commission transformed the capacity of the port , and a modern transport infrastructure including a rail network was developed .
it was always concerned with coal shipment but in the nineteenth century the work of the tyne improvement commission transformed the [ability] of the port , and a modern transport infrastructure including a rail network was developed .

However , there is a distinction between admiration for the productive capacity of capitalism , the sense of which has always lain behind working-class hopes for the future because of a realization of the enormous capacity of the forces of production , and a kind of shocked acceptance of the innovative capacity of capital as a social force in creating conditions for its continued reproduction .
however , there is a distinction between admiration for the productive [ability] of capitalism , the sense of which has always lain behind working-class hopes for the future because of a realization of the enormous [ability] of the forces of production , and a kind of shocked acceptance of the innovative [ability] of capital as a social force in creating conditions for its continued reproduction .

Old-fashioned notions that a woman 's anatomy , through her capacity to bear children , determined the shape of her entire life have been replaced by complex debates as to how different social structures have interacted to produce the variety of patterns of gender relations which are to be found across different societies and over time .
old-fashioned notions that a woman 's anatomy , through her [ability] to bear children , determined the shape of her entire life have been replaced by complex debates as to how different social structures have interacted to produce the variety of patterns of gender relations which are to be found across different societies and over time .

On the one hand , a great deal is expected of them , particularly in the capacity to provide emotional and physical support for husband and wife .
on the one hand , a great deal is expected of them , particularly in the [ability] to provide emotional and physical support for husband and wife .

Everything was right — the place , the time , her own age , the excitement in the air and the capacity to feel it .
everything was right — the place , the time , her own age , the excitement in the air and the [ability] to feel it .

The capacity to generate electricity has been taken even farther by one fish in the Amazon , the electric eel .
the [ability] to generate electricity has been taken even farther by one fish in the amazon , the electric eel .

Mervyn Pinfield 's role as Associate Producer on Doctor Who was agreed to be mostly in an advisory capacity .
mervyn pinfield 's role as associate producer on doctor who was agreed to be mostly in an advisory [ability] .

They are at maximum capacity , optimum power .
they are at maximum [ability] , optimum power .

‘ Yes , yes , ’ the Doctor was saying , ‘ of course you have enough processing capacity .
‘ yes , yes , ’ the doctor was saying , ‘ of course you have enough processing [ability] .

‘ After much talk of shape , height , floor space , safety , capacity , shipping , assembly , colours , themes and aesthetics we had a forest of drawings — and then a first prototype .
‘ after much talk of shape , height , floor space , safety , [ability] , shipping , assembly , colours , themes and aesthetics we had a forest of drawings — and then a first prototype .

Reed Children 's Books and Books for Students , the Warwick-based school and library supplier , have just announced that in that capacity she will be a judge for a new competition for primary school children — the first prize being a week 's holiday for a whole class at children 's author Michael Morpurgo 's farm in Devon .
reed children 's books and books for students , the warwick-based school and library supplier , have just announced that in that [ability] she will be a judge for a new competition for primary school children — the first prize being a week 's holiday for a whole class at children 's author michael morpurgo 's farm in devon .

Often he suspected he had n't the capacity to sustain either love or hate .
often he suspected he had n't the [ability] to sustain either love or hate .

He said , ‘ You understand that in my capacity as stage manager it 's my job not only to train you in your chosen career but to guide you in other respects .
he said , ‘ you understand that in my [ability] as stage manager it 's my job not only to train you in your chosen career but to guide you in other respects .

Virgin had , to a large extent , been built on Branson 's abilities at man-management and manipulation — his unrivalled capacity , as one friend put it , ‘ to get people to do things for him , and feel that they are the ones who have been done a favour ’ .
virgin had , to a large extent , been built on branson 's abilities at man-management and manipulation — his unrivalled [ability] , as one friend put it , ‘ to get people to do things for him , and feel that they are the ones who have been done a favour ’ .

Joan was told that the baby would be unlikely to survive , but she was advised to give birth naturally , to avoid gynaecological problems that might affect her capacity to have children in the future .
joan was told that the baby would be unlikely to survive , but she was advised to give birth naturally , to avoid gynaecological problems that might affect her [ability] to have children in the future .

Flying at full capacity which was highly unlikely — the airline could show a $ 9m profit in its first year .
flying at full [ability] which was highly unlikely — the airline could show a $ 9m profit in its first year .

It would need to be flying with 70 per cent capacity to break even ; for every percent above that it would make $ 250,000 .
it would need to be flying with 70 per cent [ability] to break even ; for every percent above that it would make $ 250,000 .

It had been running at more than 90 per cent capacity through the peak season , and weathered the lean winter months to show a profit of more than £250,000 .
it had been running at more than 90 per cent [ability] through the peak season , and weathered the lean winter months to show a profit of more than £250,000 .

Will — Attestation — Testator 's signature — Testator writing name on will before setting out dispositive provisions — Will attested by two witnesses — Whether ‘ signed ’ by testator — Whether will validly executed — Whether testator having testamentary capacity — Wills Act 1837 ( 7 Will . 4 & 1 Vict. c. 26 ) , s. 9(a) ( b ) ( as substituted by Administration of Justice Act 1982 ( c. 53 ) , s. 17 )
will — attestation — testator 's signature — testator writing name on will before setting out dispositive provisions — will attested by two witnesses — whether ‘ signed ’ by testator — whether will validly executed — whether testator having testamentary [ability] — wills act 1837 ( 7 will . 4 & 1 vict. c. 26 ) , s. 9(a) ( b ) ( as substituted by administration of justice act 1982 ( c. 53 ) , s. 17 )

The deputy judge refused probate of the 1982 document on the grounds that it had not been duly executed in that , although the amendment by section 17 of the Administration of Justice Act 1982 of section 9 of the Wills Act 1837 allowed a valid signature to be made otherwise than at the foot of the will , it had not altered the requirement that the testator should have made his will before signing it ; and that , in any event , the testator had lacked testamentary capacity .
the deputy judge refused probate of the 1982 document on the grounds that it had not been duly executed in that , although the amendment by section 17 of the administration of justice act 1982 of section 9 of the wills act 1837 allowed a valid signature to be made otherwise than at the foot of the will , it had not altered the requirement that the testator should have made his will before signing it ; and that , in any event , the testator had lacked testamentary [ability] .

The deputy judge found for the plaintiffs and held that the 1986 document had not been validly executed and that the deceased had lacked testamentary capacity when it was made .
the deputy judge found for the plaintiffs and held that the 1986 document had not been validly executed and that the deceased had lacked testamentary [ability] when it was made .

The first defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the deputy judge had been wrong in law in holding that for the substituted section 9 ( b ) of the Wills Act 1837 to be satisfied the testator had to make his signature after making the dispositive provisions ; and ( 2 ) there was no sufficient evidence upon which the deputy judge could have found that the testator had not been of testamentary capacity at the time he had made and signed the alleged codicil on 18 April 1986 .
the first defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the deputy judge had been wrong in law in holding that for the substituted section 9 ( b ) of the wills act 1837 to be satisfied the testator had to make his signature after making the dispositive provisions ; and ( 2 ) there was no sufficient evidence upon which the deputy judge could have found that the testator had not been of testamentary [ability] at the time he had made and signed the alleged codicil on 18 april 1986 .

Testamentary capacity
testamentary [ability]

The deputy judge commented that Dr. Rao ‘ clearly was very doubtful to say the least that Mr. Winterbone had the necessary testamentary capacity on 18 April .
the deputy judge commented that dr. rao ‘ clearly was very doubtful to say the least that mr. winterbone had the necessary testamentary [ability] on 18 april .

‘ the burden is upon the defendant , Mr. Smith , to satisfy the court on the balance of probabilities that Mr. Winterbone did have the necessary capacity .
‘ the burden is upon the defendant , mr. smith , to satisfy the court on the balance of probabilities that mr. winterbone did have the necessary [ability] .

‘ that on the evidence before the court the defendants have not satisfied the burden of proving on the balance of probabilities that [ the testator ] did truly have sufficient capacity to comprehend the extent of his property or the nature of the claims of those whom he was excluding .
‘ that on the evidence before the court the defendants have not satisfied the burden of proving on the balance of probabilities that [ the testator ] did truly have sufficient [ability] to comprehend the extent of his property or the nature of the claims of those whom he was excluding .

The fact that ‘ emergency cases ’ apart , no medical treatment of an adult patient of full capacity can be undertaken without his consent , creates a situation in which the absence of consent has much the same effect as a refusal .
the fact that ‘ emergency cases ’ apart , no medical treatment of an adult patient of full [ability] can be undertaken without his consent , creates a situation in which the absence of consent has much the same effect as a refusal .

Capacity to decide
[ability] to decide

The right to decide one 's own fate presupposes a capacity to do so .
the right to decide one 's own fate presupposes a [ability] to do so .

Every adult is presumed to have that capacity , but it is a presumption which can be rebutted .
every adult is presumed to have that [ability] , but it is a presumption which can be rebutted .

Doctors faced with a refusal of consent have to give very careful and detailed consideration to the patient 's capacity to decide at the time when the decision was made .
doctors faced with a refusal of consent have to give very careful and detailed consideration to the patient 's [ability] to decide at the time when the decision was made .

It may not be the simple case of the patient having no capacity because , for example , at that time he had hallucinations .
it may not be the simple case of the patient having no [ability] because , for example , at that time he had hallucinations .

It may be the more difficult case of a temporarily reduced capacity at the time when his decision was made .
it may be the more difficult case of a temporarily reduced [ability] at the time when his decision was made .

What matters is that the doctors should consider whether at that time he had a capacity which was commensurate with the gravity of the decision which he purported to make .
what matters is that the doctors should consider whether at that time he had a [ability] which was commensurate with the gravity of the decision which he purported to make .

The more serious the decision , the greater the capacity required .
the more serious the decision , the greater the [ability] required .

If the patient had the requisite capacity , they are bound by his decision .
if the patient had the requisite [ability] , they are bound by his decision .

If he can be consulted , this should be done , but again full account has to be taken of his then capacity to make up his own mind .
if he can be consulted , this should be done , but again full account has to be taken of his then [ability] to make up his own mind .

Persuasion based upon religious belief can also be much more compelling and the fact that arguments based upon religious beliefs are being deployed by someone in a very close relationship with the patient will give them added force and should alert the doctors to the possibility — no more — that the patient 's capacity or will to decide has been overborne .
persuasion based upon religious belief can also be much more compelling and the fact that arguments based upon religious beliefs are being deployed by someone in a very close relationship with the patient will give them added force and should alert the doctors to the possibility — no more — that the patient 's [ability] or will to decide has been overborne .

If the doctors consider that the patient had the capacity to decide and has exercised his right to do so , they still have to consider what was the true scope and basis of that decision .
if the doctors consider that the patient had the [ability] to decide and has exercised his right to do so , they still have to consider what was the true scope and basis of that decision .

If at the time the issue arises the patient still has capacity to decide , they can not only explore the scope of his decision with the patient , but can seek to persuade him to alter that decision .
if at the time the issue arises the patient still has [ability] to decide , they can not only explore the scope of his decision with the patient , but can seek to persuade him to alter that decision .

In such circumstances what the doctors can not do is to conclude that if the patient still had had the necessary capacity in the changed situation he would have reversed his decision .
in such circumstances what the doctors can not do is to conclude that if the patient still had had the necessary [ability] in the changed situation he would have reversed his decision .

Prima facie every adult has the right and capacity to decide whether or not he will accept medical treatment , even if a refusal may risk permanent injury to his health or even lead to premature death .
prima facie every adult has the right and [ability] to decide whether or not he will accept medical treatment , even if a refusal may risk permanent injury to his health or even lead to premature death .

However the presumption of capacity to decide , which stems from the fact that the patient is an adult , is rebuttable .
however the presumption of [ability] to decide , which stems from the fact that the patient is an adult , is rebuttable .

An adult patient may be deprived of his capacity to decide either by long term mental incapacity or retarded development or by temporary factors such as unconsciousness or confusion or the effects of fatigue , shock , pain or drugs .
an adult patient may be deprived of his [ability] to decide either by long term mental incapacity or retarded development or by temporary factors such as unconsciousness or confusion or the effects of fatigue , shock , pain or drugs .

If an adult patient did not have the capacity to decide at the time of the purported refusal and still does not have that capacity , it is the duty of the doctors to treat him in whatever way they consider , in the exercise of their clinical judgment , to be in his best interests .
if an adult patient did not have the [ability] to decide at the time of the purported refusal and still does not have that [ability] , it is the duty of the doctors to treat him in whatever way they consider , in the exercise of their clinical judgment , to be in his best interests .

Doctors faced with a refusal of consent have to give very careful and detailed consideration to what was the patient 's capacity to decide at the time when the decision was made .
doctors faced with a refusal of consent have to give very careful and detailed consideration to what was the patient 's [ability] to decide at the time when the decision was made .

It may not be a case of capacity or no capacity .
it may not be a case of [ability] or no [ability] .

It may be a case of reduced capacity .
it may be a case of reduced [ability] .

What matters is whether at that time the patient 's capacity was reduced below the level needed in the case of a refusal of that importance , for refusals can vary in importance .
what matters is whether at that time the patient 's [ability] was reduced below the level needed in the case of a refusal of that importance , for refusals can vary in importance .

In some cases doctors will not only have to consider the capacity of the patient to refuse treatment , but also whether the refusal has been vitiated because it resulted not from the patient 's will , but from the will of others .
in some cases doctors will not only have to consider the [ability] of the patient to refuse treatment , but also whether the refusal has been vitiated because it resulted not from the patient 's will , but from the will of others .

The question may arise as to whether the decision to consent to or reject treatment is made by a patient who has the capacity to make the decision , in other words whether he is fit to make it , or whether he has genuinely made the decision .
the question may arise as to whether the decision to consent to or reject treatment is made by a patient who has the [ability] to make the decision , in other words whether he is fit to make it , or whether he has genuinely made the decision .

Although the issues of capacity and genuine consent or rejection are separate , in reality they may well overlap , so that a patient in a weakened condition may be unduly influenced in circumstances in which if he had been fit , he would have resisted the influence sought to be exercised over him .
although the issues of [ability] and genuine consent or rejection are separate , in reality they may well overlap , so that a patient in a weakened condition may be unduly influenced in circumstances in which if he had been fit , he would have resisted the influence sought to be exercised over him .

Barrister — Discipline — Disciplinary tribunal — High Court judges sitting as visitors to Inns of Court — Disciplinary hearing resulting in suspension or disbarment — Whether decision of visitors amenable to judicial review — Whether visitors acting in capacity of High Court judges — Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 ( 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66 ) , s. 16
barrister — discipline — disciplinary tribunal — high court judges sitting as visitors to inns of court — disciplinary hearing resulting in suspension or disbarment — whether decision of visitors amenable to judicial review — whether visitors acting in [ability] of high court judges — supreme court of judicature act 1873 ( 36 & 37 vict. c. 66 ) , s. 16

‘ This is to ignore the fact that in the administration of justice in this country , the authority of any judicial pronouncement depends not upon the personal authority of the judge concerned , but upon the capacity in which he gives a decision or expresses an opinion .
‘ this is to ignore the fact that in the administration of justice in this country , the authority of any judicial pronouncement depends not upon the personal authority of the judge concerned , but upon the [ability] in which he gives a decision or expresses an opinion .

‘ There is in my view , however , also an obvious distinction between jurisdiction conferred by a statute on a court of law of limited jurisdiction to decide a defined question finally and conclusively or unappealably , and a similar jurisdiction conferred on the High Court or a judge of the High Court acting in his judicial capacity .
‘ there is in my view , however , also an obvious distinction between jurisdiction conferred by a statute on a court of law of limited jurisdiction to decide a defined question finally and conclusively or unappealably , and a similar jurisdiction conferred on the high court or a judge of the high court acting in his judicial [ability] .

… Mistakes of law made by judges of the High Court acting in their capacity as such can be corrected only by means of appeal to an appellate court ; and if , as in the instant case , the statute provides that the judge 's decision shall not be appealable , they can not be corrected at all .
… mistakes of law made by judges of the high court acting in their [ability] as such can be corrected only by means of appeal to an appellate court ; and if , as in the instant case , the statute provides that the judge 's decision shall not be appealable , they can not be corrected at all .

It was because the parties had all analysed the nature of the problem we had to decide in the same way that it was agreed at the outset of the hearing before us that the central question we had to answer was this : in what capacity are High Court judges sitting when they sit as visitors to the Inns of Court in disciplinary cases ?
it was because the parties had all analysed the nature of the problem we had to decide in the same way that it was agreed at the outset of the hearing before us that the central question we had to answer was this : in what [ability] are high court judges sitting when they sit as visitors to the inns of court in disciplinary cases ?

If they are sitting in their capacity as judges of the High Court , performing functions as such , it was common ground that judicial review of their decisions would not lie .
if they are sitting in their [ability] as judges of the high court , performing functions as such , it was common ground that judicial review of their decisions would not lie .

If on the other hand they are not sitting in that capacity , it was agreed that they are performing functions in the public domain , and judicial review would in principle be available .
if on the other hand they are not sitting in that [ability] , it was agreed that they are performing functions in the public domain , and judicial review would in principle be available .

But their role in this capacity was totally different from the role of visitors to universities and colleges .
but their role in this [ability] was totally different from the role of visitors to universities and colleges .

This is set out in an affidavit sworn by Mr. Roger Anthony Barnes , who is an assistant director of the Bank of England and the head of the Banking Supervision Division , in which capacity he is the senior official in the division responsible for the supervision of institutions authorised under the Act ; it was he who authorised and signed the section 39 notice , after discussion with the officers of the Bank of England immediately responsible for conducting the supervision of the defendants . His evidence is as follows , retaining for convenience the original paragraph numbers :
this is set out in an affidavit sworn by mr. roger anthony barnes , who is an assistant director of the bank of england and the head of the banking supervision division , in which [ability] he is the senior official in the division responsible for the supervision of institutions authorised under the act ; it was he who authorised and signed the section 39 notice , after discussion with the officers of the bank of england immediately responsible for conducting the supervision of the defendants . his evidence is as follows , retaining for convenience the original paragraph numbers :

‘ it does not appear to me that there is any ground for contending that the bank appointed Mr. Colin Perry , in any capacity , to procure the signature of Mrs. Perry .
‘ it does not appear to me that there is any ground for contending that the bank appointed mr. colin perry , in any [ability] , to procure the signature of mrs. perry .

By a notice of appeal dated 23 April 1992 the Treasury Solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the Act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a Crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the Crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the United Kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the Act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the Crown as a party to the Hague Convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .
by a notice of appeal dated 23 april 1992 the treasury solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the evidence ( proceedings in other jurisdictions ) act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual [ability] in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a crown [ability] and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the united kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of [ability] by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the crown as a party to the hague convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .

‘ Nothing in this Act shall be construed as enabling any court to make an order that is binding on the Crown or on any person in his capacity as an officer or servant of the Crown .
‘ nothing in this act shall be construed as enabling any court to make an order that is binding on the crown or on any person in his [ability] as an officer or servant of the crown .

Mr. David Pannick , appearing for the applicants , submitted that the language of section 9 ( 4 ) focused not on the historic question of how the relevant information was acquired by the intended witness , but upon the contemporaneous question of the capacity in which the evidence is to be given .
mr. david pannick , appearing for the applicants , submitted that the language of section 9 ( 4 ) focused not on the historic question of how the relevant information was acquired by the intended witness , but upon the contemporaneous question of the [ability] in which the evidence is to be given .

No one , he submitted , can give evidence ‘ in his capacity as an officer or servant of the Crown ’ if he is no longer such an officer or servant .
no one , he submitted , can give evidence ‘ in his [ability] as an officer or servant of the crown ’ if he is no longer such an officer or servant .

( 4 ) The limiting words ‘ in his capacity as an officer or servant of the Crown ’ leave the court free to order a witness to give evidence notwithstanding that at the relevant time he was an officer or servant of the Crown , if the matters in respect of which he is to give evidence did not come to his notice in that capacity , for example , the civil servant who , when on holiday or at home , happens to witness a road traffic accident .
( 4 ) the limiting words ‘ in his [ability] as an officer or servant of the crown ’ leave the court free to order a witness to give evidence notwithstanding that at the relevant time he was an officer or servant of the crown , if the matters in respect of which he is to give evidence did not come to his notice in that [ability] , for example , the civil servant who , when on holiday or at home , happens to witness a road traffic accident .

( 5 ) The whole of the evidence sought from Dr. Hayes relates to matters which came to his notice in his capacity as an officer or servant of the Crown and accordingly section 9 ( 4 ) applies .
( 5 ) the whole of the evidence sought from dr. hayes relates to matters which came to his notice in his [ability] as an officer or servant of the crown and accordingly section 9 ( 4 ) applies .

( 1 ) It is not argued that under English company law , or under the English law of mortgage , a foreign company , that is a company not formed and registered under the Companies Acts , lacks the requisite legal capacity to enter into a debenture secured by a floating charge on property both in England and abroad and conferring a power to appoint a receiver and manager over the whole , or substantially the whole , of its property .
( 1 ) it is not argued that under english company law , or under the english law of mortgage , a foreign company , that is a company not formed and registered under the companies acts , lacks the requisite legal [ability] to enter into a debenture secured by a floating charge on property both in england and abroad and conferring a power to appoint a receiver and manager over the whole , or substantially the whole , of its property .

In that capacity he would be acting as an insolvency practitioner and must be qualified so to act .
in that [ability] he would be acting as an insolvency practitioner and must be qualified so to act .

In these cases , the deponent must state the capacity in which and the authority by which he makes it and the means of his knowledge .
in these cases , the deponent must state the [ability] in which and the authority by which he makes it and the means of his knowledge .

Phase two of the development is in progress and will extend capacity of the marina by providing berths for larger yachts up to 106ft ( 32.3m ) .
phase two of the development is in progress and will extend [ability] of the marina by providing berths for larger yachts up to 106ft ( 32.3m ) .

The yard has a capacity for about five Scanmar 40s per year .
the yard has a [ability] for about five scanmar 40s per year .

The larger the battery capacity , the faster and more deeply the charge/discharge can occur .
the larger the battery [ability] , the faster and more deeply the charge/discharge can occur .

Olive 's spirit and capacity to command never diminished Apparently , she hugely enjoyed her part in the filming of Too Long a Winter and liked the programme .
olive 's spirit and [ability] to command never diminished apparently , she hugely enjoyed her part in the filming of too long a winter and liked the programme .

Capacity is down to just over 90 million tonnes .
[ability] is down to just over 90 million tonnes .

Green boasts that British Coal has reduced prices by 30 per cent in real terms over the past six years and predicts the trend will continue ‘ not just by closing marginal capacity , but by ensuring existing capacity will be more efficient ’ .
green boasts that british coal has reduced prices by 30 per cent in real terms over the past six years and predicts the trend will continue ‘ not just by closing marginal [ability] , but by ensuring existing [ability] will be more efficient ’ .

Focussing attention upon individual sufferers and their capacity for recovery from addictive disease and providing general education on addictive disease and its recovery processes , rather than solely upon addictive drugs and their risks , is the best long term help for the individuals at risk and hence for society .
focussing attention upon individual sufferers and their [ability] for recovery from addictive disease and providing general education on addictive disease and its recovery processes , rather than solely upon addictive drugs and their risks , is the best long term help for the individuals at risk and hence for society .

Higher capacity then others :
higher [ability] then others :

But the long-term effects upon the brain are to dull its critical faculties and to impair its capacity for memory and accuracy in all its functions .
but the long-term effects upon the brain are to dull its critical faculties and to impair its [ability] for memory and accuracy in all its functions .

Many of these physical complications are reversible once the prime cause of the damage — alcohol and drug intake — is discontinued : the human body has amazing capacity to repair itself .
many of these physical complications are reversible once the prime cause of the damage — alcohol and drug intake — is discontinued : the human body has amazing [ability] to repair itself .

Intellectual function is damaged so that thought processes and the capacity to instill any form of order into personal and professional life progressively deteriorates .
intellectual function is damaged so that thought processes and the [ability] to instill any form of order into personal and professional life progressively deteriorates .

At this time the primary need perceived by the sufferer is to protect the future capacity to use the addictive substance or behaviour and this dependence results in changes in beliefs and values .
at this time the primary need perceived by the sufferer is to protect the future [ability] to use the addictive substance or behaviour and this dependence results in changes in beliefs and values .

Determined belief in the capacity for self control results in pride that the sufferer has special standards and abilities that others lack .
determined belief in the [ability] for self control results in pride that the sufferer has special standards and abilities that others lack .

The eight characteristics of Chemical Dependency ( preoccupation , use alone , use for effect , use as a medicine , protection of supply , use more then planned , greater capacity than other people and blackouts ) apply precisely to compulsive over-eating or bulimia , substituting food for alcohol or drugs .
the eight characteristics of chemical dependency ( preoccupation , use alone , use for effect , use as a medicine , protection of supply , use more then planned , greater [ability] than other people and blackouts ) apply precisely to compulsive over-eating or bulimia , substituting food for alcohol or drugs .

Physical exercise also has the capacity to be used to attempt to control emotional feelings , to work off the calories consumed in food and to control body size .
physical exercise also has the [ability] to be used to attempt to control emotional feelings , to work off the calories consumed in food and to control body size .

Wiring together the jaws of compulsive overeaters or performing surgical Operations to reduce the abdominal apron or reduce the length of the intestines , and hence reduce their capacity to absorb food , or inserting inflatable balloons through an endoscopic tube into the stomach , or performing liposuction to various parts of the body , all show no understanding of the primary spiritual nature Of addictive disease .
wiring together the jaws of compulsive overeaters or performing surgical operations to reduce the abdominal apron or reduce the length of the intestines , and hence reduce their [ability] to absorb food , or inserting inflatable balloons through an endoscopic tube into the stomach , or performing liposuction to various parts of the body , all show no understanding of the primary spiritual nature of addictive disease .

Disordered relationships are the norm in any addictive disease and working on the capacity to make open and honest relationships is part of the recovery programme of any Anonymous Fellowship .
disordered relationships are the norm in any addictive disease and working on the [ability] to make open and honest relationships is part of the recovery programme of any anonymous fellowship .

Higher capacity than others : The capacity of family members to absorb punishment and come up asking for more is simply phenomenal .
higher [ability] than others : the [ability] of family members to absorb punishment and come up asking for more is simply phenomenal .

The capacity to love the individual sufferer while confronting the disease and making the sufferer fully responsible for the consequences of all his or her actions .
the [ability] to love the individual sufferer while confronting the disease and making the sufferer fully responsible for the consequences of all his or her actions .

The progression of destructionn moves from affecting the capacity for a full range of emotional feelings and then into affecting intellectual processes and finally affecting physical health , although ther will of course have been many episodes of some damage to physical well-being throughout the progress of the disease .
the progression of destructionn moves from affecting the [ability] for a full range of emotional feelings and then into affecting intellectual processes and finally affecting physical health , although ther will of course have been many episodes of some damage to physical well-being throughout the progress of the disease .

The capacity to Sustain a potentially happy and fulfilled life without addictive recourse to mood … altering chemicals , foods or other substances and without addictive behaviours .
the [ability] to sustain a potentially happy and fulfilled life without addictive recourse to mood … altering chemicals , foods or other substances and without addictive behaviours .

Applying the principles of the 12 Steps in all aspects of life so that they become a natural way of life and provide the capacity to live happily and confidently without the need for mood-altering substances or behaviours .
applying the principles of the 12 steps in all aspects of life so that they become a natural way of life and provide the [ability] to live happily and confidently without the need for mood-altering substances or behaviours .

In the long-term it is one 's capacity to make open and honest relationships , outside the Fellowships as well as within , that makes the real difference to the quality of life and recovery .
in the long-term it is one 's [ability] to make open and honest relationships , outside the fellowships as well as within , that makes the real difference to the quality of life and recovery .

Absolutely perfect adherence to the 12 Steps is unobtainable but each and every sufferer has the capacity to make progress from whatever his or her starting position may have been and this is all that is required .
absolutely perfect adherence to the 12 steps is unobtainable but each and every sufferer has the [ability] to make progress from whatever his or her starting position may have been and this is all that is required .

The capacity to achieve long-term recovery is also identical .
the [ability] to achieve long-term recovery is also identical .

In this the focus is upon improving the capacity to make open and honest relationships .
in this the focus is upon improving the [ability] to make open and honest relationships .

As part of the denial of their own `` family disease `` they may believe that they themselves or the way in which they attempt to help others is what is inadequate rather than the capacity of the primary sufferer to receive the message of recovery .
as part of the denial of their own `` family disease `` they may believe that they themselves or the way in which they attempt to help others is what is inadequate rather than the [ability] of the primary sufferer to receive the message of recovery .

The fundamental requirement of all counselling is the capacity to observe one `` sown feelings , attitudes and behaviour by having open and honest interchange with others .
the fundamental requirement of all counselling is the [ability] to observe one `` sown feelings , attitudes and behaviour by having open and honest interchange with others .

This capacity — for emotional honesty and willingness to risk being hurt and acceptance of the need to make changes as a result of appropriate feedback — is rare .
this [ability] — for emotional honesty and willingness to risk being hurt and acceptance of the need to make changes as a result of appropriate feedback — is rare .

Further , these prescribed medications prevent emotional maturation through inhibiting the capacity to feel emotions and deal with them appropriately .
further , these prescribed medications prevent emotional maturation through inhibiting the [ability] to feel emotions and deal with them appropriately .

On occasions the courts have gone further and disqualified a member of a tribunal or board `` if there are circumstances so affecting a person acting in a judicial capacity as to be calculated to create in the mind of a reasonable man a suspicion of that person 's impartiality , those circumstances are sufficient to disqualify although in fact no bias exists `` ; see Law v. Chartered Institute of Patent Agents [ 1919 ] 2 Chapter 276 ; Metropolitan Properties Co .
on occasions the courts have gone further and disqualified a member of a tribunal or board `` if there are circumstances so affecting a person acting in a judicial [ability] as to be calculated to create in the mind of a reasonable man a suspicion of that person 's impartiality , those circumstances are sufficient to disqualify although in fact no bias exists `` ; see law v. chartered institute of patent agents [ 1919 ] 2 chapter 276 ; metropolitan properties co .

Decisions as to the disqualification of a magistrate or justice of the peace , in his capacity as a judge in a criminal court , are not directly in point , but may be helpful .
decisions as to the disqualification of a magistrate or justice of the peace , in his [ability] as a judge in a criminal court , are not directly in point , but may be helpful .

( d ) This is the same ground as that which entitles a sheriff to allow an appeal made to him in his administrative capacity .
( d ) this is the same ground as that which entitles a sheriff to allow an appeal made to him in his administrative [ability] .

2:12 ) , and Paul can rightly say that the very capacity to respond in faith is a gift of God and no man-made attribute of which we can boast ( Eph .
2:12 ) , and paul can rightly say that the very [ability] to respond in faith is a gift of god and no man-made attribute of which we can boast ( eph .

The first time , Dalgliesh had been impressed by Massingham 's intelligence and enormous capacity for work , and by his admirable ability to keep his mouth shut and to sense when his chief wanted to be alone .
the first time , dalgliesh had been impressed by massingham 's intelligence and enormous [ability] for work , and by his admirable ability to keep his mouth shut and to sense when his chief wanted to be alone .

Moreover , there are laws of constitutional significance , such as the various acts regulating the franchise and granting the vote , and the Parliament Act , 1949 which limits the capacity of the House of Lords to delay bills passed by the Commons to just 1 year .
moreover , there are laws of constitutional significance , such as the various acts regulating the franchise and granting the vote , and the parliament act , 1949 which limits the [ability] of the house of lords to delay bills passed by the commons to just 1 year .

The fact of around 100 or so ministerial appointments in the context of the demise of the independent members and the rise of the career politician gives the prime minister a `` hold `` over party colleagues because of his or her capacity to advance political careers .
the fact of around 100 or so ministerial appointments in the context of the demise of the independent members and the rise of the career politician gives the prime minister a `` hold `` over party colleagues because of his or her [ability] to advance political careers .

The Prime Minister has the capacity to determine the scope of the various offices , or to take-over a department either in practice or by actually adding to his or her own responsibilities .
the prime minister has the [ability] to determine the scope of the various offices , or to take-over a department either in practice or by actually adding to his or her own responsibilities .

1 The public as a whole had fallen victim to the revolution of rising expectations and they displayed a lack of `` realism `` as to the constraints that bore on the capacity of governments to provide ever more .
1 the public as a whole had fallen victim to the revolution of rising expectations and they displayed a lack of `` realism `` as to the constraints that bore on the [ability] of governments to provide ever more .

At the same time , however , their `` own `` capacity to supply new and improved services was restricted by their dependence on the limited income from rates .
at the same time , however , their `` own `` [ability] to supply new and improved services was restricted by their dependence on the limited income from rates .

The post-war commitment to full-employment increased their bargaining power ; the strike weapon in the context of a complex and interdependent economy meant that they could exert considerable pressure `` through their capacity to disrupt and delay ; and as inflation came to be seen as the problem ( and as a problem caused by `` excessive `` wages demands backed by strikes ) so trade unions found themselves in a new position of strategic importance and power .
the post-war commitment to full-employment increased their bargaining power ; the strike weapon in the context of a complex and interdependent economy meant that they could exert considerable pressure `` through their [ability] to disrupt and delay ; and as inflation came to be seen as the problem ( and as a problem caused by `` excessive `` wages demands backed by strikes ) so trade unions found themselves in a new position of strategic importance and power .

Second , demand overload and intractable and complicated problems came at a time of decreased government capacity , effectiveness , and authority .
second , demand overload and intractable and complicated problems came at a time of decreased government [ability] , effectiveness , and authority .

If it does not facilitate economic growth and expansion then it limits its capacity to raise taxes and so cuts into the public revenue on which its own power depends .
if it does not facilitate economic growth and expansion then it limits its [ability] to raise taxes and so cuts into the public revenue on which its own power depends .

In addition to stressing these `` internal `` limits on parliamentary democracy in Britain , stress is also placed on `` external `` factors that have contributed to a loss of powers and to a significant reduction in the scope of our capacity to govern ourselves .
in addition to stressing these `` internal `` limits on parliamentary democracy in britain , stress is also placed on `` external `` factors that have contributed to a loss of powers and to a significant reduction in the scope of our [ability] to govern ourselves .

) But if that activity became more strident and refused to take no for an answer ; if it became more popular , participatory , and direct , taking to the streets and becoming something called `` extra-parliamentary politics `` ; and if it threatened to overload the capacity of the state , then it was condemned — and condemned as at odds with the liberal-democracy of the British constitution .
) but if that activity became more strident and refused to take no for an answer ; if it became more popular , participatory , and direct , taking to the streets and becoming something called `` extra-parliamentary politics `` ; and if it threatened to overload the [ability] of the state , then it was condemned — and condemned as at odds with the liberal-democracy of the british constitution .

We have been working out in which Schools we have the capacity to grow without incurring unacceptably high new costs .
we have been working out in which schools we have the [ability] to grow without incurring unacceptably high new costs .

So the expansion programme has to be linked to our building capacity as well as to student demand and national need .
so the expansion programme has to be linked to our building [ability] as well as to student demand and national need .

The politics of law and order and the demands for ‘ standards , ’ whatever that means , are consistently presented in ways which undermine the capacity of schools to tolerate any forms of deviance .
the politics of law and order and the demands for ‘ standards , ’ whatever that means , are consistently presented in ways which undermine the [ability] of schools to tolerate any forms of deviance .

Obviously , if there is not such a situation , the company should invest in every positive-NPV product available to it , subject to having the capacity to manage investment on that scale .
obviously , if there is not such a situation , the company should invest in every positive-npv product available to it , subject to having the [ability] to manage investment on that scale .

Such economies of scale must be distinguished from savings through fuller utilization of existing capacity , which spreads the fixed costs of a specific existing piece of plant over more units .
such economies of scale must be distinguished from savings through fuller utilization of existing [ability] , which spreads the fixed costs of a specific existing piece of plant over more units .

He had , still , many contacts in this field and it was yet another approach to coping with the surplus capacity produced by the Carno factory .
he had , still , many contacts in this field and it was yet another approach to coping with the surplus [ability] produced by the carno factory .

Bernard and Laura 's attitudes were still coloured by the historical evolution of the business , manufacturing led , and believed their shops existed only to absorb the manufacturing capacity .
bernard and laura 's attitudes were still coloured by the historical evolution of the business , manufacturing led , and believed their shops existed only to absorb the manufacturing [ability] .

The rationale behind Laura 's views was that her heart was in Wales , or , more specifically , in the factory in Wales , and this obliged her to do everything within her power to maintain that factory at full capacity .
the rationale behind laura 's views was that her heart was in wales , or , more specifically , in the factory in wales , and this obliged her to do everything within her power to maintain that factory at full [ability] .

Although Laura 's formal education finished prematurely , she showed a remarkable capacity for intellectual growth in the middle years of her life : many of her ideas were changing so fast that her colleagues often found it difficult to keep pace .
although laura 's formal education finished prematurely , she showed a remarkable [ability] for intellectual growth in the middle years of her life : many of her ideas were changing so fast that her colleagues often found it difficult to keep pace .

But she never complained or ever referred to the château as ‘ that damned place ’ … She had such a capacity for joy that she overcame such negative feelings , ’ Bettina explained .
but she never complained or ever referred to the château as ‘ that damned place ’ … she had such a [ability] for joy that she overcame such negative feelings , ’ bettina explained .

Jane Clifford was enchanted by Laura 's capacity for instant , warm friendship as well as her wisdom about life , and it was not long before a mutually rewarding project was born , which was immensely gratifying to Laura personally .
jane clifford was enchanted by laura 's [ability] for instant , warm friendship as well as her wisdom about life , and it was not long before a mutually rewarding project was born , which was immensely gratifying to laura personally .

The only parties she attends are in a business capacity … ’ She sat down at the helm , resting one hand on the tiller , and thrusting the other into her pocket .
the only parties she attends are in a business [ability] … ’ she sat down at the helm , resting one hand on the tiller , and thrusting the other into her pocket .

‘ Then you can attend this party in a ‘ business capacity ’ . ’
‘ then you can attend this party in a ‘ business [ability] ’ . ’

‘ Only in an advisory capacity .
‘ only in an advisory [ability] .

Eric was a smaller , colourless man who worked in some clerical capacity in the production office .
eric was a smaller , colourless man who worked in some clerical [ability] in the production office .

Given that the numbers of eighteen-year-olds will decline sharply in the later years of the decade and assuming that the age participation rate shows no great increase , then there may well be spare capacity in the public sector institutions offering degree-level courses .
given that the numbers of eighteen-year-olds will decline sharply in the later years of the decade and assuming that the age participation rate shows no great increase , then there may well be spare [ability] in the public sector institutions offering degree-level courses .

All this is happening against a background of spending cuts imposed by local authorities upon their colleges so that the growth in demand has not been matched by an increase of the capacity of the further education system in Wales to meet this demand .
all this is happening against a background of spending cuts imposed by local authorities upon their colleges so that the growth in demand has not been matched by an increase of the [ability] of the further education system in wales to meet this demand .

The Married Women 's Property Acts of the 1870s and 1880s permitted women to control their own property , although married women were not given the same capacity as single women to acquire , hold and dispose of property until 1935 .
the married women 's property acts of the 1870s and 1880s permitted women to control their own property , although married women were not given the same [ability] as single women to acquire , hold and dispose of property until 1935 .

In the event , women 's proportionately larger brain was taken as evidence of their childlike physiology , just as in a similar manner women 's recognised capacity to read faster and remember more was interpreted as shallowness .
in the event , women 's proportionately larger brain was taken as evidence of their childlike physiology , just as in a similar manner women 's recognised [ability] to read faster and remember more was interpreted as shallowness .

Doctors concentrated on the best way of achieving the healthy development of women 's reproductive systems and in so doing elevated women 's capacity for reproduction into a moral and social duty .
doctors concentrated on the best way of achieving the healthy development of women 's reproductive systems and in so doing elevated women 's [ability] for reproduction into a moral and social duty .

They were Ethel Elderton ( who conducted the study of the English birth rate ) , and Alice Lee , who investigated the relationship between skull capacity and intellectual ability in both men and women .
they were ethel elderton ( who conducted the study of the english birth rate ) , and alice lee , who investigated the relationship between skull [ability] and intellectual ability in both men and women .

The key factors here for individuals are not only technical or professional competence , but also the ability to work as a team member , and the possession of ‘ desirable personal attributes ’ such as willingness to listen , flexibility of outlook , and the capacity to give and accept trust .
the key factors here for individuals are not only technical or professional competence , but also the ability to work as a team member , and the possession of ‘ desirable personal attributes ’ such as willingness to listen , flexibility of outlook , and the [ability] to give and accept trust .

For example , it would be possible to simulate the effects of differing volumes of sales on key factors in a corporate plan , such as production capacity , purchasing targets and manpower forecasts .
for example , it would be possible to simulate the effects of differing volumes of sales on key factors in a corporate plan , such as production [ability] , purchasing targets and manpower forecasts .

The size of a computer , ie its capacity to process information is expressed in terms of binary digits ( ‘ bits ’ ) .
the size of a computer , ie its [ability] to process information is expressed in terms of binary digits ( ‘ bits ’ ) .

Plans for machines include the availability , capacity and loading of machines .
plans for machines include the availability , [ability] and loading of machines .

Capacity and loading may vary considerably between different types and models of machines , and these facts have to be taken into account in planning the overall production effort .
[ability] and loading may vary considerably between different types and models of machines , and these facts have to be taken into account in planning the overall production effort .

( 1982 ) report the existence of at least 212 fishless lakes in the Adirondacks , the loss of all fish in 140 Canadian lakes ( and the threatened extinction in 48,000 other lakes ) , damage to 15 per cent of lakes in Minnesota , the threatened extinction of trout in half of West Virginia 's trout streams , the near total depletion of buffering capacity in 3000 lakes in the eastern United States , the acidification of more than 10,000 lakes in Sweden to pH 6 or below ( with 5000 lakes having pH values below 5 ) , and reduced populations of salmon and trout in major rivers in southern Norway .
( 1982 ) report the existence of at least 212 fishless lakes in the adirondacks , the loss of all fish in 140 canadian lakes ( and the threatened extinction in 48,000 other lakes ) , damage to 15 per cent of lakes in minnesota , the threatened extinction of trout in half of west virginia 's trout streams , the near total depletion of buffering [ability] in 3000 lakes in the eastern united states , the acidification of more than 10,000 lakes in sweden to ph 6 or below ( with 5000 lakes having ph values below 5 ) , and reduced populations of salmon and trout in major rivers in southern norway .

The chemist had to be a craftsman and a cook as well as a thinker ; only the chemical balance was beyond the capacity of the resourceful scientist to make .
the chemist had to be a craftsman and a cook as well as a thinker ; only the chemical balance was beyond the [ability] of the resourceful scientist to make .

This economic system , which allowed the landowning classes to take a disproportionate share of the productive capacity of the economy , was based upon traditional craft skills using fairly primitive tools and it was labour intensive .
this economic system , which allowed the landowning classes to take a disproportionate share of the productive [ability] of the economy , was based upon traditional craft skills using fairly primitive tools and it was labour intensive .

But it also represented an important stage in the development of the science of politics , since it relied heavily on positivistic assumptions both about the nature of societal development and about the capacity of human intelligence to achieve objectivity .
but it also represented an important stage in the development of the science of politics , since it relied heavily on positivistic assumptions both about the nature of societal development and about the [ability] of human intelligence to achieve objectivity .

Political power is therefore seen as a result of greater capacity to manipulate residues or to impose coercion , as a quality inherent in the individual rather than as a characteristic of societal relationships .
political power is therefore seen as a result of greater [ability] to manipulate residues or to impose coercion , as a quality inherent in the individual rather than as a characteristic of societal relationships .

The control exercised by Mosca 's ‘ ruling class ’ is held to be assured by the organisational capacity of the ruling minority : this is the basis of their power and the characteristic that best distinguishes them from the disorganised and powerless majority .
the control exercised by mosca 's ‘ ruling class ’ is held to be assured by the organisational [ability] of the ruling minority : this is the basis of their power and the characteristic that best distinguishes them from the disorganised and powerless majority .

The capacity of the ruling class to adapt to these haphazard destabilising phenomena is another essential element in their control and is another way in which the rational long-term approach of the elite contrasts with the more short-term sporadic characteristics of the majority .
the [ability] of the ruling class to adapt to these haphazard destabilising phenomena is another essential element in their control and is another way in which the rational long-term approach of the elite contrasts with the more short-term sporadic characteristics of the majority .

Meisel 's criticism centres on the notion that the ruling elite is claimed to be a class ; this is already an important point in Pareto 's theory , and with Mosca the flaw becomes a fatal one , for he founds the power of the elite precisely on their greater organisational capacity , with necessary implications for their internal characteristics .
meisel 's criticism centres on the notion that the ruling elite is claimed to be a class ; this is already an important point in pareto 's theory , and with mosca the flaw becomes a fatal one , for he founds the power of the elite precisely on their greater organisational [ability] , with necessary implications for their internal characteristics .

be able to maintain itself in power by means of its organisational capacity , its ability to adapt to new forces and its dynamic positive relationship with the moral unity of society expressed through the rule of law .
be able to maintain itself in power by means of its organisational [ability] , its ability to adapt to new forces and its dynamic positive relationship with the moral unity of society expressed through the rule of law .

‘ Conspiracy ’ is crucial to organisational capacity of the elite ; without it the group 's consciousness and coherence are ineffective and directionless .
‘ conspiracy ’ is crucial to organisational [ability] of the elite ; without it the group 's consciousness and coherence are ineffective and directionless .

Elitism will survive because of its suggestiveness , its plausibility and its capacity for generating explanatory insights ; whether it will be able to provide exhaustive convincing theories is another matter .
elitism will survive because of its suggestiveness , its plausibility and its [ability] for generating explanatory insights ; whether it will be able to provide exhaustive convincing theories is another matter .

One of the most important aspects of the existence of such groups is not so much their capacity to uncover fundamental truths as their willingness to raise new serious issues and in the process to shed light on older ones .
one of the most important aspects of the existence of such groups is not so much their [ability] to uncover fundamental truths as their willingness to raise new serious issues and in the process to shed light on older ones .

The term coined by Banfield for this ethic is ‘ amoral familism ’ ; that it is ‘ amoral ’ is implicit in the exclusive pursuit of short-run material advantage ascribed to individuals in such societies , so that they lack any capacity to sacrifice immediate gains in favour of long-term advantage , and they are unable to associate any good to society as a whole with possible good to themselves or their family .
the term coined by banfield for this ethic is ‘ amoral familism ’ ; that it is ‘ amoral ’ is implicit in the exclusive pursuit of short-run material advantage ascribed to individuals in such societies , so that they lack any [ability] to sacrifice immediate gains in favour of long-term advantage , and they are unable to associate any good to society as a whole with possible good to themselves or their family .

It is always uneconomic for capitalism to develop areas it calls ‘ backward ’ , and the areas themselves lack the capacity to create and sustain their own growth .
it is always uneconomic for capitalism to develop areas it calls ‘ backward ’ , and the areas themselves lack the [ability] to create and sustain their own growth .

As readers who have pursued this work from its outset will be aware , our argument is that one of the persistent strengths of pluralism is its capacity to produce consistent and detailed descriptions of particular aspects of reality .
as readers who have pursued this work from its outset will be aware , our argument is that one of the persistent strengths of pluralism is its [ability] to produce consistent and detailed descriptions of particular aspects of reality .

The capacity , in principle , of such nervous systems to demonstrate learning and memory can not be in doubt .
the [ability] , in principle , of such nervous systems to demonstrate learning and memory can not be in doubt .

Even before Karl von Frisch 's well-known studies on bee orientation and his interpretation of the waggle dance in the 1910s and 1920s , students of bee behaviour , from fable-writers and apiary-keepers to entomologists , had marvelled at the skills , apparent intelligence and capacity to learn of the bees , which seemed very far from being rigidly programmed robots .
even before karl von frisch 's well-known studies on bee orientation and his interpretation of the waggle dance in the 1910s and 1920s , students of bee behaviour , from fable-writers and apiary-keepers to entomologists , had marvelled at the skills , apparent intelligence and [ability] to learn of the bees , which seemed very far from being rigidly programmed robots .

But perhaps if they had listened to what folk-legend had maintained for thousands of years neurobiologists would not have been so surprised at the learning and memory capacity of the bees .
but perhaps if they had listened to what folk-legend had maintained for thousands of years neurobiologists would not have been so surprised at the learning and memory [ability] of the bees .

Working at the Marine Station in Naples in the 1950s and 1960s , Young began to study octopus behaviour , and especially their capacity to learn and remember .
working at the marine station in naples in the 1950s and 1960s , young began to study octopus behaviour , and especially their [ability] to learn and remember .

The antibiotics were being injected into the brain at doses sufficient to block all protein synthesis for several hours , and yet it appeared that no other aspect of the animal 's behaviour was affected — not its capacity to perform already learned tasks , to see and respond to the world around or to act otherwise ‘ normally ’ ; the only thing it seemingly could n't do was to memorize new tasks .
the antibiotics were being injected into the brain at doses sufficient to block all protein synthesis for several hours , and yet it appeared that no other aspect of the animal 's behaviour was affected — not its [ability] to perform already learned tasks , to see and respond to the world around or to act otherwise ‘ normally ’ ; the only thing it seemingly could n't do was to memorize new tasks .

Antibodies are proteins which , once synthesized by cells of the immune system to counter and inactivate ‘ foreign ’ molecules , enable the body to retain the ‘ memory , for the intruder and hence the capacity rapidly to inactivate it on subsequent invasion .
antibodies are proteins which , once synthesized by cells of the immune system to counter and inactivate ‘ foreign ’ molecules , enable the body to retain the ‘ memory , for the intruder and hence the [ability] rapidly to inactivate it on subsequent invasion .

Altering the location at which the rat is put into the tank is almost without effect on its capacity to find the shelf .
altering the location at which the rat is put into the tank is almost without effect on its [ability] to find the shelf .

Lesioning the hippocampus , however , profoundly damages the rat 's capacity to learn or remember the spatial cues and thus dramatically impairs its capacity to work out an effective escape route in the tank .
lesioning the hippocampus , however , profoundly damages the rat 's [ability] to learn or remember the spatial cues and thus dramatically impairs its [ability] to work out an effective escape route in the tank .

Back at the end of the nineteenth century , the Milanese anatomist Camillo Golgi had discovered almost by chance a stain , based on the use of silver salts , which has the capacity to select out , seemingly at random , a small proportion of the neurons in a section of tissue and stain each immaculately , revealing every last detail not just of its cell body but also the dendrites and even the myriad little spines which stud the dendrites ' surfaces .
back at the end of the nineteenth century , the milanese anatomist camillo golgi had discovered almost by chance a stain , based on the use of silver salts , which has the [ability] to select out , seemingly at random , a small proportion of the neurons in a section of tissue and stain each immaculately , revealing every last detail not just of its cell body but also the dendrites and even the myriad little spines which stud the dendrites ' surfaces .

With only limited capacity for retaining water , bedrock , regosols and lithosols are poor material for plant colonization .
with only limited [ability] for retaining water , bedrock , regosols and lithosols are poor material for plant colonization .

Thus arctic breeding grounds often appear underpopulated in relation to their carrying capacity , and there is plentiful food for all that manage to get there safely .
thus arctic breeding grounds often appear underpopulated in relation to their carrying [ability] , and there is plentiful food for all that manage to get there safely .

Wintering within the snow 's protection ( see summary in Sage , 1986b ) , feeding on last year 's vegetation at the snow-ground interface , lemmings and other small herbivores with high capacity for reproduction are sometimes able to produce four or five litters per year , each of five or six offspring .
wintering within the snow 's protection ( see summary in sage , 1986b ) , feeding on last year 's vegetation at the snow-ground interface , lemmings and other small herbivores with high [ability] for reproduction are sometimes able to produce four or five litters per year , each of five or six offspring .

Because they are likely to have damaged storage organs and growing points as well , the capacity of the plants to recover is slowed .
because they are likely to have damaged storage organs and growing points as well , the [ability] of the plants to recover is slowed .

Cells that have a genetic capacity for hardening are stimulated by the environment to produce isoenzymes — alternatives to those normally in production — that change the phospholipid and sterol content of the cell membranes .
cells that have a genetic [ability] for hardening are stimulated by the environment to produce isoenzymes — alternatives to those normally in production — that change the phospholipid and sterol content of the cell membranes .

Thus , if education were promised a rise in its allocation at 2 per cent a year , this would mean a real increase in its capacity to employ teachers or build schools of 2 per cent a year .
thus , if education were promised a rise in its allocation at 2 per cent a year , this would mean a real increase in its [ability] to employ teachers or build schools of 2 per cent a year .

No spending department can be sure what the figures in the White Paper will mean for its capacity to pay school teachers or run hospitals .
no spending department can be sure what the figures in the white paper will mean for its [ability] to pay school teachers or run hospitals .

The continual changing of public expenditure targets in real terms , and the confusing changes in grant systems , have played havoc with local authorities ' and services ' capacity to plan .
the continual changing of public expenditure targets in real terms , and the confusing changes in grant systems , have played havoc with local authorities ' and services ' [ability] to plan .

By determining a local council 's grant income from the centre and setting a ceiling to a local council 's revenue raising , central government acquired the capacity to set a limit on any council 's spending .
by determining a local council 's grant income from the centre and setting a ceiling to a local council 's revenue raising , central government acquired the [ability] to set a limit on any council 's spending .

It was not directly related to households ' capacity to pay .
it was not directly related to households ' [ability] to pay .

The case for taxing income as a form of local revenue is simply that it is most directly related to the capacity to pay .
the case for taxing income as a form of local revenue is simply that it is most directly related to the [ability] to pay .

This requires the capacity to make local judgements about tax levels .
this requires the [ability] to make local judgements about tax levels .

Another way to measure an individual 's capacity to pay tax is the amount of capital assets he or she may have .
another way to measure an individual 's [ability] to pay tax is the amount of capital assets he or she may have .

Rates developed as a direct tax on an individual 's income levied so as to take into account his or her capacity to pay .
rates developed as a direct tax on an individual 's income levied so as to take into account his or her [ability] to pay .

Reform local government taxation to link the local tax to capacity to pay .
reform local government taxation to link the local tax to [ability] to pay .

Most practices were too small and had too little managerial capacity to manage a large budget .
most practices were too small and had too little managerial [ability] to manage a large budget .

His capacity for controversy in such social encounters had gained Johnson a great deal of his divinity in English letters , but in Scotland , with the good manners of a visitor necessarily prevailing , such intercourse invariably proved pleasant , Lord Monboddo 's house typically thus .
his [ability] for controversy in such social encounters had gained johnson a great deal of his divinity in english letters , but in scotland , with the good manners of a visitor necessarily prevailing , such intercourse invariably proved pleasant , lord monboddo 's house typically thus .

His capacity for addressing children impressed all who saw it .
his [ability] for addressing children impressed all who saw it .

Contemporary accounts recorded Irving 's capacity for the eerie .
contemporary accounts recorded irving 's [ability] for the eerie .

When his Journey was published two years later , this quiet moment received great acclaim , hailed by one reviewer as ‘ a fortunate event in the annals of literature … we congratulate the public on the event … ’ The critic was reacting to Johnson 's capacity for inventive response .
when his journey was published two years later , this quiet moment received great acclaim , hailed by one reviewer as ‘ a fortunate event in the annals of literature … we congratulate the public on the event … ’ the critic was reacting to johnson 's [ability] for inventive response .

But we had in our midst … the capacity to fight , to resist injustice , to organise , the sentiment of unity , the pride of the proletariat and above all class consciousness .
but we had in our midst … the [ability] to fight , to resist injustice , to organise , the sentiment of unity , the pride of the proletariat and above all class consciousness .

Perón 's capacity to deliver the tangible benefits that established unions working against the state apparatus could not hope to obtain for their members ( labour 's share of the national income increased by twenty-five per cent between 1946 and 1950 ) ensured that the loyalties of massive sectors of the post-1955 labour movement were to Peronism rather than to Communism or socialism .
perón 's [ability] to deliver the tangible benefits that established unions working against the state apparatus could not hope to obtain for their members ( labour 's share of the national income increased by twenty-five per cent between 1946 and 1950 ) ensured that the loyalties of massive sectors of the post-1955 labour movement were to peronism rather than to communism or socialism .

on the one hand to provide a platform for asserting labor 's right to contend on an equal footing with capital but , on the other hand , to limit the very capacity to engage in militant confrontation .
on the one hand to provide a platform for asserting labor 's right to contend on an equal footing with capital but , on the other hand , to limit the very [ability] to engage in militant confrontation .

The police capacity to respond to public disorder has greatly improved since the riots .
the police [ability] to respond to public disorder has greatly improved since the riots .

Love 's enemies profit from its unspecific claims , its grand capacity for isolationism So where do we start ?
love 's enemies profit from its unspecific claims , its grand [ability] for isolationism so where do we start ?

This was possible mainly because the capacity for viewing personal identity in terms of language and ‘ languages ’ , which was to become the hallmark of her work from the 1960s onward , is integrated in the early novels into a realist narrative mode .
this was possible mainly because the [ability] for viewing personal identity in terms of language and ‘ languages ’ , which was to become the hallmark of her work from the 1960s onward , is integrated in the early novels into a realist narrative mode .

While the transgression of narrative conventions manifest in Brooke-Rose 's first four novels indicate a frustration with realist fiction , realism demonstrates a remarkable capacity for assimilating such deviations .
while the transgression of narrative conventions manifest in brooke-rose 's first four novels indicate a frustration with realist fiction , realism demonstrates a remarkable [ability] for assimilating such deviations .

The establishment of proper boundaries is clearly at issue in the use of linguistic structures that have the capacity to found a noman 's land between proper meanings and bounded territories , creating a zone of ambiguity .
the establishment of proper boundaries is clearly at issue in the use of linguistic structures that have the [ability] to found a noman 's land between proper meanings and bounded territories , creating a zone of ambiguity .

Yet contrary to what one might expect , the capacity for assimilation is not accompanied by a discursive restriction .
yet contrary to what one might expect , the [ability] for assimilation is not accompanied by a discursive restriction .

Freud describes schizophrenia as a narcissistic disorder in which the capacity for reality-testing breaks down and the patient hallucinates frequently .
freud describes schizophrenia as a narcissistic disorder in which the [ability] for reality-testing breaks down and the patient hallucinates frequently .

Metaphor in Out is used in two distinct ways : on the one hand , the medical theory ‘ diagnosis prognosticates aetiology ’ is extended coercively to other domains of thought ; on the other hand , the mind 's capacity for variation and mutation leads the main character to produce creative metaphors which distort , subvert , and ‘ mobilize ’ the language of authority .
metaphor in out is used in two distinct ways : on the one hand , the medical theory ‘ diagnosis prognosticates aetiology ’ is extended coercively to other domains of thought ; on the other hand , the mind 's [ability] for variation and mutation leads the main character to produce creative metaphors which distort , subvert , and ‘ mobilize ’ the language of authority .

She is , in her professional capacity , the site of convergence of many discourses but the generator of none .
she is , in her professional [ability] , the site of convergence of many discourses but the generator of none .

The ‘ bad copies ’ the main character produces are made possible by the fact that a number of comparable codes are juxtaposed simultaneously in her mind . In an interview Christine Brooke-Rose illustrates the capacity for this type of juxtaposition to generate parody :
the ‘ bad copies ’ the main character produces are made possible by the fact that a number of comparable codes are juxtaposed simultaneously in her mind . in an interview christine brooke-rose illustrates the [ability] for this type of juxtaposition to generate parody :

Larissa is described in her narratorial capacity as ‘ some teller or Other ’ ( 27/605 ) .
larissa is described in her narratorial [ability] as ‘ some teller or other ’ ( 27/605 ) .

But this history is easily overlooked , as is the modern computer 's capacity to accommodate ‘ semantic ’ undecidables , in scientists ' eagerness to construct a myth of the internal consistency and autonomy of their discipline .
but this history is easily overlooked , as is the modern computer 's [ability] to accommodate ‘ semantic ’ undecidables , in scientists ' eagerness to construct a myth of the internal consistency and autonomy of their discipline .

In their encounter with Xorandor , Jip and Zab discover a race that is radically ‘ other ’ to their own conception of life , a race that , though voiceless , and apparently powerless , nevertheless surpasses humankind in cognitive capacity : ‘ … their life-purpose , their survival kit , seems to have depended on silence — not to each other but towards us , though they learnt from us and went beyond us ’ ( 192 ) .
in their encounter with xorandor , jip and zab discover a race that is radically ‘ other ’ to their own conception of life , a race that , though voiceless , and apparently powerless , nevertheless surpasses humankind in cognitive [ability] : ‘ … their life-purpose , their survival kit , seems to have depended on silence — not to each other but towards us , though they learnt from us and went beyond us ’ ( 192 ) .

This is a classic case of dramatic irony which alerts the reader to the fact that novels too are capable of mixing fantastic and realistic elements , that indeed the capacity to do so is one of their defining characteristics .
this is a classic case of dramatic irony which alerts the reader to the fact that novels too are capable of mixing fantastic and realistic elements , that indeed the [ability] to do so is one of their defining characteristics .

Loss of senses and muscle through the media , loss of memory and logical capacity through computers ’ ( 92 ) .
loss of senses and muscle through the media , loss of memory and logical [ability] through computers ’ ( 92 ) .

Already in Out the narrator was obsessed with the mind 's capacity for erasing one version of a story and substituting another : ‘ We can make our errors in a thought and reject them in another thought , leaving no trace of error in us ’ ( 51/53 ) .
already in out the narrator was obsessed with the mind 's [ability] for erasing one version of a story and substituting another : ‘ we can make our errors in a thought and reject them in another thought , leaving no trace of error in us ’ ( 51/53 ) .

Because the novel relies on prior literary knowledge , each individual reading will necessarily be the idiosyncratic result of an interaction between the proper names given and the reader 's capacity to ‘ round out ’ these names by furnishing them with personalities and circumstantial details ( which may vary considerably even between readers who have read the same texts ) .
because the novel relies on prior literary knowledge , each individual reading will necessarily be the idiosyncratic result of an interaction between the proper names given and the reader 's [ability] to ‘ round out ’ these names by furnishing them with personalities and circumstantial details ( which may vary considerably even between readers who have read the same texts ) .

If you are beginning the game , changing your swing technique or just practising constructively , your learning capacity will have limits .
if you are beginning the game , changing your swing technique or just practising constructively , your learning [ability] will have limits .

The network must be capable of offering access between 64 kbit/s and 2 Mbit/s with usage charges being related primarily to the capacity of the access link .
the network must be capable of offering access between 64 kbit/s and 2 mbit/s with usage charges being related primarily to the [ability] of the access link .

‘ It is all-important for their future health and their capacity to learn that children adopt balanced eating habits .
‘ it is all-important for their future health and their [ability] to learn that children adopt balanced eating habits .

The 1988 Act allows open enrolment , so that schools are forced to accept children up to the limit of their capacity .
the 1988 act allows open enrolment , so that schools are forced to accept children up to the limit of their [ability] .

First-time buyers — especially in the South-east — frequently borrow to the very limit of their capacity to repay , and if there is a change for the worse in their circumstances , or if interest rates rise steeply , then they may find themselves in great difficulty .
first-time buyers — especially in the south-east — frequently borrow to the very limit of their [ability] to repay , and if there is a change for the worse in their circumstances , or if interest rates rise steeply , then they may find themselves in great difficulty .

It is assumed , on very little evidence , that the other three sectors have the capacity to expand their activities and that there are no countervailing drawbacks to their doing so .
it is assumed , on very little evidence , that the other three sectors have the [ability] to expand their activities and that there are no countervailing drawbacks to their doing so .

Rising divorce rates affect the family 's capacity for caring by adding to the number of lone parents .
rising divorce rates affect the family 's [ability] for caring by adding to the number of lone parents .

Asking what is the capacity for such an expansion , in practical terms , we must conclude that the available evidence suggests that it would require a transformation that would be nothing short of miraculous .
asking what is the [ability] for such an expansion , in practical terms , we must conclude that the available evidence suggests that it would require a transformation that would be nothing short of miraculous .

The problem is that welfare pluralists seem to overestimate the capacity of the state to regulate the slice of the welfare market the commercial sector takes … More fundamentally … welfare pluralists can not escape opening wider the door to privatisation by the support for the commercial sector inherent in their advocacy of a plurality of sources of welfare .
the problem is that welfare pluralists seem to overestimate the [ability] of the state to regulate the slice of the welfare market the commercial sector takes … more fundamentally … welfare pluralists can not escape opening wider the door to privatisation by the support for the commercial sector inherent in their advocacy of a plurality of sources of welfare .

Two important distinctions are made : first , between care provided in the carer 's home and that provided in the client 's home ; and second , between substitute care , in which the ‘ normal ’ carer ( or the local authority ) is replaced , and supplementary care , where the paid carer supplements the care of others or the client 's capacity for self-care .
two important distinctions are made : first , between care provided in the carer 's home and that provided in the client 's home ; and second , between substitute care , in which the ‘ normal ’ carer ( or the local authority ) is replaced , and supplementary care , where the paid carer supplements the care of others or the client 's [ability] for self-care .

It also argues that the Conservative emphasis on family care ignores much recent research indicating that social changes are restricting the family 's capacity to care .
it also argues that the conservative emphasis on family care ignores much recent research indicating that social changes are restricting the family 's [ability] to care .

Both have a universal carrying case and charge capacity indicator .
both have a universal carrying case and charge [ability] indicator .

The proceeded not by touring the Alps measuring skiers ' pulse rated , but instead made two simple mathematical calculations : the size of the resorts ( in beds , or perhaps pillows ) divided by the capacity of the lift system , to measure queues ; and the cost of a lift pass divided by the aggregate piste length , to produce a pfennigs — per kilometre gauge of value for money .
the proceeded not by touring the alps measuring skiers ' pulse rated , but instead made two simple mathematical calculations : the size of the resorts ( in beds , or perhaps pillows ) divided by the [ability] of the lift system , to measure queues ; and the cost of a lift pass divided by the aggregate piste length , to produce a pfennigs — per kilometre gauge of value for money .

The destruction of the Ba'athist regime , the armed services , the manufacturing and industrial sectors , the infrastructure , the energy supply and the capacity for sustaining any normal level of social life in Iraq ‘ in order to restore the sovereignty of Kuwait ’ could go ahead .
the destruction of the ba'athist regime , the armed services , the manufacturing and industrial sectors , the infrastructure , the energy supply and the [ability] for sustaining any normal level of social life in iraq ‘ in order to restore the sovereignty of kuwait ’ could go ahead .

In the view of Nicholas Soames , though , such a capacity for reasoned assessment is , apparently , almost non-existent .
in the view of nicholas soames , though , such a [ability] for reasoned assessment is , apparently , almost non-existent .

However the capacity will remain limited and fragile .
however the [ability] will remain limited and fragile .

It needs careful and knowledgeable underwriters to monitor and hopefully improve the capacity in future years .
it needs careful and knowledgeable underwriters to monitor and hopefully improve the [ability] in future years .

We knew we had Roseanne Barr 's capacity to be fat and sexy and , on a bad day , any one of us could be Grace Jones — Terminator 3 ?
we knew we had roseanne barr 's [ability] to be fat and sexy and , on a bad day , any one of us could be grace jones — terminator 3 ?

Chanel 's Prévention Active , designed to be used every morning by the over 25s , works to boost the light-reflective capacity of the epidermis by slowing down the formation of free radicals and boosting the microcirculatory network which is situated between the dermis and the epidermis .
chanel 's prévention active , designed to be used every morning by the over 25s , works to boost the light-reflective [ability] of the epidermis by slowing down the formation of free radicals and boosting the microcirculatory network which is situated between the dermis and the epidermis .

The most disturbing aspect of stress is its tendency to undermine the body 's normal capacity for rest , thus hastening ageing , yet without initially producing any dramatic symptoms .
the most disturbing aspect of stress is its tendency to undermine the body 's normal [ability] for rest , thus hastening ageing , yet without initially producing any dramatic symptoms .

This should not be confused with capacity .
this should not be confused with [ability] .

Helen , marvelling at Joyce 's capacity for self-protection , often wondered at her choice of career .
helen , marvelling at joyce 's [ability] for self-protection , often wondered at her choice of career .

Though Caedwalla remained unbaptized until after his abdication as king in 688 , it is not inconceivable that he approached Wilfrid in such a capacity , and certainly by the time of his abdication Caedwalla had resolved to seek baptism in Rome itself .
though caedwalla remained unbaptized until after his abdication as king in 688 , it is not inconceivable that he approached wilfrid in such a [ability] , and certainly by the time of his abdication caedwalla had resolved to seek baptism in rome itself .

It seems reasonable to suspect that a certain political and military stability had first to be achieved and that the capacity to make law required consensus and mature counsel among the wiser men of the realm who advised the king which transcended his purely personal ambition .
it seems reasonable to suspect that a certain political and military stability had first to be achieved and that the [ability] to make law required consensus and mature counsel among the wiser men of the realm who advised the king which transcended his purely personal ambition .

These comprise several features : employment has fallen in most branches of manufacturing and in some parts of the service sector ; land has been diverted from residential use by office expansion , road construction and slum clearance ; more mobile people have been leaving to escape the poor physical environment and the social problems ; new private house-building has been discouraged by high costs , land hoarding by local authorities and uncertainties about sales potential ; and falling household size has reduced the capacity of the overall housing stock ( Cameron , 1980 ; Evans and Eversley , 1980 ; Kennett and Hall , 1981 ; Lawless , 1981 ) .
these comprise several features : employment has fallen in most branches of manufacturing and in some parts of the service sector ; land has been diverted from residential use by office expansion , road construction and slum clearance ; more mobile people have been leaving to escape the poor physical environment and the social problems ; new private house-building has been discouraged by high costs , land hoarding by local authorities and uncertainties about sales potential ; and falling household size has reduced the [ability] of the overall housing stock ( cameron , 1980 ; evans and eversley , 1980 ; kennett and hall , 1981 ; lawless , 1981 ) .

Again falling household size has played an important role here in reducing the capacity of these areas , but equally significant have been the tight planning controls on urban development , particularly the wide Green Belts round most of the larger cities .
again falling household size has played an important role here in reducing the [ability] of these areas , but equally significant have been the tight planning controls on urban development , particularly the wide green belts round most of the larger cities .

Direct commercial influences are clearly involved where the corporation closes excess capacity in a particular product , or withdraws from that market entirely .
direct commercial influences are clearly involved where the corporation closes excess [ability] in a particular product , or withdraws from that market entirely .

By the 1970s the large part of industrial capacity of peripheral regions was ‘ externally controlled ’ from other regions ( principally London ) , both through company acquisitions and through the effects of regional policy in concentrating new investment in large ‘ Fordist ’ plants in ‘ assisted areas ’ .
by the 1970s the large part of industrial [ability] of peripheral regions was ‘ externally controlled ’ from other regions ( principally london ) , both through company acquisitions and through the effects of regional policy in concentrating new investment in large ‘ fordist ’ plants in ‘ assisted areas ’ .

For Hopkins , as for Blackwell , women 's moral power lay in their capacity to harness and control male sexual energy by drawing out the spiritual impulses of human nature .
for hopkins , as for blackwell , women 's moral power lay in their [ability] to harness and control male sexual energy by drawing out the spiritual impulses of human nature .

This ‘ language deficit ’ was often assumed , explicitly or otherwise , to reflect a corresponding ‘ cognitive deficit ’ : because language and thought are related , a person with a restricted language capacity is also likely to have a restricted thinking capacity .
this ‘ language deficit ’ was often assumed , explicitly or otherwise , to reflect a corresponding ‘ cognitive deficit ’ : because language and thought are related , a person with a restricted language [ability] is also likely to have a restricted thinking [ability] .

They accept that language differences might indicate differences in language capacity , when this capacity is measured in relation to particular situations and communicative demands .
they accept that language differences might indicate differences in language [ability] , when this [ability] is measured in relation to particular situations and communicative demands .

In all phases of the education system , community language sessions have to be made enjoyable : such language learning is a process which has a real capacity to engage the learners even where there may not be significant material rewards .
in all phases of the education system , community language sessions have to be made enjoyable : such language learning is a process which has a real [ability] to engage the learners even where there may not be significant material rewards .

Maturity of outlook over the years led it to have a capacity for assuming an independent role , based on its own inherent values .
maturity of outlook over the years led it to have a [ability] for assuming an independent role , based on its own inherent values .

The national situation was overlain by sharp regional differences within the country from the point of view of depression and capacity for recovery .
the national situation was overlain by sharp regional differences within the country from the point of view of depression and [ability] for recovery .

There was for example the capacity of an expanding middle class to afford their own homes .
there was for example the [ability] of an expanding middle class to afford their own homes .

It was increasingly argued that unnecessary State control of personal and community affairs was wrong in principle , serving merely to weaken the capacity of the individual to enhance life chances ; arguments not heard for perhaps half a century were rehearsed .
it was increasingly argued that unnecessary state control of personal and community affairs was wrong in principle , serving merely to weaken the [ability] of the individual to enhance life chances ; arguments not heard for perhaps half a century were rehearsed .

But comprehensive data collection ran ahead of a capacity for meaningful analysis , and prescriptive content was disappointing .
but comprehensive data collection ran ahead of a [ability] for meaningful analysis , and prescriptive content was disappointing .

The last decades of the century also saw a vast development in America 's capacity for science education .
the last decades of the century also saw a vast development in america 's [ability] for science education .

He noted that its heavy brow-ridges gave it an ape-like appearance , but rejected it as a ‘ missing link ’ because of its large capacity .
he noted that its heavy brow-ridges gave it an ape-like appearance , but rejected it as a ‘ missing link ’ because of its large [ability] .

This form of ‘ social Darwinism ’ emphasized the destructive capacity of struggle , but drew even more heavily upon pre-Darwinian models of historical development , which had now become fashionable in the age of imperialism .
this form of ‘ social darwinism ’ emphasized the destructive [ability] of struggle , but drew even more heavily upon pre-darwinian models of historical development , which had now become fashionable in the age of imperialism .

There are , of course , many men who have the capacity to offer comfort and who are at ease with their partner 's tears .
there are , of course , many men who have the [ability] to offer comfort and who are at ease with their partner 's tears .

After a succession of these experiences their capacity to cry at all may even dry up , along with the relationship between themselves and their partner .
after a succession of these experiences their [ability] to cry at all may even dry up , along with the relationship between themselves and their partner .

She may not have had any opportunity to understand their capacity to nourish her emotional life .
she may not have had any opportunity to understand their [ability] to nourish her emotional life .

They recognize the pointlessness of confrontation with a small creature who does n't understand the assumptions on which the adult is operating , and develop a capacity to catch the passing joy and respect serendipity .
they recognize the pointlessness of confrontation with a small creature who does n't understand the assumptions on which the adult is operating , and develop a [ability] to catch the passing joy and respect serendipity .

The kibbutz child does well in the army and is comfortable living in a group ; the man reared in middle-class boarding schools and residential colleges learns skills of suppressing emotion , and develops attitudes of tolerance and a capacity to work productively with others whom he may not like .
the kibbutz child does well in the army and is comfortable living in a group ; the man reared in middle-class boarding schools and residential colleges learns skills of suppressing emotion , and develops attitudes of tolerance and a [ability] to work productively with others whom he may not like .

These are patients cut off from their capacity to feel , presumably to protect themselves from emotional pain .
these are patients cut off from their [ability] to feel , presumably to protect themselves from emotional pain .

Their different paths can seem as much the result of luck , accident or opportunity as any capacity to distinguish between right and wrong .
their different paths can seem as much the result of luck , accident or opportunity as any [ability] to distinguish between right and wrong .

If prisoners feel they are treated as less than human , without normal instincts of tenderness or capacity for pain , they react as if that is the case .
if prisoners feel they are treated as less than human , without normal instincts of tenderness or [ability] for pain , they react as if that is the case .

Since for many men sexual capacity lies at the root of self-esteem , the chances are high that he will try to find another woman to reassure him .
since for many men sexual [ability] lies at the root of self-esteem , the chances are high that he will try to find another woman to reassure him .

It is the capacity to feel , to reflect , to regret , to repent that distinguishes us from other creatures .
it is the [ability] to feel , to reflect , to regret , to repent that distinguishes us from other creatures .

The human capacity to grow and develop from even the smallest seed of hope is a constant miracle .
the human [ability] to grow and develop from even the smallest seed of hope is a constant miracle .

Our capacity to deny or block out the pain can wear thin .
our [ability] to deny or block out the pain can wear thin .

Unresolved mourning has the capacity to erupt as an overwhelming crisis when a further bereavement is faced , not only of a death , but also of a loss to one 's life-purpose , like redundancy or retirement .
unresolved mourning has the [ability] to erupt as an overwhelming crisis when a further bereavement is faced , not only of a death , but also of a loss to one 's life-purpose , like redundancy or retirement .

It 's as if the denial of the pain inhibits their capacity to learn .
it 's as if the denial of the pain inhibits their [ability] to learn .

The ability to let go of parts of our past , of parts of ourselves , of fantasies , of dreams that are no longer relevant , of pain that has long since served its purpose , is an essential part of our capacity to grieve and to recreate ourselves .
the ability to let go of parts of our past , of parts of ourselves , of fantasies , of dreams that are no longer relevant , of pain that has long since served its purpose , is an essential part of our [ability] to grieve and to recreate ourselves .

While we are all born with the capacity to cry , that capacity can be lost .
while we are all born with the [ability] to cry , that [ability] can be lost .

Weeping and sobbing are natural and appropriate responses to grief and our body is designed to provide the capacity and to use it creatively .
weeping and sobbing are natural and appropriate responses to grief and our body is designed to provide the [ability] and to use it creatively .

This kind of crying may have to be relearnt by those whose early life experiences have distorted their natural capacity .
this kind of crying may have to be relearnt by those whose early life experiences have distorted their natural [ability] .

The way we handle feelings about illnesses , we now know , will have a considerable effect on the capacity to recover from them .
the way we handle feelings about illnesses , we now know , will have a considerable effect on the [ability] to recover from them .

When the capacity to express powerful feeling is restored , changes occur not only in the person 's perception of the world but also in their physiology .
when the [ability] to express powerful feeling is restored , changes occur not only in the person 's perception of the world but also in their physiology .

Freud and Breur described one case which illustrates this capacity for self-healing .
freud and breur described one case which illustrates this [ability] for self-healing .

But when he surmised the attack was due that night , Tom Ingledew agreed that they would have to sacrifice some fighting capacity on that front — and even some lives — in order to gain the maximum advantage from keeping the sloop as a decoy .
but when he surmised the attack was due that night , tom ingledew agreed that they would have to sacrifice some fighting [ability] on that front — and even some lives — in order to gain the maximum advantage from keeping the sloop as a decoy .

The rate of fire decay behind the flame front depends to a large extent on fire loading , the physical state and thermal capacity of the fuel and does not appear to have been studied in the same depth .
the rate of fire decay behind the flame front depends to a large extent on fire loading , the physical state and thermal [ability] of the fuel and does not appear to have been studied in the same depth .

In the types of premises under consideration , having accepted that conventional methods of fire fighting are likely to be ineffective , the success of controlling fire may perhaps no longer be judged in terms of cubic capacity alone .
in the types of premises under consideration , having accepted that conventional methods of fire fighting are likely to be ineffective , the success of controlling fire may perhaps no longer be judged in terms of cubic [ability] alone .

These are welcome indications of the academic community enhancing its capacity to engage collectively in self-criticism .
these are welcome indications of the academic community enhancing its [ability] to engage collectively in self-criticism .

They show that institutions of higher education have the capacity to go on developing as self-critical corporations .
they show that institutions of higher education have the [ability] to go on developing as self-critical corporations .

Academic freedom , whether for teachers or students , can not mean academic licence ; the role of the academic , in whatever capacity , is a demanding one , with its own obligations .
academic freedom , whether for teachers or students , can not mean academic licence ; the role of the academic , in whatever [ability] , is a demanding one , with its own obligations .

The desktop systems simply do not possess the storage capacity or speed required to manipulate colour documents of more than a page or two , let alone have the operator skills .
the desktop systems simply do not possess the storage [ability] or speed required to manipulate colour documents of more than a page or two , let alone have the operator skills .

advisory capacity : a committee is frequently used to offer advice to a decision-maker , ;
advisory [ability] : a committee is frequently used to offer advice to a decision-maker , ;

Some delegation is necessary in all large organisations because of the limitations to the physical and mental capacity of senior managers .
some delegation is necessary in all large organisations because of the limitations to the physical and mental [ability] of senior managers .

Limited resources may restrict capacity for developing new product ideas on which the organisation may have been founded .
limited resources may restrict [ability] for developing new product ideas on which the organisation may have been founded .

Two of them ( slack resources and the creation of self-contained tasks ) work by reducing the need for information- processing while the remaining two ( investment in vertical systems ; creation of lateral relations ) aim to increase the organisation 's capacity for handling information .
two of them ( slack resources and the creation of self-contained tasks ) work by reducing the need for information- processing while the remaining two ( investment in vertical systems ; creation of lateral relations ) aim to increase the organisation 's [ability] for handling information .

This effect lessened our national productive capacity and placed a higher burden on the primary manufacturing industries like Engineering , Car manufacture , Aircraft makers , in order to keep an increasing number of nonproducers .
this effect lessened our national productive [ability] and placed a higher burden on the primary manufacturing industries like engineering , car manufacture , aircraft makers , in order to keep an increasing number of nonproducers .

The suggestion is not that Britain be turned into a glasshouse containing a mass of Disneylands and Mafia-run casinos ; merely that we take a serious and professional look at extending our all-year capacity to give people what they want .
the suggestion is not that britain be turned into a glasshouse containing a mass of disneylands and mafia-run casinos ; merely that we take a serious and professional look at extending our all-year [ability] to give people what they want .

He subsequently joined the merchant service , rising in due course to become commander of a transport vessel , in which capacity he accompanied one of the expeditions to Greenland led by Sir William Parry [ q.v . ]
he subsequently joined the merchant service , rising in due course to become commander of a transport vessel , in which [ability] he accompanied one of the expeditions to greenland led by sir william parry [ q.v . ]

In this capacity Baker submitted biannual reports and advised on legislation , which was elaborated and then codified by the Factories Act of 1878 .
in this [ability] baker submitted biannual reports and advised on legislation , which was elaborated and then codified by the factories act of 1878 .

His extraordinary conceit and capacity for intrigue spilled over into a genuine mental instability and in 1869 he was removed from Rome to a lunatic asylum in a convent at Passy , a suburb of Paris .
his extraordinary conceit and [ability] for intrigue spilled over into a genuine mental instability and in 1869 he was removed from rome to a lunatic asylum in a convent at passy , a suburb of paris .

By then his disinclination for systematic work or study , his capacity to spend money , and what he called his ‘ propensity to women ’ were all well developed .
by then his disinclination for systematic work or study , his [ability] to spend money , and what he called his ‘ propensity to women ’ were all well developed .

After short periods as general manager and chief engineer of the Mutual and the New Telephone Companies he set up in practice in 1893 as a consulting telephone and telegraph engineer , in which capacity he acted as consulting engineer to the telephone departments of Guernsey ( 1896–1921 ) and Glasgow ( 1900–4 ) , as well as Portsmouth , Hull , Brighton , and Swansea ( 1900–11 ) .
after short periods as general manager and chief engineer of the mutual and the new telephone companies he set up in practice in 1893 as a consulting telephone and telegraph engineer , in which [ability] he acted as consulting engineer to the telephone departments of guernsey ( 1896–1921 ) and glasgow ( 1900–4 ) , as well as portsmouth , hull , brighton , and swansea ( 1900–11 ) .

From 1828 to 1850 he acted as engineer to the Scottish Fisheries Board , in which capacity he built or improved numerous harbours , including Dunbar , Fraserburgh , Inverness , and Wick .
from 1828 to 1850 he acted as engineer to the scottish fisheries board , in which [ability] he built or improved numerous harbours , including dunbar , fraserburgh , inverness , and wick .

Sobhuza , however , possessed political skills in abundance and he cunningly blended appeal to tribal custom with a capacity to manage economic and social change for his kingdom without weakening his autocratic power base .
sobhuza , however , possessed political skills in abundance and he cunningly blended appeal to tribal custom with a [ability] to manage economic and social change for his kingdom without weakening his autocratic power base .

, in about 1869 , working on the development of techniques for duplexing signals in submarine telegraph cables , and making precision measurements of resistance and capacity .
, in about 1869 , working on the development of techniques for duplexing signals in submarine telegraph cables , and making precision measurements of resistance and [ability] .

Perhaps again due to Hesilrige 's patronage , he became clerk of the council under the restored Commonwealth of May to October 1659 ; less predictably , however , he seems to have continued to act in this capacity under the ill-fated committee of safety ( October-December 1659 ) , this time committing himself to the service of the generals , notably Charles Fleetwood and John Lambert [ qq.v . ]
perhaps again due to hesilrige 's patronage , he became clerk of the council under the restored commonwealth of may to october 1659 ; less predictably , however , he seems to have continued to act in this [ability] under the ill-fated committee of safety ( october-december 1659 ) , this time committing himself to the service of the generals , notably charles fleetwood and john lambert [ qq.v . ]

He also came under attack in his capacity as a revenue farmer and would-be monopolist .
he also came under attack in his [ability] as a revenue farmer and would-be monopolist .

She had limited capacity for invention , and her fairy stories are low on enchantment , but she had unusual talent for entering into a child 's feelings .
she had limited [ability] for invention , and her fairy stories are low on enchantment , but she had unusual talent for entering into a child 's feelings .

Very occasionally he also made designs to be carried out by others — and if acting in an architect 's supervisory capacity only he would charge the 5 per cent fee which was normal at the time — while at Ditchley he was , remarkably , employed as both ‘ surveyor ’ , receiving his 5 per cent , and mason contractor .
very occasionally he also made designs to be carried out by others — and if acting in an architect 's supervisory [ability] only he would charge the 5 per cent fee which was normal at the time — while at ditchley he was , remarkably , employed as both ‘ surveyor ’ , receiving his 5 per cent , and mason contractor .

Though constantly ill and in pain , his vision and capacity to inspire others never deserted him .
though constantly ill and in pain , his vision and [ability] to inspire others never deserted him .

He always remained a Catholic , with a remarkable capacity for organization , straightforward , provocative oratory , and a markedly shrewd political instinct .
he always remained a catholic , with a remarkable [ability] for organization , straightforward , provocative oratory , and a markedly shrewd political instinct .

He was more active as a member of the first Jacobean Parliament , often called upon in his official capacity to supply precedents , but he is best remembered for his diary of the Parliament , which has been described as ‘ indispensable ’ .
he was more active as a member of the first jacobean parliament , often called upon in his official [ability] to supply precedents , but he is best remembered for his diary of the parliament , which has been described as ‘ indispensable ’ .

They were housed for most of the year with their ‘ Granny Jerram ’ in the Epsom grandstand , which was let to Henry Dorling in his capacity as clerk of the course .
they were housed for most of the year with their ‘ granny jerram ’ in the epsom grandstand , which was let to henry dorling in his [ability] as clerk of the course .

He was active in the substantial Niagara Falls hydroelectric scheme , first in a consultant capacity and then staying in Canada to superintend its construction from 1891 to 1895 .
he was active in the substantial niagara falls hydroelectric scheme , first in a consultant [ability] and then staying in canada to superintend its construction from 1891 to 1895 .

In 1899 the London , Chatham and Dover and the South Eastern Railways were brought under the operational control of a joint managing committee and Sykes was appointed consulting electrical engineer to the new organization , in which capacity he continued until his death , having served the same railway for fifty-four years .
in 1899 the london , chatham and dover and the south eastern railways were brought under the operational control of a joint managing committee and sykes was appointed consulting electrical engineer to the new organization , in which [ability] he continued until his death , having served the same railway for fifty-four years .

Having completed all his examinations in four months , instead of the usual six , he was appointed to the rank of sub-inspector and , in that capacity , between 1860 and 1868 he served in counties Tipperary , Donegal , and Kilkenny , and in Belfast .
having completed all his examinations in four months , instead of the usual six , he was appointed to the rank of sub-inspector and , in that [ability] , between 1860 and 1868 he served in counties tipperary , donegal , and kilkenny , and in belfast .

In this capacity , his wisdom and tolerance gave much encouragement to young writers .
in this [ability] , his wisdom and tolerance gave much encouragement to young writers .

Among his many other notable designs were the Dome of Discovery at the Festival of Britain ( 1951 ) ; Auckland harbour bridge , the Wye bridge on the Welsh side of the Severn crossing , the Volta river bridge ( later known as Adomi bridge ) in Ghana , and the new Maidenhead bridge ; radio telescopes in Australia and Canada ; and two goliath cranes of 400 tons capacity for use in the construction of nuclear power stations .
among his many other notable designs were the dome of discovery at the festival of britain ( 1951 ) ; auckland harbour bridge , the wye bridge on the welsh side of the severn crossing , the volta river bridge ( later known as adomi bridge ) in ghana , and the new maidenhead bridge ; radio telescopes in australia and canada ; and two goliath cranes of 400 tons [ability] for use in the construction of nuclear power stations .

He also explored the way in which separation of the child from the mother leads to playing and ultimately to the capacity for cultural elaboration .
he also explored the way in which separation of the child from the mother leads to playing and ultimately to the [ability] for cultural elaboration .

He displayed considerable skill in matching supply to the much-reduced demand by working the plant at below capacity .
he displayed considerable skill in matching supply to the much-reduced demand by working the plant at below [ability] .

In 1649 he became deputy chief justice of the Chester circuit , in which capacity he presided over the trials of James Stanley , seventh Earl of Derby , Sir Timothy Fetherstonhaugh [ qq.v . ]
in 1649 he became deputy chief justice of the chester circuit , in which [ability] he presided over the trials of james stanley , seventh earl of derby , sir timothy fetherstonhaugh [ qq.v . ]

It was after the Revolution that Gould first came to prominence when he became one of the largest suppliers of hemp , pitch , and tar to the Royal Navy ; and in this capacity , immediately before the War of the Spanish Succession , he played an important part in providing the navy with Russian hemp from Archangel in place of the supplies that could no longer be obtained from Riga ( beleaguered by the Russians ) .
it was after the revolution that gould first came to prominence when he became one of the largest suppliers of hemp , pitch , and tar to the royal navy ; and in this [ability] , immediately before the war of the spanish succession , he played an important part in providing the navy with russian hemp from archangel in place of the supplies that could no longer be obtained from riga ( beleaguered by the russians ) .

While in that capacity he devised an ingenious method of casting railway chairs , and also designed the wrought-iron roof of the New Street Station in Birmingham , which with a span of 211 feet was the largest iron roof at the time of its completion .
while in that [ability] he devised an ingenious method of casting railway chairs , and also designed the wrought-iron roof of the new street station in birmingham , which with a span of 211 feet was the largest iron roof at the time of its completion .

An excellent teacher and a generous and helpful colleague , his outstanding success in research was based on the combination of an excellent operative technique , a continual bubbling flow of new ideas , and a huge capacity for work .
an excellent teacher and a generous and helpful colleague , his outstanding success in research was based on the combination of an excellent operative technique , a continual bubbling flow of new ideas , and a huge [ability] for work .

Here Revelstoke was in his element ; acute intelligence and charm , capacity for meticulous work , presence and eloquence , fluency in French and Spanish , and , above all , financial acumen made him a match for the wiliest of South American presidents , North American railway barons , European finance ministers , and the members of the British cabinet with all of whom he had to deal at one time or another .
here revelstoke was in his element ; acute intelligence and charm , [ability] for meticulous work , presence and eloquence , fluency in french and spanish , and , above all , financial acumen made him a match for the wiliest of south american presidents , north american railway barons , european finance ministers , and the members of the british cabinet with all of whom he had to deal at one time or another .

He was a master stylist , a sharp , satirical observer of the social scene with an unfailing capacity for taking up a variety of interests , and the ability to persuade his readers to share his enthusiasms , however out-of-the-way .
he was a master stylist , a sharp , satirical observer of the social scene with an unfailing [ability] for taking up a variety of interests , and the ability to persuade his readers to share his enthusiasms , however out-of-the-way .

His personal character is difficult to fathom , but he had a capacity for deep and long-lasting friendships .
his personal character is difficult to fathom , but he had a [ability] for deep and long-lasting friendships .

It rapidly demonstrated its power and haulage capacity despite teething troubles , and 140 of these and a slightly smaller variant transformed train operation over most of the steam-worked Southern lines .
it rapidly demonstrated its power and haulage [ability] despite teething troubles , and 140 of these and a slightly smaller variant transformed train operation over most of the steam-worked southern lines .

In this capacity he played a prominent part in strengthening Parliament 's position in Wales , and maintaining its foothold in Ireland .
in this [ability] he played a prominent part in strengthening parliament 's position in wales , and maintaining its foothold in ireland .

He was a man of great business capacity , and his leadership established the prosperity of the company for a decade after his death ; thereafter it declined , until it was acquired by Arthur Keen , of Guest , Keen & Co. , in 1902 .
he was a man of great business [ability] , and his leadership established the prosperity of the company for a decade after his death ; thereafter it declined , until it was acquired by arthur keen , of guest , keen & co. , in 1902 .

He had accepted membership of the royal commission on contagious diseases — the first working man ever to be appointed in this capacity — but this led to fierce opposition from within the union 's executive , and Applegarth resigned in April 1871 .
he had accepted membership of the royal commission on contagious diseases — the first working man ever to be appointed in this [ability] — but this led to fierce opposition from within the union 's executive , and applegarth resigned in april 1871 .

With a small administrative and professional staff , he quickly imposed his personality and capacity for decision on the chaotic scene of London 's local government .
with a small administrative and professional staff , he quickly imposed his personality and [ability] for decision on the chaotic scene of london 's local government .

Green 's early works as an architect included the Newcastle Literary and Philosophical Society 's building ( 1822–5 ) and the beginnings of a lengthy sequence of somewhat undistinguished Gothic-style churches ; while he also developed a reputation as a designer of farmhouses , being employed in this capacity on the Beaufront estate near Hexham ( 1824 ) and by Hugh Percy , second Duke of Northumberland [ q.v . ]
green 's early works as an architect included the newcastle literary and philosophical society 's building ( 1822–5 ) and the beginnings of a lengthy sequence of somewhat undistinguished gothic-style churches ; while he also developed a reputation as a designer of farmhouses , being employed in this [ability] on the beaufront estate near hexham ( 1824 ) and by hugh percy , second duke of northumberland [ q.v . ]

One of the achievements of the British ruling class historically has been its capacity to deflect opposition and resistance by calculated philanthropy and by the concentration on individualism as an explanation of success and failure .
one of the achievements of the british ruling class historically has been its [ability] to deflect opposition and resistance by calculated philanthropy and by the concentration on individualism as an explanation of success and failure .

The miners ' strike revealed the range of new movements and organisations which have been arenas , if complex and contradictory , for the development of working-class culture and working-class consciousness , promising to broaden traditional conceptions of the composition and objectives of the labour movement yet also portraying the unions ' capacity to ignore that potential when it stepped beyond the domestic and controllable to stake its own claims for recognition .
the miners ' strike revealed the range of new movements and organisations which have been arenas , if complex and contradictory , for the development of working-class culture and working-class consciousness , promising to broaden traditional conceptions of the composition and objectives of the labour movement yet also portraying the unions ' [ability] to ignore that potential when it stepped beyond the domestic and controllable to stake its own claims for recognition .

It was a question of religious capacity .
it was a question of religious [ability] .

He knew his own religious capacity .
he knew his own religious [ability] .

Her religious capacity might be greater than his .
her religious [ability] might be greater than his .

Coupled with these , the granting of security by a company is subject to the law relating to corporate capacity and director 's duties .
coupled with these , the granting of security by a company is subject to the law relating to corporate [ability] and director 's duties .

As regards these latter matters , it will be assumed for the remainder of the chapter , unless the contrary is stated , that a company has capacity to grant the security and that the directors were not acting in breach of their duty to the company or exceeding their authority .
as regards these latter matters , it will be assumed for the remainder of the chapter , unless the contrary is stated , that a company has [ability] to grant the security and that the directors were not acting in breach of their duty to the company or exceeding their authority .

Thus the conflictual , state-centric model , with its privileging of military security issues , is an essentially masculine representation , in which the separation of domestic and global politics precludes acknowledgement of the social processes constitutive of gender divisions , analysis of which is essential to understanding the role of the state — in particular its military capacity .
thus the conflictual , state-centric model , with its privileging of military security issues , is an essentially masculine representation , in which the separation of domestic and global politics precludes acknowledgement of the social processes constitutive of gender divisions , analysis of which is essential to understanding the role of the state — in particular its military [ability] .

Female conceptualizations of power emphasize its co-operative aspects in terms of alliance-building and problem-solving — that is power as ‘ energy , capacity , potential … the ability to act in concert ’ ( Tickner , 1991 ) .
female conceptualizations of power emphasize its co-operative aspects in terms of alliance-building and problem-solving — that is power as ‘ energy , [ability] , potential … the ability to act in concert ’ ( tickner , 1991 ) .

Discussion of these issues is also complicated by the link between global warming and deforestation , which reduces the capacity for absorption of excess carbon dioxide .
discussion of these issues is also complicated by the link between global warming and deforestation , which reduces the [ability] for absorption of excess carbon dioxide .

Recent decisions in Japan and Germany permitting deployment of their armed forces outside their national territories appear to support the realist view that , in the conduct of global politics , economic status must be backed by military capacity .
recent decisions in japan and germany permitting deployment of their armed forces outside their national territories appear to support the realist view that , in the conduct of global politics , economic status must be backed by military [ability] .

The Chinese say that regular practice can increase the elasticity of the lung and heart tissues , thus improving the lung 's capacity and increasing the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide .
the chinese say that regular practice can increase the elasticity of the lung and heart tissues , thus improving the lung 's [ability] and increasing the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide .

Very significant was the movement by ecologists towards trophic-dynamic ecology which was developed by Lindeman in a classic paper published in 1942 which built upon earlier conceptual frameworks and treated natural ecosystems on the basis of the capacity of their primary producers ( photosynthetic plants ) to capture part of the incident solar and atmospheric energy , and to incorporate it into the dry organic matter that would subsequently yield it to the grazing and decay food webs .
very significant was the movement by ecologists towards trophic-dynamic ecology which was developed by lindeman in a classic paper published in 1942 which built upon earlier conceptual frameworks and treated natural ecosystems on the basis of the [ability] of their primary producers ( photosynthetic plants ) to capture part of the incident solar and atmospheric energy , and to incorporate it into the dry organic matter that would subsequently yield it to the grazing and decay food webs .

Extreme events which exceed the normal capacity of the human system to reflect , absorb or buffer them are inherent in hazard .
extreme events which exceed the normal [ability] of the human system to reflect , absorb or buffer them are inherent in hazard .

Referring to widespread stresses Hare reviewed the carrying capacity of the earth , and planetary air pollution and climatic change with considerable vision and in ending on a fairly optimistic note commented :
referring to widespread stresses hare reviewed the carrying [ability] of the earth , and planetary air pollution and climatic change with considerable vision and in ending on a fairly optimistic note commented :

In the paper which succeeded that by Linton , Hare ( 1965 ) emphasized energy exchanges within the atmosphere where energy signified the capacity to do work and where work is what happens when force accelerates mass over distance .
in the paper which succeeded that by linton , hare ( 1965 ) emphasized energy exchanges within the atmosphere where energy signified the [ability] to do work and where work is what happens when force accelerates mass over distance .

Make the most of the unusual low fluty sound ( which can be mistaken for the sound of muted trumpets ) , as well as the capacity for flowing arabesques in the higher registers .
make the most of the unusual low fluty sound ( which can be mistaken for the sound of muted trumpets ) , as well as the [ability] for flowing arabesques in the higher registers .

This is , admittedly , one of their important duties , but their capacity for pianissimo delivery is very great , and the essential nobility of the trombone tone remains unchanged at all dynamic degrees .
this is , admittedly , one of their important duties , but their [ability] for pianissimo delivery is very great , and the essential nobility of the trombone tone remains unchanged at all dynamic degrees .

More recent theories , which we shall examine later , suggest that the idea of individuals being led is too passive and that the capacity for leadership may be in all of us .
more recent theories , which we shall examine later , suggest that the idea of individuals being led is too passive and that the [ability] for leadership may be in all of us .

Moreover , the large city or freight terminals had to have massive capacity to cope with intense seasonal pressures .
moreover , the large city or freight terminals had to have massive [ability] to cope with intense seasonal pressures .

To establish the quantum of damages that may be available , it is necessary to obtain as much information as possible about the injuries which the client suffered , and the future effect of such injuries , in particular upon the client 's earning capacity .
to establish the quantum of damages that may be available , it is necessary to obtain as much information as possible about the injuries which the client suffered , and the future effect of such injuries , in particular upon the client 's earning [ability] .

Case management , as defined and practised originally , developed as a service system response to the co-ordination of care , and while judgement of its value in other terms is not entirely inappropriate , it should be assessed in terms of its purpose , goals , and effectiveness , not in terms of its capacity to meet requirements projected on to it by others .
case management , as defined and practised originally , developed as a service system response to the co-ordination of care , and while judgement of its value in other terms is not entirely inappropriate , it should be assessed in terms of its purpose , goals , and effectiveness , not in terms of its [ability] to meet requirements projected on to it by others .

In this case , it was held that a woman lacked capacity to consent if she had neither the knowledge nor understanding to comprehend that ( a ) what was proposed to be done was the physical fact of penetration of her body by the male organ or if that were not proved , ( b ) that the act of penetration proposed was one of sexual connection as distinct from an act of a totally different character .
in this case , it was held that a woman lacked [ability] to consent if she had neither the knowledge nor understanding to comprehend that ( a ) what was proposed to be done was the physical fact of penetration of her body by the male organ or if that were not proved , ( b ) that the act of penetration proposed was one of sexual connection as distinct from an act of a totally different character .

It is suggested that where a woman registers unwillingness , a man does have the capacity and should be required to ascertain whether or not her consent is present .
it is suggested that where a woman registers unwillingness , a man does have the [ability] and should be required to ascertain whether or not her consent is present .

What of the victim , be it child , young girl or mentally inadequate woman , who fails to make any demonstration of lack of consent because she does not appreciate the nature of the act or lacks the capacity to understand its significance ?
what of the victim , be it child , young girl or mentally inadequate woman , who fails to make any demonstration of lack of consent because she does not appreciate the nature of the act or lacks the [ability] to understand its significance ?

But since , technically , she 'd never even been employed in any official capacity , she could hardly have cared less .
but since , technically , she 'd never even been employed in any official [ability] , she could hardly have cared less .

Both building professionals and production managers are concerned with providing a working environment that optimises productive capacity .
both building professionals and production managers are concerned with providing a working environment that optimises productive [ability] .

The increased processing capacity is required to support the underlying growth trend of 17 per cent per annum in computer usage and to cater for the introduction of new applications .
the increased processing [ability] is required to support the underlying growth trend of 17 per cent per annum in computer usage and to cater for the introduction of new applications .

The managers had their height , weight , blood pressure , flexibility , stamina and lung capacity measured and were asked for details of their lifestyle .
the managers had their height , weight , blood pressure , flexibility , stamina and lung [ability] measured and were asked for details of their lifestyle .

The temporary diversion of the Union Canal had to guarantee passage of 4½ million gallons of water a day with a similar standby capacity , whilst the Edinburgh/Carstairs railway was temporarily diverted over a length of almost 800 metres .
the temporary diversion of the union canal had to guarantee passage of 4½ million gallons of water a day with a similar standby [ability] , whilst the edinburgh/carstairs railway was temporarily diverted over a length of almost 800 metres .

The series had attracted capacity crowds and Sir Edward faced a packed hall when he gave his address , ‘ At the Heart of Europe ’ .
the series had attracted [ability] crowds and sir edward faced a packed hall when he gave his address , ‘ at the heart of europe ’ .

Also in October , around 200 delegates representing regional governments in Europe attended the ‘ Regional Summit ’ which was sponsored by the Council in its capacity as a member of the East of Scotland European Consortium
also in october , around 200 delegates representing regional governments in europe attended the ‘ regional summit ’ which was sponsored by the council in its [ability] as a member of the east of scotland european consortium

Most casualties ( 46 % ) recorded involved people who were at the time of the incident standing in buses , but it is not always clear from the recorded data whether the passengers were standing due to the vehicle 's seating capacity being fully utilised or were on their feet moving towards a seat or the bus exit .
most casualties ( 46 % ) recorded involved people who were at the time of the incident standing in buses , but it is not always clear from the recorded data whether the passengers were standing due to the vehicle 's seating [ability] being fully utilised or were on their feet moving towards a seat or the bus exit .

We have made significant progress in our asset rationalisation programme and as a result are strengthening the balance sheet and creating capacity to invest in a very exciting range of exploration and development opportunities which will add materially to cashflow and improve profitability .
we have made significant progress in our asset rationalisation programme and as a result are strengthening the balance sheet and creating [ability] to invest in a very exciting range of exploration and development opportunities which will add materially to cashflow and improve profitability .

3 Demand management of all resources , ensuring the best use of scarce resources , moderating our demands on them and reducing consumption where necessary , in accordance with sustainable supply and capacity .
3 demand management of all resources , ensuring the best use of scarce resources , moderating our demands on them and reducing consumption where necessary , in accordance with sustainable supply and [ability] .

9 Introducing policies in all sectors which work to prevent at source pollution and environmental damage , minimise the generation of wastes ; avoid over-stretching the capacity of the environment to act as a ‘ sink ’ for wastes , and eliminate processes and products likely to present long-term environmental problems .
9 introducing policies in all sectors which work to prevent at source pollution and environmental damage , minimise the generation of wastes ; avoid over-stretching the [ability] of the environment to act as a ‘ sink ’ for wastes , and eliminate processes and products likely to present long-term environmental problems .

He therefore lacked those breeds ' capacity to ‘ set the problem in terms of historical perspective or first principles ’ .
he therefore lacked those breeds ' [ability] to ‘ set the problem in terms of historical perspective or first principles ’ .

Williams continued to gather public support throughout 1954 , ( also the year that Learie Constantine returned after 30 years in England ) , and it seems that he was now consolidating his position in preparation for a decisive political move , but while he was still involved with the Caribbean Commission in an apolitical capacity , this move would be put on hold .
williams continued to gather public support throughout 1954 , ( also the year that learie constantine returned after 30 years in england ) , and it seems that he was now consolidating his position in preparation for a decisive political move , but while he was still involved with the caribbean commission in an apolitical [ability] , this move would be put on hold .

How the Welsh Office takes account of environmental factors such as ‘ carrying capacity ’ , consequent natural resource and infrastructure requirements , and Government environmental and planning policies ( White Paper , PPGs , MPGs etc . )
how the welsh office takes account of environmental factors such as ‘ carrying [ability] ’ , consequent natural resource and infrastructure requirements , and government environmental and planning policies ( white paper , ppgs , mpgs etc . )

This would then help MPAs and the Regional Aggregates Working Parties better assess the true environmental carrying capacity of their areas .
this would then help mpas and the regional aggregates working parties better assess the true environmental carrying [ability] of their areas .

This would then help MPAs and the Regional Aggregates Working Parties better assess the true environmental carrying capacity of their areas .
this would then help mpas and the regional aggregates working parties better assess the true environmental carrying [ability] of their areas .

Whilst we recognise that planning guidance should not be too prescriptive in terms of retail floorspace limits , we think that local planning authorities should set guidance limits which reflect some estimate of the environmental capacity of the plan area .
whilst we recognise that planning guidance should not be too prescriptive in terms of retail floorspace limits , we think that local planning authorities should set guidance limits which reflect some estimate of the environmental [ability] of the plan area .

‘ Education is critical for promoting sustainable development and improving the capacity of the people to address environment and development issues … It is critical for achieving environmental and ethical awareness , values and attitudes , skills and behaviour consistent with sustainable development and for effective public participation in decision-making .
‘ education is critical for promoting sustainable development and improving the [ability] of the people to address environment and development issues … it is critical for achieving environmental and ethical awareness , values and attitudes , skills and behaviour consistent with sustainable development and for effective public participation in decision-making .

Demand management of all resources , ensuring the best use of scarce resources , moderating our demands on them and reducing consumption where necessary , in accordance with sustainable supply and capacity .
demand management of all resources , ensuring the best use of scarce resources , moderating our demands on them and reducing consumption where necessary , in accordance with sustainable supply and [ability] .

Introducing policies in all sectors which work to prevent at source pollution and environmental damage , minimise the generation of wastes ; avoid over-stretching the capacity of the environment to act as a ‘ sink ’ for wastes , and eliminate processes and products likely to present long-term environmental problems .
introducing policies in all sectors which work to prevent at source pollution and environmental damage , minimise the generation of wastes ; avoid over-stretching the [ability] of the environment to act as a ‘ sink ’ for wastes , and eliminate processes and products likely to present long-term environmental problems .

‘ British Energy Policy and the Market for Coal ’ , drawn up by an all-party House of Commons select committee on trade and industry , includes a recommendation to the House of Commons that in determining a licensing policy for gas-fired generating capacity , priority should be given to the construction of power stations which use sour gas as the main fuel .
‘ british energy policy and the market for coal ’ , drawn up by an all-party house of commons select committee on trade and industry , includes a recommendation to the house of commons that in determining a licensing policy for gas-fired generating [ability] , priority should be given to the construction of power stations which use sour gas as the main fuel .

‘ We have a clear groupwide strategy to establish a sound financial business with the capacity for future investment in the many exploration and development opportunities we have around the world .
‘ we have a clear groupwide strategy to establish a sound financial business with the [ability] for future investment in the many exploration and development opportunities we have around the world .

Italy 's state-owned electricity industry is currently negotiating a plan to build a new 13,000 megawatts of capacity in the Soviet Union .
italy 's state-owned electricity industry is currently negotiating a plan to build a new 13,000 megawatts of [ability] in the soviet union .

to develop insights into situations which pose moral and social questions , and capacity to respond to these situations in a balanced and understanding way ;
to develop insights into situations which pose moral and social questions , and [ability] to respond to these situations in a balanced and understanding way ;

The computers mark a considerable increase in the calculation capacity available to researchers in the field .
the computers mark a considerable increase in the calculation [ability] available to researchers in the field .

Three countries — Bulgaria , Czechoslovakia and Hungary — have 17 Soviet-built reactors between them , which form the key component of their energy generation capacity .
three countries — bulgaria , czechoslovakia and hungary — have 17 soviet-built reactors between them , which form the key component of their energy generation [ability] .

It is clear from current projections that demand for additional space within the University for both Arts and Sciences will considerably exceed the capacity of the University 's present buildings and the available development sites on which the University might build .
it is clear from current projections that demand for additional space within the university for both arts and sciences will considerably exceed the [ability] of the university 's present buildings and the available development sites on which the university might build .

The fifth anniversary of the accident at Chernobyl nuclear power station , in the Soviet Ukraine , was marked by continuing controversy over its causes and the safety of the remaining Soviet nuclear capacity .
the fifth anniversary of the accident at chernobyl nuclear power station , in the soviet ukraine , was marked by continuing controversy over its causes and the safety of the remaining soviet nuclear [ability] .

The combined capacity of the maltings is 210,000 tonnes , making United Distillers the second largest maltster in the United Kingdom ( after Pauls Malt ) .
the combined [ability] of the maltings is 210,000 tonnes , making united distillers the second largest maltster in the united kingdom ( after pauls malt ) .

Malt Whisky : There are 27 distilleries producing almost a third of the total industry capacity .
malt whisky : there are 27 distilleries producing almost a third of the total industry [ability] .

Its `` tough scenario `` , required to reach the 35 per cent target , would include the following measures : the insulation of houses to a standard that would reduce heating requirements by 85 per cent and air conditioning by 45 per cent ; the introduction of energy-efficient lighting for commercial buildings , to cut consumption by 60 per cent ; a requirement that new car engines be designed to achieve an average of 58 miles per gallon ; a reduction in coal-fired power stations , with compensatory increases in natural gas and nuclear generating capacity ; and the planting of large areas of forest , which would act as a `` sink `` for excess carbon dioxide .
its `` tough scenario `` , required to reach the 35 per cent target , would include the following measures : the insulation of houses to a standard that would reduce heating requirements by 85 per cent and air conditioning by 45 per cent ; the introduction of energy-efficient lighting for commercial buildings , to cut consumption by 60 per cent ; a requirement that new car engines be designed to achieve an average of 58 miles per gallon ; a reduction in coal-fired power stations , with compensatory increases in natural gas and nuclear generating [ability] ; and the planting of large areas of forest , which would act as a `` sink `` for excess carbon dioxide .

The government announced plans last October to build a further 30 reactors in the next 20 years , which would bring nuclear power 's share of the country 's electricity generating capacity to 17 per cent .
the government announced plans last october to build a further 30 reactors in the next 20 years , which would bring nuclear power 's share of the country 's electricity generating [ability] to 17 per cent .

According to Soviet Minister for Atomic Energy , Vitaly Konovalov , the Soviet government is planning a dramatic increase in nuclear capacity and the sale of uranium on world markets .
according to soviet minister for atomic energy , vitaly konovalov , the soviet government is planning a dramatic increase in nuclear [ability] and the sale of uranium on world markets .

Quoted in an interview in Pravda , Konovalov said that his ministry was set to triple output by 2000 , adding an extra 19,600 megawatts of capacity over the next ten years .
quoted in an interview in pravda , konovalov said that his ministry was set to triple output by 2000 , adding an extra 19,600 megawatts of [ability] over the next ten years .

The Austrian government had offered to make alternative energy supplies available to compensate for the loss of the plant 's capacity .
the austrian government had offered to make alternative energy supplies available to compensate for the loss of the plant 's [ability] .

The Commission acts in an advisory capacity to the government .
the commission acts in an advisory [ability] to the government .

Power companies are under an obligation to install at least 100 megawatts of wind power capacity by the end of the year under contract to the government .
power companies are under an obligation to install at least 100 megawatts of wind power [ability] by the end of the year under contract to the government .

Designed to carry 11 turbines , each with a capacity of 450 kilowatts , the farm will produce electricity costing around 0.63 Danish krone ( 5.8 pence ) per kilowatt hour , generating 12 million kilowatt-hours a year .
designed to carry 11 turbines , each with a [ability] of 450 kilowatts , the farm will produce electricity costing around 0.63 danish krone ( 5.8 pence ) per kilowatt hour , generating 12 million kilowatt-hours a year .

Practical measures include a ban on CFCs by the year 2000 , a reduction in air pollution and an increase in recycling capacity .
practical measures include a ban on cfcs by the year 2000 , a reduction in air pollution and an increase in recycling [ability] .

Dealings by a connected exempt market-maker in a market-making capacity will not normally be considered within the acting in concert presumptions , but dealings in any other capacity will be ( see para 7.7 below ) .
dealings by a connected exempt market-maker in a market-making [ability] will not normally be considered within the acting in concert presumptions , but dealings in any other [ability] will be ( see para 7.7 below ) .

( e ) a financial or other professional adviser ( including a stockbroker ) with its client in respect of the shareholdings of the adviser and persons controlling , controlled by or under the same control as the adviser ( except in the capacity of an exempt market-maker ( see para 7.7 below ) ) ; and
( e ) a financial or other professional adviser ( including a stockbroker ) with its client in respect of the shareholdings of the adviser and persons controlling , controlled by or under the same control as the adviser ( except in the [ability] of an exempt market-maker ( see para 7.7 below ) ) ; and

Article 5 ( 1 ) contains further definitions as follows : `` a group of connected individuals `` , in relation to the party disposing of shares in the company , means persons each of whom is , or is a close relative of , a director or manager of the company and , in relation to the party acquiring the shares , means persons each of whom is , or is a close relative of , a person who is to be a director or manager of the company ; `` close relation `` means a person 's spouse , his children ( including , in Northern Ireland , his adopted children ) and step-children , his parents and step-parents , his brothers and sisters , and his step-brothers and step-sisters and includes a person acting in the capacity of trustee or personal representative of any such relative ; and `` single individual `` includes two or more persons acting in their capacity as the personal representatives of a single individual .
article 5 ( 1 ) contains further definitions as follows : `` a group of connected individuals `` , in relation to the party disposing of shares in the company , means persons each of whom is , or is a close relative of , a director or manager of the company and , in relation to the party acquiring the shares , means persons each of whom is , or is a close relative of , a person who is to be a director or manager of the company ; `` close relation `` means a person 's spouse , his children ( including , in northern ireland , his adopted children ) and step-children , his parents and step-parents , his brothers and sisters , and his step-brothers and step-sisters and includes a person acting in the [ability] of trustee or personal representative of any such relative ; and `` single individual `` includes two or more persons acting in their [ability] as the personal representatives of a single individual .

The decision to accept ordinary shares may therefore often depend on an assessment of the economic situation , the company 's gearing level , its capacity for growth and its ability to service its debt .
the decision to accept ordinary shares may therefore often depend on an assessment of the economic situation , the company 's gearing level , its [ability] for growth and its ability to service its debt .

2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the Architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature capacity or standard of construction of the Premises as provided for in the Building Documents or substantially prejudice the use of the Premises for the purpose specified in the Lease It may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .
2.4.2 as may be [ reasonably ] required by the architect provided that no modification shall be made pursuant to this clause 2.4.2 which would substantially alter the design layout nature [ability] or standard of construction of the premises as provided for in the building documents or substantially prejudice the use of the premises for the purpose specified in the lease it may be preferable to substitute the word `` materially `` for the word `` substantially `` in clause 2.4.2 as the latter suggests that some alteration less than substantial may be permitted but which could result in not inconsequential prejudice occurring to the design or use of the premises .

Golding 's technique in such passages is almost a reversal of the procedure which marks such a great step in the development of Lok 's reasoning capacity .
golding 's technique in such passages is almost a reversal of the procedure which marks such a great step in the development of lok 's reasoning [ability] .

With the acquisition of like as a tool , the peoples ' capacity for thinking is enhanced .
with the acquisition of like as a tool , the peoples ' [ability] for thinking is enhanced .

( 4 ) It is necessary to disclose the capacity in which the seller sells .
( 4 ) it is necessary to disclose the [ability] in which the seller sells .

Remember that whenever either a conveyance , lease or transfer defines the land by reference to a plan attached to the document , the plan must be signed ( sealed and attested by director and secretary in the case of a company ) by all parties — except that the conveyancer for buyers can sign on their behalf if they state the capacity in which they sign it : `` solicitor for the transferee . ``
remember that whenever either a conveyance , lease or transfer defines the land by reference to a plan attached to the document , the plan must be signed ( sealed and attested by director and secretary in the case of a company ) by all parties — except that the conveyancer for buyers can sign on their behalf if they state the [ability] in which they sign it : `` solicitor for the transferee . ``

The Court of Appeal was satisfied that the following matters were among those to which attention should be paid : 1 The nature of the employment Employment in a capacity where `` confidential `` material is habitually handled may impose a high obligation of confidentiality because the employee can be expected to realise its sensitive nature to a greater extent than if he were employed in a capacity where such material reaches him only occasionally or incidentally .
the court of appeal was satisfied that the following matters were among those to which attention should be paid : 1 the nature of the employment employment in a [ability] where `` confidential `` material is habitually handled may impose a high obligation of confidentiality because the employee can be expected to realise its sensitive nature to a greater extent than if he were employed in a [ability] where such material reaches him only occasionally or incidentally .

Essentially , the issue here concerns the capacity in which the transferee is holding the goods ( see Chapter 12 ) .
essentially , the issue here concerns the [ability] in which the transferee is holding the goods ( see chapter 12 ) .

Where goods are not durable , the mischief lies not in the fact that they ceased to perform adequately but rather that , at the date of supply , they did not have the capacity to endure .
where goods are not durable , the mischief lies not in the fact that they ceased to perform adequately but rather that , at the date of supply , they did not have the [ability] to endure .

The likelihood of such conflicts occurring was increased following market developments and reforms in the structure of the financial markets in the 1980s , in particular the abolition of single capacity in the trading of stocks and shares , and the development of financial conglomerates offering a wide range of services .
the likelihood of such conflicts occurring was increased following market developments and reforms in the structure of the financial markets in the 1980s , in particular the abolition of single [ability] in the trading of stocks and shares , and the development of financial conglomerates offering a wide range of services .

If a person is clearly described as a `` broker/dealer `` in the context of a widespread practice of dual capacity in the market it may be difficult to show that the `` substance `` of the relationship is that he is an agent .
if a person is clearly described as a `` broker/dealer `` in the context of a widespread practice of dual [ability] in the market it may be difficult to show that the `` substance `` of the relationship is that he is an agent .

It may also comprehend information obtained in a different capacity prior to the commencement of the relationship .
it may also comprehend information obtained in a different [ability] prior to the commencement of the relationship .

This was because it was acting in a public capacity .
this was because it was acting in a public [ability] .

Lord Diplock said : `` What it does in that capacity is governed by public law ; and although the legal consequences of doing it may result in creating rights enforceable in private law , those rights are not necessarily the same as those that would flow in private law from doing a similar act otherwise than in the exercise of statutory powers . ``
lord diplock said : `` what it does in that [ability] is governed by public law ; and although the legal consequences of doing it may result in creating rights enforceable in private law , those rights are not necessarily the same as those that would flow in private law from doing a similar act otherwise than in the exercise of statutory powers . ``

The court must consider appointing as guardian anyone who has previously acted in this capacity for the child but is not obliged to re-appoint .
the court must consider appointing as guardian anyone who has previously acted in this [ability] for the child but is not obliged to re-appoint .

Note that the Official Solicitor will not act in any capacity in the magistrates ' court .
note that the official solicitor will not act in any [ability] in the magistrates ' court .

Lawyers are not particularly well trained to ascertain a child 's capacity to understand and this may pose problems .
lawyers are not particularly well trained to ascertain a child 's [ability] to understand and this may pose problems .

Age is relevant but by no means conclusive evidence of capacity .
age is relevant but by no means conclusive evidence of [ability] .

While many older children will be able to understand the proceedings and give coherent instructions , others may not because their capacity to understand is hampered by permanent or temporary disability .
while many older children will be able to understand the proceedings and give coherent instructions , others may not because their [ability] to understand is hampered by permanent or temporary disability .

Where a child 's capacity to understand fluctuates his overall competence must be suspect .
where a child 's [ability] to understand fluctuates his overall competence must be suspect .

If the child has the capacity to understand what is in the documents this must be explained to him .
if the child has the [ability] to understand what is in the documents this must be explained to him .

If the child has the capacity to make an informed decision , the solicitor should not divulge the information without his consent unless he knows or suspects that younger children are being abused or the child is in fear of his life or serious injury .
if the child has the [ability] to make an informed decision , the solicitor should not divulge the information without his consent unless he knows or suspects that younger children are being abused or the child is in fear of his life or serious injury .

Certainly a child over the age of 16 may give valid consent to medical treatment ( Family Law Reform Act 1969 , s8 ) and may be presumed to have the capacity to withhold consent to treatment and examination unless mentally incapacitated in some way .
certainly a child over the age of 16 may give valid consent to medical treatment ( family law reform act 1969 , s8 ) and may be presumed to have the [ability] to withhold consent to treatment and examination unless mentally incapacitated in some way .

In practice the court will usually want to hear the guardian ad litem 's views on the child 's capacity to understand before making a direction .
in practice the court will usually want to hear the guardian ad litem 's views on the child 's [ability] to understand before making a direction .

In deciding in which areas you will actively seek to expand your personal injury practice , you need to be aware of three things ; your capacity to offer a service , the local market for personal injury services and the competition to offer those services .
in deciding in which areas you will actively seek to expand your personal injury practice , you need to be aware of three things ; your [ability] to offer a service , the local market for personal injury services and the competition to offer those services .

Each lawyer needs a workload that is within their capacity .
each lawyer needs a workload that is within their [ability] .

Capacity relates both to the number and the type of case involved .
[ability] relates both to the number and the type of case involved .

At any given time the monitoring of caseloads is likely to show that some lawyers have capacity while others are overloaded .
at any given time the monitoring of caseloads is likely to show that some lawyers have [ability] while others are overloaded .

Please could you let us know if you consider that this injury may affect our client 's working capacity and , if so , for how long .
please could you let us know if you consider that this injury may affect our client 's working [ability] and , if so , for how long .

Where the sting is not a matter of general knowledge , its defamatory capacity is judged by its impact upon ordinary readers who have such knowledge — if the plaintiff can first prove that such persons were amongst the actual readership .
where the sting is not a matter of general knowledge , its defamatory [ability] is judged by its impact upon ordinary readers who have such knowledge — if the plaintiff can first prove that such persons were amongst the actual readership .

Their luminal surfaces possess microvilli which increase the absorptive capacity of the cells .
their luminal surfaces possess microvilli which increase the absorptive [ability] of the cells .

As a consequence of reduced blood-clotting capacity , slowly developing painless swellings may appear in dependent areas such as the lower abdomen and intermandibular space , and on the limbs where bruising has occurred .
as a consequence of reduced blood-clotting [ability] , slowly developing painless swellings may appear in dependent areas such as the lower abdomen and intermandibular space , and on the limbs where bruising has occurred .

The chief problem in control is the great survival capacity of the eggs , but in housed pigs , strict hygiene in feeding and bedding , with frequent hosing of walls and floors , will limit the risk of infection .
the chief problem in control is the great survival [ability] of the eggs , but in housed pigs , strict hygiene in feeding and bedding , with frequent hosing of walls and floors , will limit the risk of infection .

The conventionalist system lacks the capacity to reach anything like the flexibility of pragmatism , because any relaxation would inevitably involve the defeat of publicly encouraged expectation .
the conventionalist system lacks the [ability] to reach anything like the flexibility of pragmatism , because any relaxation would inevitably involve the defeat of publicly encouraged expectation .

We allow officials acting in their official capacity no such area at all .
we allow officials acting in their official [ability] no such area at all .

Database creation is the process of matching the capacity , features and potential of the hardware and software to the needs of those who will be using the system and the information it contains .
database creation is the process of matching the [ability] , features and potential of the hardware and software to the needs of those who will be using the system and the information it contains .

The ability to assimilate information into concepts and to be aware of one 's own learning process and capacity for transferring skills and information is seen to be an integral part of the information skills work done within the Modern Studies curriculum and indeed , all information skills work within the school in connection with information retrieval through the library systems .
the ability to assimilate information into concepts and to be aware of one 's own learning process and [ability] for transferring skills and information is seen to be an integral part of the information skills work done within the modern studies curriculum and indeed , all information skills work within the school in connection with information retrieval through the library systems .

The differences in technology also mean that teletext is slower , has a smaller capacity and is less interactive than Prestel .
the differences in technology also mean that teletext is slower , has a smaller [ability] and is less interactive than prestel .

It should also state what memory capacity is required and , with database management programs .
it should also state what memory [ability] is required and , with database management programs .

Subject : Capacity
subject : [ability]

Production capacity for the factory is 500 Safranes per day .
production [ability] for the factory is 500 safranes per day .

With a total capacity of 2,975cc , the all-alloy , fuel-injected power unit produces a healthy 170 bhp at 5,500 rpm and peak torque of 173 lb-ft at 4,500 rpm .
with a total [ability] of 2,975cc , the all-alloy , fuel-injected power unit produces a healthy 170 bhp at 5,500 rpm and peak torque of 173 lb-ft at 4,500 rpm .

The eventual aim is for Firhill to have a capacity sixteen thousand seats .
the eventual aim is for firhill to have a [ability] sixteen thousand seats .

The £35 million , 156 trailer capacity Norbank is due to enter service in November , when her sister ship , Norbay , will be launched from the same yard , entering service next spring .
the £35 million , 156 trailer [ability] norbank is due to enter service in november , when her sister ship , norbay , will be launched from the same yard , entering service next spring .

‘ The question to be considered in every case is whether the land in its existing state , taking into account operations and uses for which planning permission … is not required , is ‘ incapable of reasonably beneficial use ’ … In considering what capacity for use the land has , relevant factors are the physical state of the land , its size , shape and surroundings , and the general patterns of land-uses in the area ; a use of relatively low value may be regarded as reasonably beneficial if such a use is common for similar land in the vicinity .
‘ the question to be considered in every case is whether the land in its existing state , taking into account operations and uses for which planning permission … is not required , is ‘ incapable of reasonably beneficial use ’ … in considering what [ability] for use the land has , relevant factors are the physical state of the land , its size , shape and surroundings , and the general patterns of land-uses in the area ; a use of relatively low value may be regarded as reasonably beneficial if such a use is common for similar land in the vicinity .

This concluded that ‘ not only is there sufficient land for building another 250,000 dwellings [ in the study area ] over the next five years , but already capacity has been identified for building an additional 117,000 dwellings after five years ’ .
this concluded that ‘ not only is there sufficient land for building another 250,000 dwellings [ in the study area ] over the next five years , but already [ability] has been identified for building an additional 117,000 dwellings after five years ’ .

‘ the encouraging fact is that in most areas there is capacity to allow both for the protection of the countryside and to build the number of houses we need .
‘ the encouraging fact is that in most areas there is [ability] to allow both for the protection of the countryside and to build the number of houses we need .

Bowlby 's formulations , known as ‘ attachment theory ’ , suggest a strong causal relationship between the person 's early experiences with his parents and his later capacity to make affectionate bonds .
bowlby 's formulations , known as ‘ attachment theory ’ , suggest a strong causal relationship between the person 's early experiences with his parents and his later [ability] to make affectionate bonds .

Quinton and Rutter ( 1983 ) have suggested that school experiences may be critical sources of selfesteem for children lacking supportive home lives , and that this in turn enhances their capacity to plan their lives .
quinton and rutter ( 1983 ) have suggested that school experiences may be critical sources of selfesteem for children lacking supportive home lives , and that this in turn enhances their [ability] to plan their lives .

Being trapped by such circumstances may well increase the individual 's likelihood of suffering a psychiatric disorder , because , by definition , they would become unable or restricted in capacity to deal with the developing difficulties .
being trapped by such circumstances may well increase the individual 's likelihood of suffering a psychiatric disorder , because , by definition , they would become unable or restricted in [ability] to deal with the developing difficulties .

One important feature of such factors is that they will tend to shape the person 's capacity to cope with adverse circumstances .
one important feature of such factors is that they will tend to shape the person 's [ability] to cope with adverse circumstances .

Past experience of losses of the same nature as a current loss was found to reduce the person 's capacity to deal with the current loss .
past experience of losses of the same nature as a current loss was found to reduce the person 's [ability] to deal with the current loss .

The Minister of State at the Scottish Office on British Steel 's intended programme of capacity cuts in Scotland :
the minister of state at the scottish office on british steel 's intended programme of [ability] cuts in scotland :

the team ( hmm i guess without too many familiar names for you guys&girls ? ) would sure as hell be hard to beat for — any — team — the mix at midfield should be quite good , flo 's air dominance , bohinens skills , halles fighting spirits and ingebrigtsens running capacity — this should all blend somehow . ya' all know how i rate frank — so the weak spot must clearly be fjortoft …
the team ( hmm i guess without too many familiar names for you guys&girls ? ) would sure as hell be hard to beat for — any — team — the mix at midfield should be quite good , flo 's air dominance , bohinens skills , halles fighting spirits and ingebrigtsens running [ability] — this should all blend somehow . ya' all know how i rate frank — so the weak spot must clearly be fjortoft …

solicitors ought to be discouraged from giving undertakings which it was not within their capacity to fulfil — particularly those which effectively took the form financial guarantees ;
solicitors ought to be discouraged from giving undertakings which it was not within their [ability] to fulfil — particularly those which effectively took the form financial guarantees ;

This increases the ‘ best in class ’ boot capacity of 9.3 cubic feet to a massive 37 cubic feet .
this increases the ‘ best in class ’ boot [ability] of 9.3 cubic feet to a massive 37 cubic feet .

The specialized frugivore is typically a larger bird than the unspecialized one and may have a very wide gape , but also the capacity to strip the seed and regurgitate the ballast rather rapidly , while the fruit itself must be available all the year round .
the specialized frugivore is typically a larger bird than the unspecialized one and may have a very wide gape , but also the [ability] to strip the seed and regurgitate the ballast rather rapidly , while the fruit itself must be available all the year round .

This would seem to be linked with the capacity to provide egg-laying sites all the year round for the obligate fig-wasp pollinators , as well as to the year-round provision of food for the specialized dispersal agents such as howler monkeys and bats , which may travel long distances , in the case of Artibeus jamaicensis in Mexico up to 10km , to feed on figs .
this would seem to be linked with the [ability] to provide egg-laying sites all the year round for the obligate fig-wasp pollinators , as well as to the year-round provision of food for the specialized dispersal agents such as howler monkeys and bats , which may travel long distances , in the case of artibeus jamaicensis in mexico up to 10km , to feed on figs .

At Cocha Cashu , 12 species provided 80 % of the animal biomass with food and it is argued that the carrying capacity of the forest is governed by the abundance of these species , the most important of them being figs .
at cocha cashu , 12 species provided 80 % of the animal biomass with food and it is argued that the carrying [ability] of the forest is governed by the abundance of these species , the most important of them being figs .

Primate societies are remarkable among relatively long-lived and large-brained animal groups in that they have the capacity to store and retrieve much independently acquired information about their environment .
primate societies are remarkable among relatively long-lived and large-brained animal groups in that they have the [ability] to store and retrieve much independently acquired information about their environment .

The capacity to use young leaves with a high protein content may have permitted the emergence of large primates in the first place , but primates capable of remembering the sites and fruiting and leafing patterns of a wide variety of plants , could move more directly to such food , when and where available , more efficiently than those searching randomly .
the [ability] to use young leaves with a high protein content may have permitted the emergence of large primates in the first place , but primates capable of remembering the sites and fruiting and leafing patterns of a wide variety of plants , could move more directly to such food , when and where available , more efficiently than those searching randomly .

Forest people are generally small and hence have a low maximal work capacity .
forest people are generally small and hence have a low maximal work [ability] .

The Department of Transport on airports policy ; being a response to the consultative document Runway Capacity to Serve the South East ;
the department of transport on airports policy ; being a response to the consultative document runway [ability] to serve the south east ;

David Chester chose that moment to demonstrate his lung capacity , and the confidences were abruptly ended .
david chester chose that moment to demonstrate his lung [ability] , and the confidences were abruptly ended .

They plunged over the very edge of the human capacity to feel .
they plunged over the very edge of the human [ability] to feel .

In that moment , she almost broke down and told him she loved him desperately , for she could see , finally , that all her pretences in Thailand of his capacity for emotion had been just that : pretences .
in that moment , she almost broke down and told him she loved him desperately , for she could see , finally , that all her pretences in thailand of his [ability] for emotion had been just that : pretences .

The taxi took them off to a small restaurant , and with everywhere seeming crowded to full capacity Fabia guessed , when they were straight away shown to a table , that Ven must have had the forethought to book in advance .
the taxi took them off to a small restaurant , and with everywhere seeming crowded to full [ability] fabia guessed , when they were straight away shown to a table , that ven must have had the forethought to book in advance .

It was like nothing she had ever experienced before — she had always been aware she had the capacity for passion , but it was an element of her own make-up she had kept sternly suppressed , her mind refusing to give in to the demands of a young , healthy body .
it was like nothing she had ever experienced before — she had always been aware she had the [ability] for passion , but it was an element of her own make-up she had kept sternly suppressed , her mind refusing to give in to the demands of a young , healthy body .

’ she asked , in her ‘ go-between ’ capacity .
’ she asked , in her ‘ go-between ’ [ability] .

Rather volcanoes can be said to have a morphological capacity representing the maximum size attainable by a particular type of eruption and associated ejecta .
rather volcanoes can be said to have a morphological [ability] representing the maximum size attainable by a particular type of eruption and associated ejecta .

This notion of morphological capacity is evident in Table 5.3 and Figure 5.9 in which the main types of volcanic landforms are classified and illustrated .
this notion of morphological [ability] is evident in table 5.3 and figure 5.9 in which the main types of volcanic landforms are classified and illustrated .

Although arbitrary , this size limit can be related to the idea of morphological capacity since craters below this size are normally a constructional component of strato-volcanoes , whereas those above are nearly always formed by subsidence and collapse following catastrophic eruptions .
although arbitrary , this size limit can be related to the idea of morphological [ability] since craters below this size are normally a constructional component of strato-volcanoes , whereas those above are nearly always formed by subsidence and collapse following catastrophic eruptions .

Each type of clay mineral has a different propensity for the exchange of cations which can be measured by its cation exchange capacity ( c.e.c . )
each type of clay mineral has a different propensity for the exchange of cations which can be measured by its cation exchange [ability] ( c.e.c . )

Sudden changes in funding may also result in the withdrawal of systems , the sudden deletion of information by creation date alone to create space , or uncontrolled over-retention as the result of expenditure on new memory capacity .
sudden changes in funding may also result in the withdrawal of systems , the sudden deletion of information by creation date alone to create space , or uncontrolled over-retention as the result of expenditure on new memory [ability] .

For the first time since the Industrial Revolution , the capacity of the new capitalist economy to give employment caught up with its capacity to multiply production ( see chapter 12 below ) .
for the first time since the industrial revolution , the [ability] of the new capitalist economy to give employment caught up with its [ability] to multiply production ( see chapter 12 below ) .

, as in their unusual capacity to generate agricultural surpluses for the market .
, as in their unusual [ability] to generate agricultural surpluses for the market .

a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge ( ‘ Be good sweet maid and let who will be clever ’ , as Charles Kingsley put it ) . This was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the capacity of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :
a task for which , curiously , she was required to show , or to possess , neither intelligence nor knowledge ( ‘ be good sweet maid and let who will be clever ’ , as charles kingsley put it ) . this was not merely because the new function of the bourgeois wife , to show off the [ability] of the bourgeois husband to keep her in leisure and luxury , conflicted with the old functions of actually running a household , but also because her inferiority to the man must be demonstrable :

The careers of the bourgeois world were indeed open to talent , but the family with a modest amount of education , property and social connections among others of the middle rank undoubtedly started with a relatively enormous advantage ; not least the capacity to intermarry with others of the same social status , in the same line of business or with resources which could be combined with their own .
the careers of the bourgeois world were indeed open to talent , but the family with a modest amount of education , property and social connections among others of the middle rank undoubtedly started with a relatively enormous advantage ; not least the [ability] to intermarry with others of the same social status , in the same line of business or with resources which could be combined with their own .

To belong to it a man had to be ‘ someone ’ , a person who counted as an individual , because of his wealth , his capacity to command other men , or otherwise to influence them .
to belong to it a man had to be ‘ someone ’ , a person who counted as an individual , because of his wealth , his [ability] to command other men , or otherwise to influence them .

As Ken told John Lahr , author of the official Orton biography Prick Up Your Ears ( Lahr also edited the Orton diaries ) : ‘ He ( Orton ) had this capacity to have a sexual adventure and tell you the conversation that went on as well .
as ken told john lahr , author of the official orton biography prick up your ears ( lahr also edited the orton diaries ) : ‘ he ( orton ) had this [ability] to have a sexual adventure and tell you the conversation that went on as well .

Not a capacity to see beyond your own time .
not a [ability] to see beyond your own time .

However , Patinkin pointed out that , during a Keynesian recession , underutilized capacity is typically observed side by side with unemployed labour : capacity utilization will fall and unemployment will rise as aggregate demand falls .
however , patinkin pointed out that , during a keynesian recession , underutilized [ability] is typically observed side by side with unemployed labour : [ability] utilization will fall and unemployment will rise as aggregate demand falls .

The dependence of the size of the capital stock on the degree of capacity utilization and hence on the level of aggregate demand .
the dependence of the size of the capital stock on the degree of [ability] utilization and hence on the level of aggregate demand .

In such circumstances , one or more persons may be appointed to sue or be sued in a representative capacity as having a common interest with all other persons ( Ord 5 , r 5 ( 1 ) ) .
in such circumstances , one or more persons may be appointed to sue or be sued in a representative [ability] as having a common interest with all other persons ( ord 5 , r 5 ( 1 ) ) .

Where the person applying for a Certificate of Judgment is not a party , he must state in writing with particulars the purpose for which he requires the Certificate of Judgment and the capacity in which he applies and must satisfy the district judge that the application may properly be granted .
where the person applying for a certificate of judgment is not a party , he must state in writing with particulars the purpose for which he requires the certificate of judgment and the [ability] in which he applies and must satisfy the district judge that the application may properly be granted .

At times the question may arise as to the precise capacity in which a solicitor is in practice overseas , more especially where he or she has qualifications in two or more jurisdictions .
at times the question may arise as to the precise [ability] in which a solicitor is in practice overseas , more especially where he or she has qualifications in two or more jurisdictions .

Where a qualification is also held in a foreign jurisdiction it will be a question of fact as to the capacity in which the practice is carried on .
where a qualification is also held in a foreign jurisdiction it will be a question of fact as to the [ability] in which the practice is carried on .

The financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see Chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( Clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his capacity as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .
the financial strain on the firm can be eased by : ( 1 ) effecting sufficient insurance cover ( see chapter 5 ) ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of suitable provisions ( clause 20 ) in the partnership deed clearly setting out the procedures to be adopted for the continuing partners to have the option to purchase the deceased 's share from his estate on an appropriate time scale or providing for an automatic accruer to the surviving partners ; ( 3 ) the inclusion of provisions in the deceased 's will enlarging the discretion of the personal representatives as to the time for realisation of assets in the estate and generally as to arrangements which may be concluded with the continuing partners ; and ( 4 ) where ( which is not unusual ) one of the personal representatives is a continuing partner , the inclusion in the will of specific authority for that partner in his [ability] as personal representative and trustee to conclude agreements with the firm .

It should be remembered that the personal representatives of a deceased partner do not in their official capacity have the right to participate in the business of the firm .
it should be remembered that the personal representatives of a deceased partner do not in their official [ability] have the right to participate in the business of the firm .

The partnership agreement sought to restrain outgoing partners over a period of five years from acting as a solicitor , notary , trade mark or patent agent or in any similar capacity in the Colony of Hong Kong whether as principal , clerk or assistant for any person , firm or company who was at the time of his ceasing to be a partner or had during the period of three years prior thereto been a client of the partnership … The agreement would not however have prevented their being employed as a solicitor etc by the colonial government or local companies .
the partnership agreement sought to restrain outgoing partners over a period of five years from acting as a solicitor , notary , trade mark or patent agent or in any similar [ability] in the colony of hong kong whether as principal , clerk or assistant for any person , firm or company who was at the time of his ceasing to be a partner or had during the period of three years prior thereto been a client of the partnership … the agreement would not however have prevented their being employed as a solicitor etc by the colonial government or local companies .

So the capacity to make a thorough survey of the subject is inhibited by one of its most important characteristics .
so the [ability] to make a thorough survey of the subject is inhibited by one of its most important characteristics .

The decision on the existence of a dispute in Leigh therefore led the court into error over the capacity of a partnership to act as arbitrators .
the decision on the existence of a dispute in leigh therefore led the court into error over the [ability] of a partnership to act as arbitrators .

Generally speaking a shareholding director can vote in his own interests without regard to those of the company ; he is acting in the capacity of shareholder and not as director .
generally speaking a shareholding director can vote in his own interests without regard to those of the company ; he is acting in the [ability] of shareholder and not as director .

Capacity in which shares are acquired
[ability] in which shares are acquired

The Public Power Corporation of Greece is already demanding compensation of £15.8 million for loss of generating capacity from recently completed hydroelectric power stations downstream on the Acheloos as a result of reduced water flow .
the public power corporation of greece is already demanding compensation of £15.8 million for loss of generating [ability] from recently completed hydroelectric power stations downstream on the acheloos as a result of reduced water flow .

The Russian government has approved a plan to build 30 new nuclear power stations by the year 2010 , thereby doubling the country 's nuclear-energy capacity .
the russian government has approved a plan to build 30 new nuclear power stations by the year 2010 , thereby doubling the country 's nuclear-energy [ability] .

Environmentalists also point out that there is no need to expand Russia 's overall energy-generating capacity because there is great scope for conservation measures .
environmentalists also point out that there is no need to expand russia 's overall energy-generating [ability] because there is great scope for conservation measures .

But if the help is always delayed , we have the capacity to provide the necessary level of safety for our nuclear stations ourselves `` , noted Erik Pozdyshev , head of Rosatomenergo , the Russian nuclear-power company .
but if the help is always delayed , we have the [ability] to provide the necessary level of safety for our nuclear stations ourselves `` , noted erik pozdyshev , head of rosatomenergo , the russian nuclear-power company .

Overall costs of the project are estimated at between £150 million and £400 million , depending on the pipeline 's capacity .
overall costs of the project are estimated at between £150 million and £400 million , depending on the pipeline 's [ability] .

In particular , abstraction of water is likely to affect the generating capacity of the Lake Kariba dam downstream .
in particular , abstraction of water is likely to affect the generating [ability] of the lake kariba dam downstream .

But the British Nuclear Forum warns that thousands of Russians would die of hypothermia if the country 's nuclear capacity , which provides 15 per cent of total electricity needs , were to belost .
but the british nuclear forum warns that thousands of russians would die of hypothermia if the country 's nuclear [ability] , which provides 15 per cent of total electricity needs , were to belost .

According to the report , the government is set to increase power-station capacity in England and Wales by 39 percent and demand by 50 per cent by 1997 .
according to the report , the government is set to increase power-station [ability] in england and wales by 39 percent and demand by 50 per cent by 1997 .

According to reports by the Institute of Renewable Natural Resources and other non-governmental organizations , the annual deforestation rate has reached 80,000 hectares , threatening economic disaster , with rivers losing their depth and the sedimentation capacity of the Panama Canal severely reduced .
according to reports by the institute of renewable natural resources and other non-governmental organizations , the annual deforestation rate has reached 80,000 hectares , threatening economic disaster , with rivers losing their depth and the sedimentation [ability] of the panama canal severely reduced .

It will have a capacity of 30 megawatts and will serve as a research and development centre .
it will have a [ability] of 30 megawatts and will serve as a research and development centre .

An analysis of data collected over the past 50 years by national forestry ministries shows , however , that there has been a sharp decline in the volume of boreal wood `` and hence the capacity to absorb carbon dioxide `` since the 1960s , as a result of more intensive logging and increased dieback because of the effects of acid rain , pests and fires .
an analysis of data collected over the past 50 years by national forestry ministries shows , however , that there has been a sharp decline in the volume of boreal wood `` and hence the [ability] to absorb carbon dioxide `` since the 1960s , as a result of more intensive logging and increased dieback because of the effects of acid rain , pests and fires .

The project has now been cancelled , despite continuing support from local politicians , due both to lack of funds and studies which showed that it would operate at only 25 per cent of capacity in winter , when electricity demand is highest .
the project has now been cancelled , despite continuing support from local politicians , due both to lack of funds and studies which showed that it would operate at only 25 per cent of [ability] in winter , when electricity demand is highest .

The strategy is focused around nine general aims : , Respect and care for the community of life , Improve the quality of human life , Conserve the earth 's vitality and diversity , Minimize the depletion of non-renewable resources , Keep within the Earth 's carrying capacity , Change personal attitudes and practises , Enable communities to care for their own environments , Provide a national framework for integrating development and conservation , Create a global alliance .
the strategy is focused around nine general aims : , respect and care for the community of life , improve the quality of human life , conserve the earth 's vitality and diversity , minimize the depletion of non-renewable resources , keep within the earth 's carrying [ability] , change personal attitudes and practises , enable communities to care for their own environments , provide a national framework for integrating development and conservation , create a global alliance .

Private schools tend to stress scholastic skills and concentrate on developing the capacity to pass examinations and on building self-confidence .
private schools tend to stress scholastic skills and concentrate on developing the [ability] to pass examinations and on building self-confidence .

As long as the political system has been able to maintain the capacity to meet the demands and expectations of citizens , an allegiant orientation has been demonstrated by citizens .
as long as the political system has been able to maintain the [ability] to meet the demands and expectations of citizens , an allegiant orientation has been demonstrated by citizens .

Such producers were encouraged to reduce capacity and maintain prices .
such producers were encouraged to reduce [ability] and maintain prices .

Especially in the 1950s and 1960s , the capacity of the party in government to enact a party program was compared with the brokered politics of the American system .
especially in the 1950s and 1960s , the [ability] of the party in government to enact a party program was compared with the brokered politics of the american system .

The thesis of government overload is that as the responsibilities of government have increased , its capacity to meet them has decreased : the combination of these two features has resulted in an overloading of government .
the thesis of government overload is that as the responsibilities of government have increased , its [ability] to meet them has decreased : the combination of these two features has resulted in an overloading of government .

Later we were joined in an organising committee by a number of other people who , although acting in a personal capacity , had through their paid employment or voluntary work direct experience of the issues which were to form the core of the conference .
later we were joined in an organising committee by a number of other people who , although acting in a personal [ability] , had through their paid employment or voluntary work direct experience of the issues which were to form the core of the conference .

The purpose of the workshop was to examine the 1989 Fair Employment Act and assess its capacity to counter the structural nature of discrimination in West Belfast .
the purpose of the workshop was to examine the 1989 fair employment act and assess its [ability] to counter the structural nature of discrimination in west belfast .

Pack the rillettes lightly into a glazed earthenware or stoneware jar of about ¾ pint capacity ( or into two or three smaller jars ) .
pack the rillettes lightly into a glazed earthenware or stoneware jar of about ¾ pint [ability] ( or into two or three smaller jars ) .

The dish or pot should be filled to capacity without being so crammed that the fish comes higher than the rim of the pot .
the dish or pot should be filled to [ability] without being so crammed that the fish comes higher than the rim of the pot .

When the cream is ready , spoon it into glasses , which should be of very small capacity ( 2 to 2 ½ oz . )
when the cream is ready , spoon it into glasses , which should be of very small [ability] ( 2 to 2 ½ oz . )

capacity .
[ability] .

For a small pudding , enough for four people , you need 1 lb. of home-made white bread at least two or three days old ; 2 lb. of ripe mulberries ; about 6 oz. of white sugar ; a Pyrex soufflé mould of 20-oz. capacity .
for a small pudding , enough for four people , you need 1 lb. of home-made white bread at least two or three days old ; 2 lb. of ripe mulberries ; about 6 oz. of white sugar ; a pyrex soufflé mould of 20-oz. [ability] .

Alas , where here is our celebrated capacity for understatement ?
alas , where here is our celebrated [ability] for understatement ?

The only modification needed to make them operate efficiently in air is some means of keeping their surface clean and smooth , so the amphibians developed the capacity to blink and a membrane that they can draw across the front of the eyeball .
the only modification needed to make them operate efficiently in air is some means of keeping their surface clean and smooth , so the amphibians developed the [ability] to blink and a membrane that they can draw across the front of the eyeball .

If these can not be readily appreciated by children — as is often the case with young children who are typically limited to understanding tasks which make immediate sense — then children will produce inappropriate responses and apparently lack the mental capacity in question .
if these can not be readily appreciated by children — as is often the case with young children who are typically limited to understanding tasks which make immediate sense — then children will produce inappropriate responses and apparently lack the mental [ability] in question .

Consequently , if young children really do lack the ability to handle explanations , their capacity to benefit from the early years of schooling will be severely restricted .
consequently , if young children really do lack the ability to handle explanations , their [ability] to benefit from the early years of schooling will be severely restricted .

This chapter will focus on the capacity of children to use language as a vehicle for communication once they reach school age .
this chapter will focus on the [ability] of children to use language as a vehicle for communication once they reach school age .

If children were egocentric , the capacity to sustain an effective dialogue would be impossible , for this requires the ability to switch speaker and listener roles constantly , to monitor the effects of one 's messages , and to modify them according to feedback received from the listener .
if children were egocentric , the [ability] to sustain an effective dialogue would be impossible , for this requires the ability to switch speaker and listener roles constantly , to monitor the effects of one 's messages , and to modify them according to feedback received from the listener .

It was recognized that accurate message construction presupposed the capacity to identify the critical features of an item-that is , those features that uniquely identified the target .
it was recognized that accurate message construction presupposed the [ability] to identify the critical features of an item-that is , those features that uniquely identified the target .

But the poetry which emerged front that experience is hard and clear , and it is as if his capacity for suffering existed with an immense ability to use and to order it .
but the poetry which emerged front that experience is hard and clear , and it is as if his [ability] for suffering existed with an immense ability to use and to order it .

Today the routes are much the same but we are switching to satellites , fibre cables and electronic gadgets which combine mouse-like size with mammoth capacity .
today the routes are much the same but we are switching to satellites , fibre cables and electronic gadgets which combine mouse-like size with mammoth [ability] .

Another common characteristic of global communications is the tendency towards excess capacity .
another common characteristic of global communications is the tendency towards excess [ability] .

Smaller producers complain that the big players deliberately over-expand capacity in order to cause a ‘ shake-out ’ of the competition .
smaller producers complain that the big players deliberately over-expand [ability] in order to cause a ‘ shake-out ’ of the competition .

The response is that in a rapidly growing market ( say 30 per cent growth per annum ) the only way to increase market share is to go for massive expansion of capacity ( say 50 per cent per annum ) .
the response is that in a rapidly growing market ( say 30 per cent growth per annum ) the only way to increase market share is to go for massive expansion of [ability] ( say 50 per cent per annum ) .

Some focus on a particular joint-venture subsidiary company ; some involve the sharing of research and development ; some are an alliance of production capacity with marketing strength ; some involve putting a foreign product under a domestic label ; some alliances are intended to promote a new standard or form of compatibility ( and to defeat a rival standard ) .
some focus on a particular joint-venture subsidiary company ; some involve the sharing of research and development ; some are an alliance of production [ability] with marketing strength ; some involve putting a foreign product under a domestic label ; some alliances are intended to promote a new standard or form of compatibility ( and to defeat a rival standard ) .

And Baldwin in 1943 , isolated and unpopular , might well have been tempted , as the tone of his note indeed suggests , to exaggerate his erstwhile capacity for independent decision .
and baldwin in 1943 , isolated and unpopular , might well have been tempted , as the tone of his note indeed suggests , to exaggerate his erstwhile [ability] for independent decision .

With a still greater capacity for self-deception , he assured the House that Austen Chamberlain never had an unkind thought about any man .
with a still greater [ability] for self-deception , he assured the house that austen chamberlain never had an unkind thought about any man .

Capacity : 25,000
[ability] : 25,000

Capacity : 80,000
[ability] : 80,000

Capacity : 15,000
[ability] : 15,000

Capacity : 10,000
[ability] : 10,000

Capacity : 3,000
[ability] : 3,000

To the masses which the French Revolution had made politically aware and on which the Industrial Revolution was imposing new and appalling burdens while increasing exponentially the capacity to create wealth , Owen 's new view was of a society which had realised their aspirations .
to the masses which the french revolution had made politically aware and on which the industrial revolution was imposing new and appalling burdens while increasing exponentially the [ability] to create wealth , owen 's new view was of a society which had realised their aspirations .

So , in their capacity as workers in those factories they were not Co-operators at all , though they may very well have been members of consumers , co-operative societies owning an interest in those factories .
so , in their [ability] as workers in those factories they were not co-operators at all , though they may very well have been members of consumers , co-operative societies owning an interest in those factories .

It is too much work : or , more precisely , too much time spent by too many people on work of a kind which contributes insufficiently to their fulfilment and which may tend to diminish their capacity for fulfilling themselves , too much soul-destroying toil or boredom .
it is too much work : or , more precisely , too much time spent by too many people on work of a kind which contributes insufficiently to their fulfilment and which may tend to diminish their [ability] for fulfilling themselves , too much soul-destroying toil or boredom .

If , as Marxism postulates , the final catastrophe of Capitalism is to be triggered by a crisis of under-utilisation of capacity and of over-supply of goods , then the General Theory provides the remedy : a positive investment policy by the State and deficit financing in certain circumstances .
if , as marxism postulates , the final catastrophe of capitalism is to be triggered by a crisis of under-utilisation of [ability] and of over-supply of goods , then the general theory provides the remedy : a positive investment policy by the state and deficit financing in certain circumstances .

There is no escaping the fact that a trade union will , in pursuit of its purposes as they are commonly understood , have its own corporate policies ; and that the authority of members of a trade union appointed in that capacity to boards of directors of joint stock companies will derive from the trade union .
there is no escaping the fact that a trade union will , in pursuit of its purposes as they are commonly understood , have its own corporate policies ; and that the authority of members of a trade union appointed in that [ability] to boards of directors of joint stock companies will derive from the trade union .

Secondly , scientific and technological advances allowing exploitation and exploration of areas not previously susceptible to such activities , and the corresponding increased capacity to exhaust the world 's resources or to monopolise a market , mean that even those States that lack the resources to take advantage themselves are still directly concerned in the activities of others .
secondly , scientific and technological advances allowing exploitation and exploration of areas not previously susceptible to such activities , and the corresponding increased [ability] to exhaust the world 's resources or to monopolise a market , mean that even those states that lack the resources to take advantage themselves are still directly concerned in the activities of others .

International law can not be defined solely in terms of bilateral or multilateral relations between subjects which possess legal capacity .
international law can not be defined solely in terms of bilateral or multilateral relations between subjects which possess legal [ability] .

It seems that a similar test might be applicable to international legal incapacity ; where a prior treaty is well-known and public , a third party can be expected to be aware of any limitations upon the capacity of a treaty member to enter into a treaty with itself .
it seems that a similar test might be applicable to international legal incapacity ; where a prior treaty is well-known and public , a third party can be expected to be aware of any limitations upon the [ability] of a treaty member to enter into a treaty with itself .

The Court 's reasoning was based on personality , capacity , and functionalism , not the treaty law principle of res inter alios acta .
the court 's reasoning was based on personality , [ability] , and functionalism , not the treaty law principle of res inter alios acta .

The Court acknowledged that the Registry could not make a decision binding upon it in its judicial capacity .
the court acknowledged that the registry could not make a decision binding upon it in its judicial [ability] .

The delegates do not act in their personal capacity but carry out the policies and instructions of their government , as shown by the provision that an alternate delegate can be empowered to act and vote on behalf of a delegate who is absent .
the delegates do not act in their personal [ability] but carry out the policies and instructions of their government , as shown by the provision that an alternate delegate can be empowered to act and vote on behalf of a delegate who is absent .

But her great quality was a capacity for being genuinely impervious to inattention .
but her great quality was a [ability] for being genuinely impervious to inattention .

The Kity 639 planer thicknesser has a 400mm ( 15¾in ) width capacity and a maximum capacity of 230mm ( 9in ) through the thicknesser .
the kity 639 planer thicknesser has a 400mm ( 15¾in ) width [ability] and a maximum [ability] of 230mm ( 9in ) through the thicknesser .

This larger capacity machine is aimed at professional workshops ; though if you frequently use wide boards the extra capacity will be handy .
this larger [ability] machine is aimed at professional workshops ; though if you frequently use wide boards the extra [ability] will be handy .

wide but the maximum depends on the capacity of the saw and the angles .
wide but the maximum depends on the [ability] of the saw and the angles .

He told the delegates : ‘ All of you know that at present the poison and vital capacity of the imperialist viper are concentrated in the colonies rather than in the metropolitan countries .
he told the delegates : ‘ all of you know that at present the poison and vital [ability] of the imperialist viper are concentrated in the colonies rather than in the metropolitan countries .

Perhaps their part is best summarised by remarking that if the brain is damaged at this region not only sexual capacity may be reduced but libido ( sexual urge ) may be reduced or may even be completely lost ; in the opposite direction , artificial stimulation by means of electrodes implanted in these parts of the brain can reproduce the sensations of orgasm and its phenomena — ejaculation etc .
perhaps their part is best summarised by remarking that if the brain is damaged at this region not only sexual [ability] may be reduced but libido ( sexual urge ) may be reduced or may even be completely lost ; in the opposite direction , artificial stimulation by means of electrodes implanted in these parts of the brain can reproduce the sensations of orgasm and its phenomena — ejaculation etc .

The disabled child — particularly one who is severely disabled , either physically or mentally — may labour under a distorted upbringing which adversely affects the development of relationship capacity ; he or she is likely to have less opportunity for peer relationships and the process of sexual and quasi-sexual learning which takes place between children ; there will be much less opportunity in later life for sexual partnership or marriage ; and so on .
the disabled child — particularly one who is severely disabled , either physically or mentally — may labour under a distorted upbringing which adversely affects the development of relationship [ability] ; he or she is likely to have less opportunity for peer relationships and the process of sexual and quasi-sexual learning which takes place between children ; there will be much less opportunity in later life for sexual partnership or marriage ; and so on .

The woman or — more especially — the man who has a deep-seated doubt as to capacity to satisfy a partner in intercourse will more often than not fail to do so .
the woman or — more especially — the man who has a deep-seated doubt as to [ability] to satisfy a partner in intercourse will more often than not fail to do so .

Occasionally a married man , particularly if his sexual capacity is for some reason declining , may find pornography more attractive than the `` real thing `` .
occasionally a married man , particularly if his sexual [ability] is for some reason declining , may find pornography more attractive than the `` real thing `` .

The individual in residential care has the same needs , similar sexual urge and ( as a rule ) capacity , and may be subject to almost any of the problems which can afflict people in general .
the individual in residential care has the same needs , similar sexual urge and ( as a rule ) [ability] , and may be subject to almost any of the problems which can afflict people in general .

Suppose the worker finds the young boy has reached the stage of potency but has lost the capacity to ejaculate ?
suppose the worker finds the young boy has reached the stage of potency but has lost the [ability] to ejaculate ?

When working to capacity , it employed upwards of two dozen craftsmen , artisans and apprentices .
when working to [ability] , it employed upwards of two dozen craftsmen , artisans and apprentices .

As to tenet ( iii ) , Lodge cites the case of Hardy , who has figured in criticism as `` a great novelist `` in spite of `` gross defects `` , including the `` capacity to write badly `` .
as to tenet ( iii ) , lodge cites the case of hardy , who has figured in criticism as `` a great novelist `` in spite of `` gross defects `` , including the `` [ability] to write badly `` .

The analogy holds in so far as stylistic competence , like linguistic competence , is a capacity which we possess and exercise unconsciously and intuitively : only with special training can it be turned into explicit knowledge .
the analogy holds in so far as stylistic competence , like linguistic competence , is a [ability] which we possess and exercise unconsciously and intuitively : only with special training can it be turned into explicit knowledge .

What was overlooked in our discussion of stylistic competence is that our intuitive `` placing `` of a text depends not on an undifferentiated capacity to compare a text with the norm of the language , but rather on a responsiveness to a set of norms : a norm for spoken conversation , a norm for news reporting , a norm for writing diaries , a norm for historical novels , etc .
what was overlooked in our discussion of stylistic competence is that our intuitive `` placing `` of a text depends not on an undifferentiated [ability] to compare a text with the norm of the language , but rather on a responsiveness to a set of norms : a norm for spoken conversation , a norm for news reporting , a norm for writing diaries , a norm for historical novels , etc .

This focuses attention squarely and inescapably upon a person acting in the capacity and with the necessary professional background of a qualified teacher .
this focuses attention squarely and inescapably upon a person acting in the [ability] and with the necessary professional background of a qualified teacher .

Physical training can undoubtedly produce significant enhancement of exercise capacity which can be of particular benefit to patients with angina but can also help those with mild or moderate heart failure .
physical training can undoubtedly produce significant enhancement of exercise [ability] which can be of particular benefit to patients with angina but can also help those with mild or moderate heart failure .

An exercise programme is a useful addition for the majority and for certain patients can produce a significant improvement in their physical capacity .
an exercise programme is a useful addition for the majority and for certain patients can produce a significant improvement in their physical [ability] .

Hamsten in a prospective trial of 109 patients under the age of 45 years who suffered a first myocardial infarction found a reduced plasminogen activator capacity and increased levels of plasminogen activator inhibitors in those patients suffering reinfarction .
hamsten in a prospective trial of 109 patients under the age of 45 years who suffered a first myocardial infarction found a reduced plasminogen activator [ability] and increased levels of plasminogen activator inhibitors in those patients suffering reinfarction .

One may be less sanguine about the average voter 's capacity to rank candidates , whether of one preferred party or more than one , according to their relative merit and aptitude .
one may be less sanguine about the average voter 's [ability] to rank candidates , whether of one preferred party or more than one , according to their relative merit and aptitude .

At the National Union rally at Leeds the week after Law 's election , a local delegate called John Gordon remarked that Law was `` a man of enormous business capacity ( Hear , hear ) `` , and suggested that there should be more such men in parliament .
at the national union rally at leeds the week after law 's election , a local delegate called john gordon remarked that law was `` a man of enormous business [ability] ( hear , hear ) `` , and suggested that there should be more such men in parliament .

He bad a good platform manner and a great capacity for work but he was an inveterate intriguer .
he bad a good platform manner and a great [ability] for work but he was an inveterate intriguer .

Central Office was able to keep going at full capacity through 1915 and 1916 , but here again there was a falling off in 1917 .
central office was able to keep going at full [ability] through 1915 and 1916 , but here again there was a falling off in 1917 .

In March he explained that he had acted in a personal capacity only and that Chamberlain had suggested that their correspondence be published .
in march he explained that he had acted in a personal [ability] only and that chamberlain had suggested that their correspondence be published .

He was touchingly devoted to the beautiful Nildro-hain ; and he evidently had moods of gaiety and a great capacity for enjoyment .
he was touchingly devoted to the beautiful nildro-hain ; and he evidently had moods of gaiety and a great [ability] for enjoyment .

Despite disclaimers which recommended submission to great works , the professional study of English came to transcend even the literary masterpieces themselves by virtue of its capacity to offer a complete and final assessment and achieve the kind of complete historical understanding unavailable to the historical actors themselves .
despite disclaimers which recommended submission to great works , the professional study of english came to transcend even the literary masterpieces themselves by virtue of its [ability] to offer a complete and final assessment and achieve the kind of complete historical understanding unavailable to the historical actors themselves .

However , contributors to the Review were largely unwilling to go so far as to attempt to specify the nature of artistic quality in general , despite the fact that their own capacity to decide which texts were of sufficient interest in themselves to justify study depended upon recognizing such quality .
however , contributors to the review were largely unwilling to go so far as to attempt to specify the nature of artistic quality in general , despite the fact that their own [ability] to decide which texts were of sufficient interest in themselves to justify study depended upon recognizing such quality .

Vivian de Sola Pinto sums up the qualities required of this kind of professional scholar as a capacity for `` exact scholarship `` , an extensive `` knowledge `` of language and literature , and — if possible — `` the most perfect taste and tact `` .
vivian de sola pinto sums up the qualities required of this kind of professional scholar as a [ability] for `` exact scholarship `` , an extensive `` knowledge `` of language and literature , and — if possible — `` the most perfect taste and tact `` .

Of course , one of the grounds upon which the Scrutiny group claimed superiority to the English establishment was their capacity to provide a discourse which could link `` discrimination `` to a `` literary sociology `` through a close analysis of the language of literary , and other , texts .
of course , one of the grounds upon which the scrutiny group claimed superiority to the english establishment was their [ability] to provide a discourse which could link `` discrimination `` to a `` literary sociology `` through a close analysis of the language of literary , and other , texts .

Within the Review , which was the scholarly organ of this establishment , the capacity to make value discriminations was assumed to arise from the `` taste and tact `` associated with gentlemanly breeding , fortified by `` zeal , devotion and learning `` rather than `` critical ingenuity `` , In contrast to this , the voice of Scrutiny represented a new petit-bourgeois presence within professional English studies whose source of cultural authority derived , not from gentlemanly taste and tact , but from the pulse of their own sensibility ; from their `` intelligent `` and `` discriminating `` capacity to `` enforce `` their value judgements .
within the review , which was the scholarly organ of this establishment , the [ability] to make value discriminations was assumed to arise from the `` taste and tact `` associated with gentlemanly breeding , fortified by `` zeal , devotion and learning `` rather than `` critical ingenuity `` , in contrast to this , the voice of scrutiny represented a new petit-bourgeois presence within professional english studies whose source of cultural authority derived , not from gentlemanly taste and tact , but from the pulse of their own sensibility ; from their `` intelligent `` and `` discriminating `` [ability] to `` enforce `` their value judgements .

Leavis does not question or problematize the existence of the materials of the literary tradition , and the moral force to be associated with the study of English resides , not in the `` personalities `` of great authors , but in the capacity of an intellectual and professional elite to `` respond `` , that is , to recreate in themselves that evaluative response to cultural change seen as inscribed within the literary tradition .
leavis does not question or problematize the existence of the materials of the literary tradition , and the moral force to be associated with the study of english resides , not in the `` personalities `` of great authors , but in the [ability] of an intellectual and professional elite to `` respond `` , that is , to recreate in themselves that evaluative response to cultural change seen as inscribed within the literary tradition .

For example , Vivian de Sola Pinto ( a regular contributor to the Review during the 19305 ) had come to consider that in the post-war world liberally-educated persons , whether schoolmasters , civil servants , or business administrators should have the capacity to contribute to the revitalization of a `` soulless bureaucracy `` , and that the main object of English studies should therefore be `` the provision of a truly liberal education `` for such `` non-specialists `` .
for example , vivian de sola pinto ( a regular contributor to the review during the 19305 ) had come to consider that in the post-war world liberally-educated persons , whether schoolmasters , civil servants , or business administrators should have the [ability] to contribute to the revitalization of a `` soulless bureaucracy `` , and that the main object of english studies should therefore be `` the provision of a truly liberal education `` for such `` non-specialists `` .

The emphasis on culture `` effectively distanced the study of English from wider social and political matters in the name of inculcating a general evaluative capacity or co-ordinated intelligence . ``
the emphasis on culture `` effectively distanced the study of english from wider social and political matters in the name of inculcating a general evaluative [ability] or co-ordinated intelligence . ``

However , on the whole , English teachers at this time were content to defend their discipline on the grounds of its singular capacity to provide those " human " values upon which the idea of a liberal education depended , and to present science and technology as merely an aspect of that mechanical world against which the " battle of culture " needed to be pitched .
however , on the whole , english teachers at this time were content to defend their discipline on the grounds of its singular [ability] to provide those " human " values upon which the idea of a liberal education depended , and to present science and technology as merely an aspect of that mechanical world against which the " battle of culture " needed to be pitched .

What is required of the student is the capacity to identify with English : `` Unless an undergraduate can identify himself in some sense with the subject he is studying , he is either reading the wrong School , or has no business to be at university at all .
what is required of the student is the [ability] to identify with english : `` unless an undergraduate can identify himself in some sense with the subject he is studying , he is either reading the wrong school , or has no business to be at university at all .

The reason given for the unique capacity of English to offer a truly democratic education is the peculiar nature of the poetic process :
the reason given for the unique [ability] of english to offer a truly democratic education is the peculiar nature of the poetic process :

From this perspective , the capacity to appreciate literary texts had become the measure of the achievement of `` qualitative `` as opposed to `` functional `` literacy .
from this perspective , the [ability] to appreciate literary texts had become the measure of the achievement of `` qualitative `` as opposed to `` functional `` literacy .

While `` functional literacy `` guarantees the capacity to engage in normal communication within one 's given `` culture or group `` , it does not guarantee the capacity to distinguish between good and bad in literature .
while `` functional literacy `` guarantees the [ability] to engage in normal communication within one 's given `` culture or group `` , it does not guarantee the [ability] to distinguish between good and bad in literature .

‘ Far from helping Third World governments to realise their development goals , excessive reliance on mass media had , in fact , generated consumerism and a new individualism which , in turn , had stimulated demand to a degree that was beyond the capacity of the economy to absorb , ’ writes Mr Jayaweera .
‘ far from helping third world governments to realise their development goals , excessive reliance on mass media had , in fact , generated consumerism and a new individualism which , in turn , had stimulated demand to a degree that was beyond the [ability] of the economy to absorb , ’ writes mr jayaweera .

Allows you to purchase one of three items — Seats ( initial ground capacity of 10,000 can be increased up to 40,000 ) , Security Cameras ( to avoid costly crowd violence ) , or a Coach And Youth Team ( allows players to join your squad from the youth team , also helps with training ) .
allows you to purchase one of three items — seats ( initial ground [ability] of 10,000 can be increased up to 40,000 ) , security cameras ( to avoid costly crowd violence ) , or a coach and youth team ( allows players to join your squad from the youth team , also helps with training ) .

The success of the fiftieth-anniversary appeal attests to the gallery 's singular capacity to attract donations which is , and will be shown throughout the 1990s , the principal method by which museums will obtain masterpieces .
the success of the fiftieth-anniversary appeal attests to the gallery 's singular [ability] to attract donations which is , and will be shown throughout the 1990s , the principal method by which museums will obtain masterpieces .

The vicarius of Britain was Martinus , serving in a temporary capacity , the officers under Magnentius doubtless having been quickly removed as collaborators .
the vicarius of britain was martinus , serving in a temporary [ability] , the officers under magnentius doubtless having been quickly removed as collaborators .

Two solicitors challenged this decision but the House of Lords held that since , in administering the scheme , the Society was acting in a public capacity in the interests of all solicitors and members of the public who employed them , the legality of its decision was to be judged according to principles of public law , not private law ; and so judged , what the Society had done was a proper use of its statutory powers .
two solicitors challenged this decision but the house of lords held that since , in administering the scheme , the society was acting in a public [ability] in the interests of all solicitors and members of the public who employed them , the legality of its decision was to be judged according to principles of public law , not private law ; and so judged , what the society had done was a proper use of its statutory powers .

The traditional rule is that prerogative orders of prohibition and mandamus are not available against the Crown or any servant of the Crown acting in his or her capacity as such .
the traditional rule is that prerogative orders of prohibition and mandamus are not available against the crown or any servant of the crown acting in his or her [ability] as such .

In this case it was held that when a lease is made with a Minister in his or her capacity as such , it is made with the Crown ; and that a building is occupied by the Crown even if it is occupied by civil servants from a department other than that of the Minister named as lessee in the lease .
in this case it was held that when a lease is made with a minister in his or her [ability] as such , it is made with the crown ; and that a building is occupied by the crown even if it is occupied by civil servants from a department other than that of the minister named as lessee in the lease .

Political constraint is one of the problems that undermine the capacity of the mass media to appropriately and effectively fulfill their function of building democratic societies and protecting and defending human rights in Africa . Therefore , we call for :
political constraint is one of the problems that undermine the [ability] of the mass media to appropriately and effectively fulfill their function of building democratic societies and protecting and defending human rights in africa . therefore , we call for :

But the sheer effort required to gather and analyse data systematically , let alone the lobbying activities to initiate change , often exceeds the capacity of the groups working on this issue .
but the sheer effort required to gather and analyse data systematically , let alone the lobbying activities to initiate change , often exceeds the [ability] of the groups working on this issue .

The ensuing doctrines of fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and capacity reflect in their details a particular view of the appropriate operation of the market .
the ensuing doctrines of fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and [ability] reflect in their details a particular view of the appropriate operation of the market .

Directors are treated as being in a position analogous to that of trustees , so powers conferred upon them are given to them in a fiduciary capacity .
directors are treated as being in a position analogous to that of trustees , so powers conferred upon them are given to them in a fiduciary [ability] .

The assessment of the bidder 's capacity to run the target company is , in other words , something which lies within the range of the directors ' expertise .
the assessment of the bidder 's [ability] to run the target company is , in other words , something which lies within the range of the directors ' expertise .

Will the reorganisation affect the museum 's capacity to present temporary exhibitions ?
will the reorganisation affect the museum 's [ability] to present temporary exhibitions ?

Post-war cultural relativism and egalitarianism has put in jeopardy France 's very capacity to produce such an aristocracy of the spirit .
post-war cultural relativism and egalitarianism has put in jeopardy france 's very [ability] to produce such an aristocracy of the spirit .

Individuals Capacity for Stress
individuals [ability] for stress

The point at which we receive these signals will of course depend upon the size and shape of our internal glasses , that is , it will depend upon our own physiological make-up — our individual capacity for stress .
the point at which we receive these signals will of course depend upon the size and shape of our internal glasses , that is , it will depend upon our own physiological make-up — our individual [ability] for stress .

Theoretically , Karla Fohrbeck could in her official capacity prevent any purchases she disapproved of , but such a veto would not only be in breach of artistic freedom but would also conflict with her idea of autonomy for the museums in her charge .
theoretically , karla fohrbeck could in her official [ability] prevent any purchases she disapproved of , but such a veto would not only be in breach of artistic freedom but would also conflict with her idea of autonomy for the museums in her charge .

For example , since women are the main socializers of children , they have an enormous capacity to affect patterns of personality and behaviour .
for example , since women are the main socializers of children , they have an enormous [ability] to affect patterns of personality and behaviour .

The incidence and patterning of illness among members of a family is interlocked with the emotional interior of the family : thus another logical corollary of women 's pivotal position in this unit is their capacity to affect not only health , but ill-health .
the incidence and patterning of illness among members of a family is interlocked with the emotional interior of the family : thus another logical corollary of women 's pivotal position in this unit is their [ability] to affect not only health , but ill-health .

Because she alone has the capacity to give birth to and nurse children , her primary function is seen as one of mother and homemaker … it is clear that working occupies a more important place in the lives of men than women .
because she alone has the [ability] to give birth to and nurse children , her primary function is seen as one of mother and homemaker … it is clear that working occupies a more important place in the lives of men than women .

This is an instance of the general finding that aspects of work activity have the capacity to satisfy or dissatisfy people only in relation to the personal value put upon them .
this is an instance of the general finding that aspects of work activity have the [ability] to satisfy or dissatisfy people only in relation to the personal value put upon them .

The majority of statements in every category of ‘ domestic ’ responses are in fact made by working-class women . Shirley Archer 's list of statements illustrates the working-class stress on domesticity : here it is contrasted with Elizabeth Gould 's more typically middle-class capacity to see herself in other terms :
the majority of statements in every category of ‘ domestic ’ responses are in fact made by working-class women . shirley archer 's list of statements illustrates the working-class stress on domesticity : here it is contrasted with elizabeth gould 's more typically middle-class [ability] to see herself in other terms :

and storage capacity has to be adequate to meet peak loads .
and storage [ability] has to be adequate to meet peak loads .

The capacity of these may be several days ' supply , and , with a more or less continuous inflow , the level changes little , and there is a substantial amount of clarification while standing .
the [ability] of these may be several days ' supply , and , with a more or less continuous inflow , the level changes little , and there is a substantial amount of clarification while standing .

This gives filtration in depth , the larger particles being taken out near the surface and the finer ones lower down resulting in greater filtration capacity .
this gives filtration in depth , the larger particles being taken out near the surface and the finer ones lower down resulting in greater filtration [ability] .

Methods of manufacturing such zeolites were found later , and these were made with a capacity for the interchange of cations greater than that of the natural materials .
methods of manufacturing such zeolites were found later , and these were made with a [ability] for the interchange of cations greater than that of the natural materials .

The capacity of the zeolite for softening depends upon its source and the conditions of regeneration .
the [ability] of the zeolite for softening depends upon its source and the conditions of regeneration .

This table shows the increase in capacity obtained with greater salt consumption , and economical running generally has to be a compromise between these two factors .
this table shows the increase in [ability] obtained with greater salt consumption , and economical running generally has to be a compromise between these two factors .

All animals appear to have some capacity to learn from experience .
all animals appear to have some [ability] to learn from experience .

But humans have a far higher capacity than lower-order animals .
but humans have a far higher [ability] than lower-order animals .

There appear to be few limits to the human capacity to learn .
there appear to be few limits to the human [ability] to learn .

But there is no such thing as limited brain capacity .
but there is no such thing as limited brain [ability] .

Entry is normally open to all who can demonstrate a capacity to keep up with the courses and to benefit from such study , regardless of age or background .
entry is normally open to all who can demonstrate a [ability] to keep up with the courses and to benefit from such study , regardless of age or background .

The capacity for intellectual and psychological growth through learning goes on throughout life .
the [ability] for intellectual and psychological growth through learning goes on throughout life .

The age barriers to college entry are now rapidly crumbling , giving place to a policy of open access — which means college admission to students of all ages who can demonstrate their capacity to benefit from study .
the age barriers to college entry are now rapidly crumbling , giving place to a policy of open access — which means college admission to students of all ages who can demonstrate their [ability] to benefit from study .

Although we may now know much more about the chemistry of the human brain , our capacity for thought has probably not changed much over the past five thousand years . ``
although we may now know much more about the chemistry of the human brain , our [ability] for thought has probably not changed much over the past five thousand years . ``

This is essentially a linguistic problem , whose solution probably depends as much upon the range of your vocabulary , and your response to the stimulus of words , rather than upon your capacity to reason formally through a set of data in order to arrive at a valid solution .
this is essentially a linguistic problem , whose solution probably depends as much upon the range of your vocabulary , and your response to the stimulus of words , rather than upon your [ability] to reason formally through a set of data in order to arrive at a valid solution .

Rather , they aim to provide all students with the opportunity to demonstrate their knowledge of their subjects , their analytical skills and their capacity to handle complex issues under time pressure .
rather , they aim to provide all students with the opportunity to demonstrate their knowledge of their subjects , their analytical skills and their [ability] to handle complex issues under time pressure .

Studies suggest that for improvements in aerobic capacity , you must raise your heart rate for at least 20 minutes per session .
studies suggest that for improvements in aerobic [ability] , you must raise your heart rate for at least 20 minutes per session .

Moreover , those acting for the politicians similarly have a capacity to play an active role .
moreover , those acting for the politicians similarly have a [ability] to play an active role .

The principle may also be extended to cover cases such as the peak load problem where , because plant is reaching its capacity , marginal costs rise very sharply once a given output has been reached .
the principle may also be extended to cover cases such as the peak load problem where , because plant is reaching its [ability] , marginal costs rise very sharply once a given output has been reached .

After the war the supercharged capacity was reduced to 1½ litres .
after the war the supercharged [ability] was reduced to 1½ litres .

However , in recent years the processing power and storage capacity of computers have increased dramatically , and many more textual resources are now available in electronic form . These developments have fostered a proliferation of corpus compilation projects , with some of the more recent ones having target sizes set at 100 million words , e.g. :
however , in recent years the processing power and storage [ability] of computers have increased dramatically , and many more textual resources are now available in electronic form . these developments have fostered a proliferation of corpus compilation projects , with some of the more recent ones having target sizes set at 100 million words , e.g. :

Increased processing power and memory capacity have greatly reduced the manual ’ word-crunching ’ that was previously involved in corpus analysis , rendering this a viable technique for the compilation of collocation dictionaries .
increased processing power and memory [ability] have greatly reduced the manual ’ word-crunching ’ that was previously involved in corpus analysis , rendering this a viable technique for the compilation of collocation dictionaries .

In his second capacity , as heir of Warwick 's public role , Gloucester took over the major royal offices which the earl had held in the north .
in his second [ability] , as heir of warwick 's public role , gloucester took over the major royal offices which the earl had held in the north .

The most important was Richard Mynours , who had been a gentleman usher of the prince 's chamber in the mid 1470s and entered Richard 's household in the same capacity .
the most important was richard mynours , who had been a gentleman usher of the prince 's chamber in the mid 1470s and entered richard 's household in the same [ability] .

Rather , many contemporaries were impressed by the growing capacity of some at least of the working class to practice self- and mutual-help and they sought ways of encouraging its further development .
rather , many contemporaries were impressed by the growing [ability] of some at least of the working class to practice self- and mutual-help and they sought ways of encouraging its further development .

Booth 's conclusion from his great survey was , reassuringly , that although poverty was severe it was diminishing , and the capacity for self and mutual help among the masses was improving .
booth 's conclusion from his great survey was , reassuringly , that although poverty was severe it was diminishing , and the [ability] for self and mutual help among the masses was improving .

He was deeply concerned about the need to improve social conditions ; but he concluded that the economy had the capacity for recovery and expansion to create more and better jobs and argued that government intervention was more likely to harm than to assist that process .
he was deeply concerned about the need to improve social conditions ; but he concluded that the economy had the [ability] for recovery and expansion to create more and better jobs and argued that government intervention was more likely to harm than to assist that process .

Infirmaries were popular improvements since in many towns few free or cheap alternatives existed and the capacity of medicine to cure a wider range of illnesses was increasing .
infirmaries were popular improvements since in many towns few free or cheap alternatives existed and the [ability] of medicine to cure a wider range of illnesses was increasing .

Whilst Bowley and others investigated urban poverty , Rowntree became increasingly concerned about rural conditions and the drift from the land which he and others believed both increased urban problems and diminished the nation 's capacity for self-support .
whilst bowley and others investigated urban poverty , rowntree became increasingly concerned about rural conditions and the drift from the land which he and others believed both increased urban problems and diminished the nation 's [ability] for self-support .

Unemployment was only one of a range of social problems for which the Poor Law 's capacity to provide was , at best , controversial .
unemployment was only one of a range of social problems for which the poor law 's [ability] to provide was , at best , controversial .

He believed that they had greater capacity to do so than previous generations and hence would be less in need of support from the state when they reached old-age — there was therefore no need to establish complex insurance machinery .
he believed that they had greater [ability] to do so than previous generations and hence would be less in need of support from the state when they reached old-age — there was therefore no need to establish complex insurance machinery .

In the Liberal tradition , Asquith preferred to think of state welfare as a temporary measure which would be rendered unnecessary by the increasing capacity of the population to practice self-help .
in the liberal tradition , asquith preferred to think of state welfare as a temporary measure which would be rendered unnecessary by the increasing [ability] of the population to practice self-help .

However , the effectiveness of the Trade Boards Act is uncertain since the capacity of the Board of Trade to inspect and supervise the large numbers of small workshops , still less the women out-workers , was extremely limited .
however , the effectiveness of the trade boards act is uncertain since the [ability] of the board of trade to inspect and supervise the large numbers of small workshops , still less the women out-workers , was extremely limited .

An estimate of royal revenue indicates not only the ability of the government to meet its commitments , but also its capacity to extract money from its subjects .
an estimate of royal revenue indicates not only the ability of the government to meet its commitments , but also its [ability] to extract money from its subjects .

All people at work are covered by the Order , whether they are employed by others , are in a managerial capacity , or work for themselves without employing others .
all people at work are covered by the order , whether they are employed by others , are in a managerial [ability] , or work for themselves without employing others .

‘ Moped ’ a motor cycle which does not exceed : Maximum design speed 30 mph , kerbside weight 250 kg , cylinder capacity ( if applicable ) 50 cc .
‘ moped ’ a motor cycle which does not exceed : maximum design speed 30 mph , kerbside weight 250 kg , cylinder [ability] ( if applicable ) 50 cc .

Chimpanzees have been reared in darkness for varying periods after birth in order to test their subsequent perceptual capacity .
chimpanzees have been reared in darkness for varying periods after birth in order to test their subsequent perceptual [ability] .

And if a woman ( or man for that matter ) devotes , say eight years to the care of two children , there remain at least thirty more years of outside earning capacity .
and if a woman ( or man for that matter ) devotes , say eight years to the care of two children , there remain at least thirty more years of outside earning [ability] .

When the capacity to purify and manufacture large amounts of this immunostimulatory substance was attained , research into the clinical applications of interleukin-2 began .
when the [ability] to purify and manufacture large amounts of this immunostimulatory substance was attained , research into the clinical applications of interleukin-2 began .

It served to stimulate further Japan 's belief that she was highly vulnerable in military terms and that her only course for survival as a strong and independent state must be the strengthening of her own military capacity .
it served to stimulate further japan 's belief that she was highly vulnerable in military terms and that her only course for survival as a strong and independent state must be the strengthening of her own military [ability] .

Much of this capital found its way directly into the non-agricultural sphere , funding administration , the provision of armed forces , the building of a national infrastructure and production capacity .
much of this capital found its way directly into the non-agricultural sphere , funding administration , the provision of armed forces , the building of a national infrastructure and production [ability] .

Thus , the preamble to the Company Act , 1988 , speaks of the purpose of the Act as being to create up-to-date legal forms , thereby assisting the income-earning capacity of the national economy , the development of a market-type production and distribution system , and the flow of capital ( including foreign capital ) in the economy .
thus , the preamble to the company act , 1988 , speaks of the purpose of the act as being to create up-to-date legal forms , thereby assisting the income-earning [ability] of the national economy , the development of a market-type production and distribution system , and the flow of capital ( including foreign capital ) in the economy .

All companies have the capacity to acquire rights and to enter into obligations , to own assets , to make contracts , to sue and be sued in their own name ; and there is no ultra vires rule .
all companies have the [ability] to acquire rights and to enter into obligations , to own assets , to make contracts , to sue and be sued in their own name ; and there is no ultra vires rule .

Calvin 's theology , no less than Luther 's , illustrates that same capacity within Christianity for self-criticism and renewal .
calvin 's theology , no less than luther 's , illustrates that same [ability] within christianity for self-criticism and renewal .

Against Protestant tendencies to emphasize the priesthood of all believers , Catholic scholars would reaffirm , as Bellarmine did , that many believers had neither the spiritual capacity nor the mental endowment to protect themselves from literature that might be damaging to faith and prospects for eternity .
against protestant tendencies to emphasize the priesthood of all believers , catholic scholars would reaffirm , as bellarmine did , that many believers had neither the spiritual [ability] nor the mental endowment to protect themselves from literature that might be damaging to faith and prospects for eternity .

When acting in a judicial capacity he is thrown back on his own resources , whereas in his ministerial capacity he is assisted by the staff of a major department of state .
when acting in a judicial [ability] he is thrown back on his own resources , whereas in his ministerial [ability] he is assisted by the staff of a major department of state .

Differences occurred as to means , but examination of the electoral manifestos throughout the 1960s and 1970s shows a reluctance to politicize issues which , given the intractable nature of crime and the limited efficacy of measures to counter it , would only have had the effect of exciting popular expectations beyond the capacity of any government to fulfil .
differences occurred as to means , but examination of the electoral manifestos throughout the 1960s and 1970s shows a reluctance to politicize issues which , given the intractable nature of crime and the limited efficacy of measures to counter it , would only have had the effect of exciting popular expectations beyond the [ability] of any government to fulfil .

There the higher number of offenders sentenced to imprisonment , augmented by a burgeoning population of unconvicted persons remanded in custody awaiting trial , regularly exceeded the capacity of the prison system to contain them in acceptable conditions .
there the higher number of offenders sentenced to imprisonment , augmented by a burgeoning population of unconvicted persons remanded in custody awaiting trial , regularly exceeded the [ability] of the prison system to contain them in acceptable conditions .

There is a widespread fallacy that hedgerows date from the period of the Enclosure Acts between 1760 and 1815 and many of our straight ‘ quickest ’ ( Hawthorn ) hedges , certainly date from the period when 5000 Acts enclosed some 7,000,000 acres . Hedgerows existed in Saxon times and by the time Domesday was commissioned in 1086 the boundaries of parishes were so firmly fixed that William 's Norman officials were able to calculate within close limits , the exact area of thousands of settlements and their capacity to contribute to the royal exchequer !
there is a widespread fallacy that hedgerows date from the period of the enclosure acts between 1760 and 1815 and many of our straight ‘ quickest ’ ( hawthorn ) hedges , certainly date from the period when 5000 acts enclosed some 7,000,000 acres . hedgerows existed in saxon times and by the time domesday was commissioned in 1086 the boundaries of parishes were so firmly fixed that william 's norman officials were able to calculate within close limits , the exact area of thousands of settlements and their [ability] to contribute to the royal exchequer !

Accelerating change in technology has enhanced the capacity of producers to supply the market with new products and services , and to produce old ones by new processes .
accelerating change in technology has enhanced the [ability] of producers to supply the market with new products and services , and to produce old ones by new processes .

Some were ‘ safe ’ , because , like Malaysia , they had not borrowed beyond their capacity to repay .
some were ‘ safe ’ , because , like malaysia , they had not borrowed beyond their [ability] to repay .

The capacity to produce internal wealth and to create exports to finance purchases of needed goods and services eases the pressures for social and political change .
the [ability] to produce internal wealth and to create exports to finance purchases of needed goods and services eases the pressures for social and political change .

By the 1980s , in the wake of the stagflation and slow growth in even the rich economies of the Western Europe , came an equally almost universal loss of faith in the capacity of any individual state to intervene decisively and effectively .
by the 1980s , in the wake of the stagflation and slow growth in even the rich economies of the western europe , came an equally almost universal loss of faith in the [ability] of any individual state to intervene decisively and effectively .

If during the last twenty years , the costs of automobiles had declined as fast as those for memory capacity in computers , today a Rolls-Royce would cost 50 cents ( van Tulder and Junne , 1988 ) .
if during the last twenty years , the costs of automobiles had declined as fast as those for memory [ability] in computers , today a rolls-royce would cost 50 cents ( van tulder and junne , 1988 ) .

These lines of reasoning emphasise the innovative capacity of firms and challenges static neo-classical economic explanations of national competitiveness . This is the force that Schumpeter ( 1942 : p. 84 ) describes as
these lines of reasoning emphasise the innovative [ability] of firms and challenges static neo-classical economic explanations of national competitiveness . this is the force that schumpeter ( 1942 : p. 84 ) describes as

Johnson ( 1975b ) picked up this theme : ‘ Innovative capacity should be viewed as a basic source of difference in comparative advantage , and technological change as a chronic disturber of existing patterns of comparative advantage ’ .
johnson ( 1975b ) picked up this theme : ‘ innovative [ability] should be viewed as a basic source of difference in comparative advantage , and technological change as a chronic disturber of existing patterns of comparative advantage ’ .

Yet Australian producers have not yet felt capable or willing to confront the historical legacy of capacity installed in the consuming markets .
yet australian producers have not yet felt capable or willing to confront the historical legacy of [ability] installed in the consuming markets .

Many of the component technologies matured rapidly and could be transferred abroad without making undue demands on the technical capacity of the local workforce .
many of the component technologies matured rapidly and could be transferred abroad without making undue demands on the technical [ability] of the local workforce .

Trade theory seems of little help , for the advances in recent years of understanding how trade might affect national welfare are offset by limits to the theories in their capacity to yield policy advice that can work in practice ( see , for example , Baldwin , 1988 ; Helpman and Krugman , 1989 ) .
trade theory seems of little help , for the advances in recent years of understanding how trade might affect national welfare are offset by limits to the theories in their [ability] to yield policy advice that can work in practice ( see , for example , baldwin , 1988 ; helpman and krugman , 1989 ) .

Producers desperately needed to find new outlets for the capacity they had installed in the boom times .
producers desperately needed to find new outlets for the [ability] they had installed in the boom times .

Reputable historians have estimated the total number of Soviet citizens who served the occupying German forces in some capacity between 1941 and 1945 approached one and a half million .
reputable historians have estimated the total number of soviet citizens who served the occupying german forces in some [ability] between 1941 and 1945 approached one and a half million .

This is an even more beguiling picture since the forecasted increase in demand will bring the existing plants up to capacity and necessitate the building of a new one , of course on much the same technological base as exists today .
this is an even more beguiling picture since the forecasted increase in demand will bring the existing plants up to [ability] and necessitate the building of a new one , of course on much the same technological base as exists today .

The foundation of this approach was a positive conception of liberty ; freedom as an actual capacity for doing or enjoying something rather than simply the absence of external constraint :
the foundation of this approach was a positive conception of liberty ; freedom as an actual [ability] for doing or enjoying something rather than simply the absence of external constraint :

When we speak of freedom as something to be highly prized , we mean a positive power or capacity for doing or enjoying something worth doing , and that , too , something that we do or enjoy in common with others .
when we speak of freedom as something to be highly prized , we mean a positive power or [ability] for doing or enjoying something worth doing , and that , too , something that we do or enjoy in common with others .

And the capacity of institutions to achieve this end was the criterion of their moral development and progress .
and the [ability] of institutions to achieve this end was the criterion of their moral development and progress .

Maximum capacity each room will take for :
maximum [ability] each room will take for :

So called because it is a flexible disc , 5¼ inches in diameter , with limited capacity .
so called because it is a flexible disc , 5¼ inches in diameter , with limited [ability] .

What is known about the capacity of mentally ill mothers to care for their babies ?
what is known about the [ability] of mentally ill mothers to care for their babies ?

We measured the patients ' arterial blood gas tensions , forced expiratory volume , and forced vital capacity .
we measured the patients ' arterial blood gas tensions , forced expiratory volume , and forced vital [ability] .

Within the year before the interview 27 patients had had pulmonary arterial pressures measured directly and 23 had had total lung capacity ( helium dilution ) and gas transfer measured .
within the year before the interview 27 patients had had pulmonary arterial pressures measured directly and 23 had had total lung [ability] ( helium dilution ) and gas transfer measured .

While other options were being carried out , and before the text was ready to receive entries for completely new words and meanings , it might well be desirable to begin to assemble these new entries and hold them ready in advance , so as to speed production and make the best use of the system 's storage capacity .
while other options were being carried out , and before the text was ready to receive entries for completely new words and meanings , it might well be desirable to begin to assemble these new entries and hold them ready in advance , so as to speed production and make the best use of the system 's storage [ability] .

Capacity for Control by Users
[ability] for control by users

The closest psychological construct to it is called ‘ field independence ’ or the ‘ capacity to differentiate psychologically ’ .
the closest psychological construct to it is called ‘ field independence ’ or the ‘ [ability] to differentiate psychologically ’ .

For managers at the top of the hierarchy the capacity to conceptualize has been seen as one of the predictors of managerial success .
for managers at the top of the hierarchy the [ability] to conceptualize has been seen as one of the predictors of managerial success .

This capacity relates closely to the ‘ helicopter ’ concept .
this [ability] relates closely to the ‘ helicopter ’ concept .

Capacity to modify unachievable goals .
[ability] to modify unachievable goals .

Of all abilities only the capacity to conceptualize has been found to correlate with the performance of managers .
of all abilities only the [ability] to conceptualize has been found to correlate with the performance of managers .

While we all have the same receptors our capacity to use them varies greatly , as does our capacity to process the data .
while we all have the same receptors our [ability] to use them varies greatly , as does our [ability] to process the data .

Power is the capacity to affect other people 's behaviour with or without their consent ; it allows for the deployment of resources to achieve ends .
power is the [ability] to affect other people 's behaviour with or without their consent ; it allows for the deployment of resources to achieve ends .

If power is a capacity to affect behaviour then influence is generally seen as the actual behaviour resulting from that capacity to affect .
if power is a [ability] to affect behaviour then influence is generally seen as the actual behaviour resulting from that [ability] to affect .

Capacity The characteristics of the individual , e.g. knowledge , wealth , beauty , strength , charisma , authority , skill , intelligence .
[ability] the characteristics of the individual , e.g. knowledge , wealth , beauty , strength , charisma , authority , skill , intelligence .

In addition to capacity , dependence and scarcity , what else affects your power ?
in addition to [ability] , dependence and scarcity , what else affects your power ?

However , three other power bases do depend much more on the capacity of the powerful to affect directly the perceptions of the less powerful , even when the latter are resisting that influence .
however , three other power bases do depend much more on the [ability] of the powerful to affect directly the perceptions of the less powerful , even when the latter are resisting that influence .

Power as we have described it is a capacity to influence .
power as we have described it is a [ability] to influence .

Once there they should have the capacity ( if not the inclination ) to change organizations to ensure their renewal and growth .
once there they should have the [ability] ( if not the inclination ) to change organizations to ensure their renewal and growth .

Managers ' success in the political arena depends ultimately on their capacity to play the political games . Three sets of skills have been identified by researchers as relevant to political games :
managers ' success in the political arena depends ultimately on their [ability] to play the political games . three sets of skills have been identified by researchers as relevant to political games :

Both diagnostic and tactical skills depend on what we have traditionally called political acumen — a combination of listening and observation skills , with a heightened capacity to predict likely behavioural outcomes .
both diagnostic and tactical skills depend on what we have traditionally called political acumen — a combination of listening and observation skills , with a heightened [ability] to predict likely behavioural outcomes .

People differ in their interests and in their capacity to handle power and politics .
people differ in their interests and in their [ability] to handle power and politics .

Power exists only if others recognize a capacity We have had some interesting examples over recent years of power being unceremoniously withdrawn from politicians .
power exists only if others recognize a [ability] we have had some interesting examples over recent years of power being unceremoniously withdrawn from politicians .

Power is the capacity to affect others ' behaviour with or without their consent .
power is the [ability] to affect others ' behaviour with or without their consent .

These include expertise , interpersonal skills and positional power , and recognize the fact that power rests on the capacity of managers to induce others to confer power on them .
these include expertise , interpersonal skills and positional power , and recognize the fact that power rests on the [ability] of managers to induce others to confer power on them .

The power of any unit ( position , function , division ) rests on its centrality , its non-substitute-ability and its capacity to cope with situations of uncertainty .
the power of any unit ( position , function , division ) rests on its centrality , its non-substitute-ability and its [ability] to cope with situations of uncertainty .

Our doubting our capacity to stand alone ( isolation ) .
our doubting our [ability] to stand alone ( isolation ) .

It is generally occupied , at any one time , by one person , but it can sometimes be split between two people — a task manager and a task expert , where the manager does not have the expertise but acquires power through the capacity to get the task done .
it is generally occupied , at any one time , by one person , but it can sometimes be split between two people — a task manager and a task expert , where the manager does not have the expertise but acquires power through the [ability] to get the task done .

Here , relationships are prescribed formally rather than informally , thereby strengthening a manager 's capacity to control the behaviour of others .
here , relationships are prescribed formally rather than informally , thereby strengthening a manager 's [ability] to control the behaviour of others .

The size of the increase , amounting to 5.7 % or 240 places , seems to have been determined purely on the basis of the amount of spare capacity in the medical schools , which could be used at no capital cost .
the size of the increase , amounting to 5.7 % or 240 places , seems to have been determined purely on the basis of the amount of spare [ability] in the medical schools , which could be used at no capital cost .

This would permit an accurate assessment of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and capacity and develop a framework for maintaining this .
this would permit an accurate assessment of current purchaser and provider research and development activity , interest , expertise , and [ability] and develop a framework for maintaining this .

Competition among them has been intense in the past decade as a result of the switch to reimbursement based on diagnostic related groups rather than historic costs , a difficult regulatory environment aimed at reducing short stay hospital capacity and at cost containment , and a much tougher climate for research funding .
competition among them has been intense in the past decade as a result of the switch to reimbursement based on diagnostic related groups rather than historic costs , a difficult regulatory environment aimed at reducing short stay hospital [ability] and at cost containment , and a much tougher climate for research funding .

Reagan 's capacity to learn from past mistakes and to make the adjustments necessary to achieve at least part of his declared purpose can be seen in his second term and in the passage of welfare reform legislation .
reagan 's [ability] to learn from past mistakes and to make the adjustments necessary to achieve at least part of his declared purpose can be seen in his second term and in the passage of welfare reform legislation .

In a well-known biography of Franklin Roosevelt , it is asserted , that ‘ the classic test of greatness in the White House has been the chief executive 's capacity to lead Congress .
in a well-known biography of franklin roosevelt , it is asserted , that ‘ the classic test of greatness in the white house has been the chief executive 's [ability] to lead congress .

Reagan also met one of the crucial tests of leadership in a pluralist system — the capacity to be both firm and flexible .
reagan also met one of the crucial tests of leadership in a pluralist system — the [ability] to be both firm and flexible .

At the same time as Russia became a leading military power she began to develop a considerable naval capacity as well .
at the same time as russia became a leading military power she began to develop a considerable naval [ability] as well .

His capacity for doing several jobs , and simultaneously , seems to have been formed during this period ; he was essentially full-time executive of the London Zoo and its appurtenances while moving from the Ministry of Defence to the Cabinet Office as the most senior and confidential adviser in sight , whence the reference to Pooh Bah .
his [ability] for doing several jobs , and simultaneously , seems to have been formed during this period ; he was essentially full-time executive of the london zoo and its appurtenances while moving from the ministry of defence to the cabinet office as the most senior and confidential adviser in sight , whence the reference to pooh bah .

In the meantime fundholding practices can use the spare capacity that exists .
in the meantime fundholding practices can use the spare [ability] that exists .

In this report we assess the long term ( 5–7 year ) survival , exercise capacity , perceived quality of life , and employment in these 18 patients .
in this report we assess the long term ( 5–7 year ) survival , exercise [ability] , perceived quality of life , and employment in these 18 patients .

Details of exercise capacity , coronary anatomy , left ventricular ejection fraction , and medications taken were recorded from the notes , in addition to renal functional state , blood pressure , and associated medical problems .
details of exercise [ability] , coronary anatomy , left ventricular ejection fraction , and medications taken were recorded from the notes , in addition to renal functional state , blood pressure , and associated medical problems .

Patients underwent a simple assessment of quality of life with regard to their perceived restrictions and their employment ; their exercise capacity had been assessed with exercise testing during their most recent annual follow up visit .
patients underwent a simple assessment of quality of life with regard to their perceived restrictions and their employment ; their exercise [ability] had been assessed with exercise testing during their most recent annual follow up visit .

Although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise capacity and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .
although no independent assessment of quality of life was performed in these patients , from the objective assessment of exercise [ability] and left ventricular function in each case combined with the full time employment of most of the long term surviving patients , the patients ' answers to a simple telephone questionnaire were probably accurate and did not reflect any inappropriate bias .

Working with district health authorities they may offer some new solutions to longstanding problems , give greater priority to local need , and enable the development of services with the capacity to respond to changing needs over time .
working with district health authorities they may offer some new solutions to longstanding problems , give greater priority to local need , and enable the development of services with the [ability] to respond to changing needs over time .

This means primary care needs to continue to develop its own capacity to question the decisions that are being taken .
this means primary care needs to continue to develop its own [ability] to question the decisions that are being taken .

Transaction costs have encouraged firms to expand their own internal capacity in preference to extensive reliance on outside suppliers .
transaction costs have encouraged firms to expand their own internal [ability] in preference to extensive reliance on outside suppliers .

In order to expand output quickly Japanese firms did invest heavily at over twice the rates of their competitors , but this increase in their own capacity did not result in the demise of the small firm , rather subcontracted orders offered an expansion path based on interdependence .
in order to expand output quickly japanese firms did invest heavily at over twice the rates of their competitors , but this increase in their own [ability] did not result in the demise of the small firm , rather subcontracted orders offered an expansion path based on interdependence .

It is anticipated that the logs have sufficient capacity and the transfers will be sufficiently frequent that the need for additional image copies will be obviated .
it is anticipated that the logs have sufficient [ability] and the transfers will be sufficiently frequent that the need for additional image copies will be obviated .

The system may be characterised as a collection of resources with limited capacity .
the system may be characterised as a collection of resources with limited [ability] .

Other Capacity Limitations
other [ability] limitations

The demands made by terminals on channels and lines are very unlikely to exceed their capacity .
the demands made by terminals on channels and lines are very unlikely to exceed their [ability] .

Some just gained experience in a more menial capacity .
some just gained experience in a more menial [ability] .

This is yet another example of how the business most dealers attain is a tribute to their capacity for sounding convincing .
this is yet another example of how the business most dealers attain is a tribute to their [ability] for sounding convincing .

and for augmenting the computer 's information storage capacity ( magnetic discs , magnetic tape , etc . )
and for augmenting the computer 's information storage [ability] ( magnetic discs , magnetic tape , etc . )

Again we have an increasing speed but , equally important , a decreasing cost per bit , and therefore a capacity increase from a few tens of words to several million characters of main storage .
again we have an increasing speed but , equally important , a decreasing cost per bit , and therefore a [ability] increase from a few tens of words to several million characters of main storage .

Chapter 5 considers other aspects of the store ; protection of store areas from being inadvertently overwritten , the use of particular store locations for special purposes , means by which the store 's apparent capacity and speed can be increased , and the use of associative and cyclic stores .
chapter 5 considers other aspects of the store ; protection of store areas from being inadvertently overwritten , the use of particular store locations for special purposes , means by which the store 's apparent [ability] and speed can be increased , and the use of associative and cyclic stores .

When we turn to the third section of Figure 1.10 , we see a wide range of devices for receiving information from the outside world , for transmitting information to the outside world , and for expanding the storage capacity of the computer .
when we turn to the third section of figure 1.10 , we see a wide range of devices for receiving information from the outside world , for transmitting information to the outside world , and for expanding the storage [ability] of the computer .

Nor is an organization 's capacity to mobilize public support in meetings or demonstrations necessarily influential or even advantageous .
nor is an organization 's [ability] to mobilize public support in meetings or demonstrations necessarily influential or even advantageous .

Writing in the mid-1930s , he was thinking of the huge growth in the power of banks and oligopolies which it seemed beyond the capacity of Parliament to comprehend or to control .
writing in the mid-1930s , he was thinking of the huge growth in the power of banks and oligopolies which it seemed beyond the [ability] of parliament to comprehend or to control .

The extent to which insect flight-muscles are developed is , as one would expect , correlated with the capacity for flight .
the extent to which insect flight-muscles are developed is , as one would expect , correlated with the [ability] for flight .

Measure length , Weight and capacity Using appropriate metric Units .
measure length , weight and [ability] using appropriate metric units .

Volume and capacity
volume and [ability]

The pupil can : 6a compute to find a measure e.g. area or volume or capacity ) .
the pupil can : 6a compute to find a measure e.g. area or volume or [ability] ) .

Still photography has the capacity to become as wilfully malleable as cinema .
still photography has the [ability] to become as wilfully malleable as cinema .

Is it possible to explain the asymmetry by way of a clear idea of power or capacity , ability , or disposition ?
is it possible to explain the asymmetry by way of a clear idea of power or [ability] , ability , or disposition ?

( One occasionally encounters a burst of inanity of Nobel proportions , as in this : `` Our capacity for deceiving ourselves about the operation of the brain is almost limitless , mainly because what we can report is only a minute fraction of what goes on in our head .
( one occasionally encounters a burst of inanity of nobel proportions , as in this : `` our [ability] for deceiving ourselves about the operation of the brain is almost limitless , mainly because what we can report is only a minute fraction of what goes on in our head .

The presiding officer must decide , when a person tries to vote , if he is suffering from mental illness , is subnormal , intoxicated and so lacks the capacity to understand what he is doing .
the presiding officer must decide , when a person tries to vote , if he is suffering from mental illness , is subnormal , intoxicated and so lacks the [ability] to understand what he is doing .

Indeed , as the majority of consumer `` buyers `` are women , a woman 's point of view is most valuable and a woman 's capacity for detail , at least in my opinion and that of many employers , is an eminently valuable asset in work where detail and exactness are essential .
indeed , as the majority of consumer `` buyers `` are women , a woman 's point of view is most valuable and a woman 's [ability] for detail , at least in my opinion and that of many employers , is an eminently valuable asset in work where detail and exactness are essential .

Their capacity to do the work was doubted : `` a blackguard horde of broken down incompetents [ have been taken on ] to take up our work `` . ``
their [ability] to do the work was doubted : `` a blackguard horde of broken down incompetents [ have been taken on ] to take up our work `` . ``

The Education Act ( Scotland ) , making education compulsory for children from five to thirteen , had only just been passed in 1872 , and the capacity to read complicated copy could by no means be assumed in all girls ( or indeed boys ) even from `` respectable artisans `` `` families , as is illustrated by the remarks of Mr McCrie , the owner of a paper factory , reported in the Edinburgh Daily Review in January 1873 .
the education act ( scotland ) , making education compulsory for children from five to thirteen , had only just been passed in 1872 , and the [ability] to read complicated copy could by no means be assumed in all girls ( or indeed boys ) even from `` respectable artisans `` `` families , as is illustrated by the remarks of mr mccrie , the owner of a paper factory , reported in the edinburgh daily review in january 1873 .

The reason for this is not so much that it was beyond some people 's capacity to do imposition and so on ; but rather that it cost employers money to train people to do such tasks .
the reason for this is not so much that it was beyond some people 's [ability] to do imposition and so on ; but rather that it cost employers money to train people to do such tasks .

Of the remaining 51 fathers , 15 worked either on the railway in some capacity ( as signalman , guard , driver etc . )
of the remaining 51 fathers , 15 worked either on the railway in some [ability] ( as signalman , guard , driver etc . )

Unemployment might depend on the individual 's capacity .
unemployment might depend on the individual 's [ability] .

Any blood or fluid loss reduces circulatory volume and thus oxygen-carrying capacity .
any blood or fluid loss reduces circulatory volume and thus oxygen-carrying [ability] .

These normally private functions can assume unusually large proportions if illness limits a person 's capacity for self care .
these normally private functions can assume unusually large proportions if illness limits a person 's [ability] for self care .

Those of us who have retained an optimism for football 's capacity for survival and ability to re-invent itself are already checking our watches .
those of us who have retained an optimism for football 's [ability] for survival and ability to re-invent itself are already checking our watches .

This is part of the music 's capacity to move the listener so much .
this is part of the music 's [ability] to move the listener so much .

Pogorelich 's striking if ungenerous coupling again suggests his capacity to conjure up an uncanny sense of drama , to contrast Scriabin 's ‘ quiet of a summer night on the seashore ’ with the ‘ vast expanse of an ocean stormily agitated ’ with the most compulsive virtuosity .
pogorelich 's striking if ungenerous coupling again suggests his [ability] to conjure up an uncanny sense of drama , to contrast scriabin 's ‘ quiet of a summer night on the seashore ’ with the ‘ vast expanse of an ocean stormily agitated ’ with the most compulsive virtuosity .

In both versions of the Berceuse Cortot 's heart-stopping rubato tugs against the music 's natural pulse , and although the later is less stylistically lavish , both accounts show his capacity , particularly in his early and relatively carefree days , to spin off the most delicate fioriture with a nonchalant iridescent fantasy and facility .
in both versions of the berceuse cortot 's heart-stopping rubato tugs against the music 's natural pulse , and although the later is less stylistically lavish , both accounts show his [ability] , particularly in his early and relatively carefree days , to spin off the most delicate fioriture with a nonchalant iridescent fantasy and facility .

Large units are as economically efficient as small ones , and have a greater functional capacity ; 3 .
large units are as economically efficient as small ones , and have a greater functional [ability] ; 3 .

Worthwhile are the concerts arranged in halls which might pull capacity audiences of 500–1000 punters .
worthwhile are the concerts arranged in halls which might pull [ability] audiences of 500–1000 punters .

Their brand of blues-tinged metal was eagerly lapped up by a capacity Stadium crowd for the Crowes ’ second Irish performance .
their brand of blues-tinged metal was eagerly lapped up by a [ability] stadium crowd for the crowes ’ second irish performance .

The emphasis here is on the individual 's capacity to understand and interpret what other individuals mean by their social actions .
the emphasis here is on the individual 's [ability] to understand and interpret what other individuals mean by their social actions .

The most distinctively human aspect in this respect is the capacity to communicate verbally : language is the principal medium by which humans exchange meaning .
the most distinctively human aspect in this respect is the [ability] to communicate verbally : language is the principal medium by which humans exchange meaning .

, all sometimes speak as loudly as words — for action theorists the capacity to give meaning to the world through a shared language enables people to interact socially and to create a social order .
, all sometimes speak as loudly as words — for action theorists the [ability] to give meaning to the world through a shared language enables people to interact socially and to create a social order .

In contrast to the functionalist , then , who sees the capacity of the human being to communicate as simply a vehicle for the ‘ activation ’ of imposed cultural rules , for the action theorist this capacity is the essential creative ingredient in social life .
in contrast to the functionalist , then , who sees the [ability] of the human being to communicate as simply a vehicle for the ‘ activation ’ of imposed cultural rules , for the action theorist this [ability] is the essential creative ingredient in social life .

The general social action approach thus emphasises fluidity and change in social interaction ; it has a conception of the individual that emphasises people 's creativity and capacity for innovation .
the general social action approach thus emphasises fluidity and change in social interaction ; it has a conception of the individual that emphasises people 's creativity and [ability] for innovation .

For him , the primary cause of inequality in capitalism is market capacity — this is the skills brought to the labour market by the employee .
for him , the primary cause of inequality in capitalism is market [ability] — this is the skills brought to the labour market by the employee .

We can see that there is a broad division in life-chances between manual and non-manual workers ; the skills of the non-manual employees , especially professionals , give this class significant advantages in market capacity and hence in life-chances .
we can see that there is a broad division in life-chances between manual and non-manual workers ; the skills of the non-manual employees , especially professionals , give this class significant advantages in market [ability] and hence in life-chances .

In other words , taken to its logical conclusion , Weber 's analysis of market capacity would put each person into a separate class because each individual would have a minutely different skill from everyone else .
in other words , taken to its logical conclusion , weber 's analysis of market [ability] would put each person into a separate class because each individual would have a minutely different skill from everyone else .

Generally , however , we can divide up those below the upper class on the grounds of life-chances , based on market capacity .
generally , however , we can divide up those below the upper class on the grounds of life-chances , based on market [ability] .

Market capacity generates its own effects which are expressed in terms of different material rewards , conditions of work , health , housing , and education .
market [ability] generates its own effects which are expressed in terms of different material rewards , conditions of work , health , housing , and education .

In general , one can distinguish between the fundamental conditions of any capitalist system which explain its continuation — private property and market capacity — and the resulting inequalities of wealth-ownership and life-chances .
in general , one can distinguish between the fundamental conditions of any capitalist system which explain its continuation — private property and market [ability] — and the resulting inequalities of wealth-ownership and life-chances .

The market capacity of the individual depends on the sort of skills that he or she can bring to the labour market as an employee .
the market [ability] of the individual depends on the sort of skills that he or she can bring to the labour market as an employee .

Social closure can then imply the capacity a class has to defend its interests ( as for the upper class ) or a condition of being ‘ enclosed ’ disadvantageously ( as for the working class ) .
social closure can then imply the [ability] a class has to defend its interests ( as for the upper class ) or a condition of being ‘ enclosed ’ disadvantageously ( as for the working class ) .

Its current reproductive capacity as a social group ;
its current reproductive [ability] as a social group ;

In the State , Navy and War departments , officials contemplated Korean capacity for self-government and the certain resurgence of Soviet power in East Asia including Korea .
in the state , navy and war departments , officials contemplated korean [ability] for self-government and the certain resurgence of soviet power in east asia including korea .

While too much emphasis should not be placed upon it , intelligence pointed to the offensive capacity of North Korea being strengthened .
while too much emphasis should not be placed upon it , intelligence pointed to the offensive [ability] of north korea being strengthened .

Plans now taking form call for leaving the Japanese practically all of the industrial capacity with which they waged the war and for financial assistance to get into full production again .
plans now taking form call for leaving the japanese practically all of the industrial [ability] with which they waged the war and for financial assistance to get into full production again .

American industrialists , critical of the performance of the occupation , had urged a reversal of policy so as to increase Japan 's capacity to stand on her own feet and not to receive excessive subsidies from the United States .
american industrialists , critical of the performance of the occupation , had urged a reversal of policy so as to increase japan 's [ability] to stand on her own feet and not to receive excessive subsidies from the united states .

Dust capacity
dust [ability]

Dust capacity
dust [ability]

The recession will limit his capacity to spend more on health and education and fatally undermine his claim to be concerned about these issues .
the recession will limit his [ability] to spend more on health and education and fatally undermine his claim to be concerned about these issues .

Under Kinnock 's leadership Labour has shown considerable capacity for discipline .
under kinnock 's leadership labour has shown considerable [ability] for discipline .

The lower prices have had a dampening effect on innovative schemes to make better use of the natural resources consumed , and will do nothing to stimulate necessary investment by the generators on modernising their capacity .
the lower prices have had a dampening effect on innovative schemes to make better use of the natural resources consumed , and will do nothing to stimulate necessary investment by the generators on modernising their [ability] .

It seems the weakness has arisen not only because of the excess capacity built during the Central Electricity Generating Board 's dying years , but also because the competition for business between the regional distribution companies , the generators , the Scottish companies , Nuclear Electric and the French is so strong , and also because of recession .
it seems the weakness has arisen not only because of the excess [ability] built during the central electricity generating board 's dying years , but also because the competition for business between the regional distribution companies , the generators , the scottish companies , nuclear electric and the french is so strong , and also because of recession .

Substitution of manufactured exports for domestic grain imports permitted the population to be fed for a century , beyond the capacity of domestic agriculture , without a reduction in fertility or a rise in mortality .
substitution of manufactured exports for domestic grain imports permitted the population to be fed for a century , beyond the [ability] of domestic agriculture , without a reduction in fertility or a rise in mortality .

The potato was not widely used directly as food in England until the nineteenth century , although its capacity to sustain a family on very little land has been credited with the rapid Irish population growth from the late eighteenth century ( Connell 1950a , Langer 1975 ) .
the potato was not widely used directly as food in england until the nineteenth century , although its [ability] to sustain a family on very little land has been credited with the rapid irish population growth from the late eighteenth century ( connell 1950a , langer 1975 ) .

In trying to account for overall trends it is helpful to start with the sequences of factors which control the immediate risks of fertility for the individual and without which births can not occur : natural fecundity ( the physiological capacity to conceive and bear children ) , exposure to intercourse within and outside marriage , and evasion of the consequences of intercourse through contraception and abortion .
in trying to account for overall trends it is helpful to start with the sequences of factors which control the immediate risks of fertility for the individual and without which births can not occur : natural fecundity ( the physiological [ability] to conceive and bear children ) , exposure to intercourse within and outside marriage , and evasion of the consequences of intercourse through contraception and abortion .

’ There was nothing in the Parliamentary debate , in fact , to suggest that the pistol cases were particularly serious and the Bill was easily thrown out — although it must be admitted that the gentlemen of Westminster have more than once shown a remarkable capacity for getting things wrong .
’ there was nothing in the parliamentary debate , in fact , to suggest that the pistol cases were particularly serious and the bill was easily thrown out — although it must be admitted that the gentlemen of westminster have more than once shown a remarkable [ability] for getting things wrong .

This combination of family capacity ( Michael is soon to become a father of two ) and a sporty feel appealed to him .
this combination of family [ability] ( michael is soon to become a father of two ) and a sporty feel appealed to him .

Meanwhile , the contrast is best made for introductory purposes by thinking about the middle of the range , where individuals take the stage in a social capacity , as , for instance , Prime Minister or Secretary of State .
meanwhile , the contrast is best made for introductory purposes by thinking about the middle of the range , where individuals take the stage in a social [ability] , as , for instance , prime minister or secretary of state .

The contrast shows up in the different notions of ‘ social capacity ’ .
the contrast shows up in the different notions of ‘ social [ability] ’ .

Yet , according to Structuralists who adopt a historical approach , notably those associated with the world-system approach of Immanuel Wallerstein , the central feature of the international capitalist system has been its capacity to maintain patterns of economic domination .
yet , according to structuralists who adopt a historical approach , notably those associated with the world-system approach of immanuel wallerstein , the central feature of the international capitalist system has been its [ability] to maintain patterns of economic domination .

Originating summonses and equivalent documents will be served by an officer of the court , who may be the clerk to the court ( as in Switzerland ) , or an officer with specific functions including the service of process ( such as the ufficiale giudiziario in Italy ) , or in some countries such as France a huissier de justice , a process-server appointed by the State authorities but engaged in a professional capacity by the plaintiff .
originating summonses and equivalent documents will be served by an officer of the court , who may be the clerk to the court ( as in switzerland ) , or an officer with specific functions including the service of process ( such as the ufficiale giudiziario in italy ) , or in some countries such as france a huissier de justice , a process-server appointed by the state authorities but engaged in a professional [ability] by the plaintiff .

Article 16 is expressly declared not to apply to judgments concerning status or capacity of persons , fields in which certainty is essential .
article 16 is expressly declared not to apply to judgments concerning status or [ability] of persons , fields in which certainty is essential .

In addition there are ten , flat-floored seminar rooms with capacity for 30–50 people in classroom-style arrangement .
in addition there are ten , flat-floored seminar rooms with [ability] for 30–50 people in classroom-style arrangement .

In addition , there are 6 other tiered lecture theatres ( each with a capacity of 70–80 people ) and over 25 seminar/classrooms ( to seat 20–60 people ) .
in addition , there are 6 other tiered lecture theatres ( each with a [ability] of 70–80 people ) and over 25 seminar/classrooms ( to seat 20–60 people ) .

Whether these increases reflect increased morbidity , a greater willingness to care for older people or an expansion in capacity is a matter of debate .
whether these increases reflect increased morbidity , a greater willingness to care for older people or an expansion in [ability] is a matter of debate .

After all , while most of us would condemn escapism as a total way of life , our capacity to use our imaginations to construct alternative worlds into which we can temporarily retreat is certainly a central human characteristic and seems , on the whole , a valuable one .
after all , while most of us would condemn escapism as a total way of life , our [ability] to use our imaginations to construct alternative worlds into which we can temporarily retreat is certainly a central human characteristic and seems , on the whole , a valuable one .

For they have the capacity to change — for example , Judd 's enthusiasm for their treasure-hunting plan turns to disillusion as he watches greed enhance Brett 's obstinacy and rouse passive Stringy to obstructive malice .
for they have the [ability] to change — for example , judd 's enthusiasm for their treasure-hunting plan turns to disillusion as he watches greed enhance brett 's obstinacy and rouse passive stringy to obstructive malice .

Writing almost a century after Kingston , he fulfilled the expectations of his readers with less melodrama in his plots and a more responsible attitude to life in his young hero , but Quinn is a very obvious descendant of Marryat 's Peter Simple and Kingston 's Jack Rogers in his lively opportunism and his youthful capacity for living in the present .
writing almost a century after kingston , he fulfilled the expectations of his readers with less melodrama in his plots and a more responsible attitude to life in his young hero , but quinn is a very obvious descendant of marryat 's peter simple and kingston 's jack rogers in his lively opportunism and his youthful [ability] for living in the present .

His reactions to a challenge and his mode of speech , his capacity , are all those of a boy trained for a certain duty but not distracted from his natural instincts and responses .
his reactions to a challenge and his mode of speech , his [ability] , are all those of a boy trained for a certain duty but not distracted from his natural instincts and responses .

For once the camera did lie , not about the beauty she was becoming but in camouflaging the vulnerable personality behind her effortless capacity to dazzle .
for once the camera did lie , not about the beauty she was becoming but in camouflaging the vulnerable personality behind her effortless [ability] to dazzle .

By virtue of the single capacity system , there was an established and sufficiently flexible regulatory framework , with participating members generally similar in terms of capital adequacy and profitability .
by virtue of the single [ability] system , there was an established and sufficiently flexible regulatory framework , with participating members generally similar in terms of capital adequacy and profitability .

At the very heart of single capacity was the Stock Exchange 's rule-book which effectively blocked significant structural reform .
at the very heart of single [ability] was the stock exchange 's rule-book which effectively blocked significant structural reform .

Ever since 1911 fixed commissions had been the lynch-pin of the separation between brokers and jobbers — the system known as single capacity .
ever since 1911 fixed commissions had been the lynch-pin of the separation between brokers and jobbers — the system known as single [ability] .

These pressures made inevitable the dismantling of single capacity .
these pressures made inevitable the dismantling of single [ability] .

In its place there emerged a dual capacity regime , whereby financial intermediaries could undertake the functions of both broker and jobber simultaneously .
in its place there emerged a dual [ability] regime , whereby financial intermediaries could undertake the functions of both broker and jobber simultaneously .

The breakdown of the old , oligopolistic , single capacity , club-like … system and its transformation into the new multi-function , intensely competitive system , … [ required ] an equivalent transformation of the regulatory system .
the breakdown of the old , oligopolistic , single [ability] , club-like … system and its transformation into the new multi-function , intensely competitive system , … [ required ] an equivalent transformation of the regulatory system .

It is undisputed that , notwithstanding single capacity , there existed within the financial service industry a high incidence of conflict of interest situations .
it is undisputed that , notwithstanding single [ability] , there existed within the financial service industry a high incidence of conflict of interest situations .

Since a conglomerate is often acting in a fiduciary capacity , or as an agent owing special duties of care and skill to its client , certain equitable obligations are imposed .
since a conglomerate is often acting in a fiduciary [ability] , or as an agent owing special duties of care and skill to its client , certain equitable obligations are imposed .

a duty to the investing public not to trade on the basis of unpublished price sensitive information ( commonly referred to as inside information ) for its own account or to ‘ tip ’ ( pass on inside information ) clients in its advisory capacity .
a duty to the investing public not to trade on the basis of unpublished price sensitive information ( commonly referred to as inside information ) for its own account or to ‘ tip ’ ( pass on inside information ) clients in its advisory [ability] .

Section 1(5) prohibits an individual who has contemplated or who is contemplating making a take-over offer for a company in one capacity from dealing in the shares of the offeree in another capacity if he knows that the information relating to the fact that the offer is contemplated or is no longer contemplated is unpublished price sensitive information .
section 1(5) prohibits an individual who has contemplated or who is contemplating making a take-over offer for a company in one [ability] from dealing in the shares of the offeree in another [ability] if he knows that the information relating to the fact that the offer is contemplated or is no longer contemplated is unpublished price sensitive information .

Finding spare provider capacity and moving appropriate volumes of work to those areas
finding spare provider [ability] and moving appropriate volumes of work to those areas

Depending on which fuel system is fitted there are either two wing tanks with a total capacity of 60 imperial gallons or two mains with two auxiliaries in the outer wing , bringing total fuel to 90 gallons .
depending on which fuel system is fitted there are either two wing tanks with a total [ability] of 60 imperial gallons or two mains with two auxiliaries in the outer wing , bringing total fuel to 90 gallons .

She argues that autonomy should not be seen as a psychological capacity , but as a social one , depending on public acknowledgement , and that this acknowledgement arises from the recognition of responsibility rather than of rationality .
she argues that autonomy should not be seen as a psychological [ability] , but as a social one , depending on public acknowledgement , and that this acknowledgement arises from the recognition of responsibility rather than of rationality .

Just as every normal human child first learns to crawl , then to stand and then to walk and the motivation and capacity to do these things comes from within the child , and is not artificially imposed from outside — so , the moral development theorists hold , there is a necessary sequence of stages of emerging moral judgement .
just as every normal human child first learns to crawl , then to stand and then to walk and the motivation and [ability] to do these things comes from within the child , and is not artificially imposed from outside — so , the moral development theorists hold , there is a necessary sequence of stages of emerging moral judgement .

At its most extreme , someone 's capacity to choose which course of action to perform is removed from them .
at its most extreme , someone 's [ability] to choose which course of action to perform is removed from them .

But , in a slightly weaker sense , someone may lose their autonomy if the opportunity for them to exercise their capacity to choose is removed .
but , in a slightly weaker sense , someone may lose their autonomy if the opportunity for them to exercise their [ability] to choose is removed .

The traditional view is encapsulated in the claim that children are not autonomous ; that is , on a standard interpretation , they lack the capacity to act rationally in pursuit of their own self-chosen goals .
the traditional view is encapsulated in the claim that children are not autonomous ; that is , on a standard interpretation , they lack the [ability] to act rationally in pursuit of their own self-chosen goals .

These two suggestions , far from being enlightened liberation of all children , are actually oppression of a deeply damaging kind to at least some , and Harris 's suggestion contains a capacity criterion in disguise .
these two suggestions , far from being enlightened liberation of all children , are actually oppression of a deeply damaging kind to at least some , and harris 's suggestion contains a [ability] criterion in disguise .

( 1 ) Women lack some moral or cognitive capacity therefore ( 2 ) Women ( must ) lack authority .
( 1 ) women lack some moral or cognitive [ability] therefore ( 2 ) women ( must ) lack authority .

( 1 ) Women lack authority therefore ( 2 ) Women ( must ) lack some moral or cognitive capacity .
( 1 ) women lack authority therefore ( 2 ) women ( must ) lack some moral or cognitive [ability] .

What reason could we produce to allow that she may have the capacity to act autonomously while denying her the capacity-to-act-autonomously ?
what reason could we produce to allow that she may have the [ability] to act autonomously while denying her the capacity-to-act-autonomously ?

Whatever it is we should first notice that while the capacity to act autonomously is construed as a psychological capacity , the capacity-to-act-autonomously is not .
whatever it is we should first notice that while the [ability] to act autonomously is construed as a psychological [ability] , the capacity-to-act-autonomously is not .

It is a social capacity which depends upon the acknowledgement of others .
it is a social [ability] which depends upon the acknowledgement of others .

When using the machine for the first time , the manufacturers advise that the machine should be filled to capacity and then emptied , before re-filling and stripping .
when using the machine for the first time , the manufacturers advise that the machine should be filled to [ability] and then emptied , before re-filling and stripping .

Governments had the obligation to maintain the par values of their currencies under the adjustable peg system , and the arrangements described in Section 8.2.1 indicate that the dollar was used primarily in this capacity .
governments had the obligation to maintain the par values of their currencies under the adjustable peg system , and the arrangements described in section 8.2.1 indicate that the dollar was used primarily in this [ability] .

Countries with balance of payments problems — in the sense of having requirements for official financing which put a strain on official reserves or on the capacity to borrow abroad on reasonable terms — have had to resort to traditional defensive measures in such circumstances .
countries with balance of payments problems — in the sense of having requirements for official financing which put a strain on official reserves or on the [ability] to borrow abroad on reasonable terms — have had to resort to traditional defensive measures in such circumstances .

Over such periods high growth rates , and rapid improvements in living standards , are dependent upon an increase in productive capacity rather than on temporary changes in the level of demand .
over such periods high growth rates , and rapid improvements in living standards , are dependent upon an increase in productive [ability] rather than on temporary changes in the level of demand .

However , investment is required to augment productive capacity , and policies to eliminate excessive fluctuations in aggregate demand may provide the best environment for high investment expenditures .
however , investment is required to augment productive [ability] , and policies to eliminate excessive fluctuations in aggregate demand may provide the best environment for high investment expenditures .

Indeed the implication of the Phillips curve relationship was taken to be that control of demand via fiscal and monetary policies allowed the government to operate the economy at full capacity , yielding high employment but rising prices ; or at lower levels of demand , producing more stable prices but higher unemployment .
indeed the implication of the phillips curve relationship was taken to be that control of demand via fiscal and monetary policies allowed the government to operate the economy at full [ability] , yielding high employment but rising prices ; or at lower levels of demand , producing more stable prices but higher unemployment .

( Reagan 's own cognitive capacity admittedly made this detour a pardonable one . )
( reagan 's own cognitive [ability] admittedly made this detour a pardonable one . )

The primary process has two characteristics , both arising from the motility of cathexis , or the capacity of an instinctual impulse to switch from one object to another in trying to achieve gratification .
the primary process has two characteristics , both arising from the motility of cathexis , or the [ability] of an instinctual impulse to switch from one object to another in trying to achieve gratification .

Cruelty in general comes easily to the childish nature , since the obstacle that brings the instinct for mastery to a halt at another person 's pain — namely a capacity for pity — is developed relatively late .
cruelty in general comes easily to the childish nature , since the obstacle that brings the instinct for mastery to a halt at another person 's pain — namely a [ability] for pity — is developed relatively late .

He leaves the questions of defining what a group is , and of how it acquires the capacity for influencing the mental life of the individual , until later .
he leaves the questions of defining what a group is , and of how it acquires the [ability] for influencing the mental life of the individual , until later .

The notion that Freud has of the sexual instincts is not primarily about reproduction , however , but the generalized capacity of the human organism to find erotic satisfaction from any part of the body being caressed or stimulated , quite apart from the act of reproduction .
the notion that freud has of the sexual instincts is not primarily about reproduction , however , but the generalized [ability] of the human organism to find erotic satisfaction from any part of the body being caressed or stimulated , quite apart from the act of reproduction .

It is true that human beings share some things in common with other species , such as sexual reproduction , but they are distinct in some major ways , above all in their capacity for symbolic communication , as distinct from a sign system of communication used by some other species .
it is true that human beings share some things in common with other species , such as sexual reproduction , but they are distinct in some major ways , above all in their [ability] for symbolic communication , as distinct from a sign system of communication used by some other species .

There are primitive layers , even in modern Europeans who were then fighting the war , which mean that man has a capacity for brutality exceeding that of other animals .
there are primitive layers , even in modern europeans who were then fighting the war , which mean that man has a [ability] for brutality exceeding that of other animals .

There is something unique about man 's capacity to kill , and even to eat , his own species .
there is something unique about man 's [ability] to kill , and even to eat , his own species .

He , like many of his critics and followers , failed to see that the claims for a new scientific conceptualization rest not only on the ‘ facts ’ they are concerned to put into some kind of order , but also on the capacity of the new theoretical framework to bring out connections between what , until the new framework is used , appear as unconnected bits and pieces of information .
he , like many of his critics and followers , failed to see that the claims for a new scientific conceptualization rest not only on the ‘ facts ’ they are concerned to put into some kind of order , but also on the [ability] of the new theoretical framework to bring out connections between what , until the new framework is used , appear as unconnected bits and pieces of information .

As a result , their neighbour is for them not only a potential helper or sexual object , but also someone who tempts them to satisfy their aggressiveness on him , to exploit his capacity for work without compensation , to use him sexually without his consent , to seize his possessions , to humiliate him , to cause him pain , to torture and to kill him .
as a result , their neighbour is for them not only a potential helper or sexual object , but also someone who tempts them to satisfy their aggressiveness on him , to exploit his [ability] for work without compensation , to use him sexually without his consent , to seize his possessions , to humiliate him , to cause him pain , to torture and to kill him .

While not wishing to comment on the economic arguments for communism in terms of its capacity to create more wealth more equally distributed , an aim Freud thought to be very important for the future , he thought that communism contained an ‘ illusion ’ about man 's nature .
while not wishing to comment on the economic arguments for communism in terms of its [ability] to create more wealth more equally distributed , an aim freud thought to be very important for the future , he thought that communism contained an ‘ illusion ’ about man 's nature .

Gladys Sellers reports on the launch of a new large capacity , £350 rucksack from Karrimor
gladys sellers reports on the launch of a new large [ability] , £350 rucksack from karrimor

Prices run at about £1 per litre of capacity , about half that for non-budget sacks .
prices run at about £1 per litre of [ability] , about half that for non-budget sacks .

Silver became the most popular , surviving to the present day , in a minor capacity , as a drawing tool .
silver became the most popular , surviving to the present day , in a minor [ability] , as a drawing tool .

The miners ' historian , Robin Page Arnot , in his book The Miners : Years of Struggle ( 1950 ) briefly but pertinently shared feminism 's concern with housework as labour that reproduces life and the capacity to labour .
the miners ' historian , robin page arnot , in his book the miners : years of struggle ( 1950 ) briefly but pertinently shared feminism 's concern with housework as labour that reproduces life and the [ability] to labour .

‘ Without a replacement , the plant could have been out of action for months , reducing Torness 's productive capacity by half and costing the company a fortune in lost revenue .
‘ without a replacement , the plant could have been out of action for months , reducing torness 's productive [ability] by half and costing the company a fortune in lost revenue .

The assignment will involve writing in an official capacity to an organisation concerning a straightforward business transaction .
the assignment will involve writing in an official [ability] to an organisation concerning a straightforward business transaction .

The crane combines its 90-tonne lifting capacity with a fully-extended reach of 67 metres .
the crane combines its 90-tonne lifting [ability] with a fully-extended reach of 67 metres .

His study recommended simple procedures for drilling staff to use to avoid four main types of vibration that limit the bit 's drilling capacity : slip stick , whirl , bouncing and whipping .
his study recommended simple procedures for drilling staff to use to avoid four main types of vibration that limit the bit 's drilling [ability] : slip stick , whirl , bouncing and whipping .

Two hydrocyclone separators are to be installed on the Gyda platform next year to more than double the installation 's water handling capacity to 35,000 barrels a day in readiness for an anticipated increase in produced water from the reservoir .
two hydrocyclone separators are to be installed on the gyda platform next year to more than double the installation 's water handling [ability] to 35,000 barrels a day in readiness for an anticipated increase in produced water from the reservoir .

Manufacturing capacity has been scaled down to bring it into line with projected demand .
manufacturing [ability] has been scaled down to bring it into line with projected demand .

Under Capacity to Innovate , Rentokil is No .
under [ability] to innovate , rentokil is no .

John was called in initially in an advisory capacity with Laings and the architects .
john was called in initially in an advisory [ability] with laings and the architects .

The incinerator used is a Basic Energy Model 1850 with a capacity of 10 million BTU/hr .
the incinerator used is a basic energy model 1850 with a [ability] of 10 million btu/hr .

Hazel joined the Company in March 1970 and after a few months took over the role of transport manager , in which capacity she has been responsible for keeping the Company on the move ever since .
hazel joined the company in march 1970 and after a few months took over the role of transport manager , in which [ability] she has been responsible for keeping the company on the move ever since .

When dealing with a claim for freezer contents it is worthwhile considering the capacity of the freezer in relation to the size of the claim .
when dealing with a claim for freezer contents it is worthwhile considering the [ability] of the freezer in relation to the size of the claim .

As occupier of the present home and in a personal capacity — if Contents cover is in force .
as occupier of the present home and in a personal [ability] — if contents cover is in force .

This section also covers the Policyholder in a personal capacity e.g .
this section also covers the policyholder in a personal [ability] e.g .

Capacity to respond when recession hits
[ability] to respond when recession hits

The directors are determined to avoid further reductions in the Group 's skills base or permanent manufacturing capacity following the closure of Hanley Pottery .
the directors are determined to avoid further reductions in the group 's skills base or permanent manufacturing [ability] following the closure of hanley pottery .

As already explained , subject to there being no further significant deterioration in trading conditions , once the Hanley factory is closed there will be no further reductions in our permanent manufacturing capacity .
as already explained , subject to there being no further significant deterioration in trading conditions , once the hanley factory is closed there will be no further reductions in our permanent manufacturing [ability] .

The Agreement shall not apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited either by vehicles other than his own , or jointly by such vehicles and his own vehicles , and his Insurers grant indemnity to him in his particular capacity as an occupier of land and not as the user of the vehicles .
the agreement shall not apply to any claim brought against an occupier of land if the mud is deposited either by vehicles other than his own , or jointly by such vehicles and his own vehicles , and his insurers grant indemnity to him in his particular [ability] as an occupier of land and not as the user of the vehicles .

in a personal injury action an employee who claimed damages for loss of earnings or impaired earning capacity had , if so requested by his employer , to disclose the general medical records of the whole of his medical history to his employers ' medical advisers .
in a personal injury action an employee who claimed damages for loss of earnings or impaired earning [ability] had , if so requested by his employer , to disclose the general medical records of the whole of his medical history to his employers ' medical advisers .

‘ The prime objectives of our project have been to maximise the machine 's productive capacity and at the same time to minimise possible losses , ’ she added .
‘ the prime objectives of our project have been to maximise the machine 's productive [ability] and at the same time to minimise possible losses , ’ she added .

Both Felix Candela and Santiago Calatrava gave lectures to capacity audiences during the exhibition .
both felix candela and santiago calatrava gave lectures to [ability] audiences during the exhibition .

drive second family cars not exceeding 1600 cubic capacity
drive second family cars not exceeding 1600 cubic [ability]

Ignoring employees ' own capacity to recognise , assess and minimise risk may well mean the risks themselves — the obvious physical ones ( fire , explosion ) and the more mundane and nebulous but often more far-reaching threats to business survival ( financial or market-oriented ) — are overlooked too .
ignoring employees ' own [ability] to recognise , assess and minimise risk may well mean the risks themselves — the obvious physical ones ( fire , explosion ) and the more mundane and nebulous but often more far-reaching threats to business survival ( financial or market-oriented ) — are overlooked too .

As much as individuals presented with a constant stream of video nasties , organisations can experience a steady dwindling in their capacity to be shocked .
as much as individuals presented with a constant stream of video nasties , organisations can experience a steady dwindling in their [ability] to be shocked .

Davidson emphasises above his own role in Provincial 's response a team effort , not only in the sense that he had to delegate a great deal in such a multi-faceted role — although ‘ logically planning goes together with finance and not only did we have the capacity to take on overseas but control of subsidiaries fits too ’ — to his deputies , and , but that the whole company was involved .
davidson emphasises above his own role in provincial 's response a team effort , not only in the sense that he had to delegate a great deal in such a multi-faceted role — although ‘ logically planning goes together with finance and not only did we have the [ability] to take on overseas but control of subsidiaries fits too ’ — to his deputies , and , but that the whole company was involved .

Since the early 80s , when Chatham dockyard — and the Royal Naval cookery school — closed and the Army had spare capacity to offer , all three services have based their catering schools there , operated on an entirely separate basis with the Army as landlord .
since the early 80s , when chatham dockyard — and the royal naval cookery school — closed and the army had spare [ability] to offer , all three services have based their catering schools there , operated on an entirely separate basis with the army as landlord .

However , most of the production capacity was still in place during the 1990/91 period covered by the survey and in any case the majority of production was destined for the home market .
however , most of the production [ability] was still in place during the 1990/91 period covered by the survey and in any case the majority of production was destined for the home market .

As a consequence , undergraduate teaching laboratories operated close to maximum capacity throughout the year .
as a consequence , undergraduate teaching laboratories operated close to maximum [ability] throughout the year .

Traditionally , the firm 's accounts were based on ledger cards running on a mechanical accounting machine which worked flat out from morning until night The sheer volume of work restricted the capacity to process data efficiently .
traditionally , the firm 's accounts were based on ledger cards running on a mechanical accounting machine which worked flat out from morning until night the sheer volume of work restricted the [ability] to process data efficiently .

Hubbard Refrigeration has launched an upright cabinet , two door freezer , manufactured by Scotsman , which has a capacity of 620 litres and is gastronorm compatible .
hubbard refrigeration has launched an upright cabinet , two door freezer , manufactured by scotsman , which has a [ability] of 620 litres and is gastronorm compatible .

The compact cabinet has an internal storage capacity of 4.4 cu ft and is suitable for ward kitchens , pubs , clubs and other smaller catering outlets .
the compact cabinet has an internal storage [ability] of 4.4 cu ft and is suitable for ward kitchens , pubs , clubs and other smaller catering outlets .

The housing proposals will generate some additional traffic but not on a scale which would cause capacity or safety problems .
the housing proposals will generate some additional traffic but not on a scale which would cause [ability] or safety problems .

Lothian Regional Council 's Policy and Resources Committee on the 20th October , recommended that ‘ the Council be party to the legal action against Professor Littlechild , in his capacity of Electricity Regulator … ’
lothian regional council 's policy and resources committee on the 20th october , recommended that ‘ the council be party to the legal action against professor littlechild , in his [ability] of electricity regulator … ’

2281/92 ) therefore represents a minor increase in capacity from 23 to 28 houses for Phase 2 .
2281/92 ) therefore represents a minor increase in [ability] from 23 to 28 houses for phase 2 .

However , to attain the required completions , the capacity of the overall available land supply should be in excess of a minimum five years supply at all times , or at least future supplies should be assured to reduce uncertainties .
however , to attain the required completions , the [ability] of the overall available land supply should be in excess of a minimum five years supply at all times , or at least future supplies should be assured to reduce uncertainties .

As there is a limit to the number of houses which can be sold in a particular area each year , new land allocations should have a total capacity in excess of the requirement .
as there is a limit to the number of houses which can be sold in a particular area each year , new land allocations should have a total [ability] in excess of the requirement .

Land with a total capacity of 5,600 dwellings will therefore be allocated .
land with a total [ability] of 5,600 dwellings will therefore be allocated .

The calculations were not based ‘ on the lowest expectations of demand ’ , but prudently forecast the scale , character and capacity of the market .
the calculations were not based ‘ on the lowest expectations of demand ’ , but prudently forecast the scale , character and [ability] of the market .

the knock-back effects on closures and capacity reductions in schools elsewhere , is such that school capacities will be exceeded and excessive resource commitment precipitated .
the knock-back effects on closures and [ability] reductions in schools elsewhere , is such that school capacities will be exceeded and excessive resource commitment precipitated .

Whereas the way now seems clear for development at Colt Hill between now and 1995/96 , despite the lack of schools capacity , the two sites owned by the Regional Council , which the Local Plan will reaffirm for housing development ( viz. East Braehead and Listloaning ) , are to be denied until after 1995 ( well after the projected survival of the Regional Council — thereby constraining the prospect of capitalising on the full value of these assets ) .
whereas the way now seems clear for development at colt hill between now and 1995/96 , despite the lack of schools [ability] , the two sites owned by the regional council , which the local plan will reaffirm for housing development ( viz. east braehead and listloaning ) , are to be denied until after 1995 ( well after the projected survival of the regional council — thereby constraining the prospect of capitalising on the full value of these assets ) .

More often she reminds me of our paternal grandmother , plump , practical and down to earth , ruling her household and large family with a shrewd capacity for command , always in an overall , her hair never tidy , her arms often covered in flour , talkative and affectionate .
more often she reminds me of our paternal grandmother , plump , practical and down to earth , ruling her household and large family with a shrewd [ability] for command , always in an overall , her hair never tidy , her arms often covered in flour , talkative and affectionate .

In his capacity for remorse , however , and in realising in Eden that revenge ‘ back on itself recoils ’ he appears more human and still our sympathy lies with him .
in his [ability] for remorse , however , and in realising in eden that revenge ‘ back on itself recoils ’ he appears more human and still our sympathy lies with him .

She entered into technical discussions with the shopkeepers in a way totally beyond the capacity of Owen and Mahmoud , explaining that while she normally wore only French perfume , she was considering experimenting with a combination of French and Arab scents : ‘ une vraie Cairéenne , n'est ce pas ?
she entered into technical discussions with the shopkeepers in a way totally beyond the [ability] of owen and mahmoud , explaining that while she normally wore only french perfume , she was considering experimenting with a combination of french and arab scents : ‘ une vraie cairéenne , n'est ce pas ?

From the bazaars the tale passed via servants into households and thence to the clubs , not so dissimilar from bazaars in their capacity to retail and embellish a story .
from the bazaars the tale passed via servants into households and thence to the clubs , not so dissimilar from bazaars in their [ability] to retail and embellish a story .

Frank Hornby was invited to be a member of this group — like the others also , in his personal capacity .
frank hornby was invited to be a member of this group — like the others also , in his personal [ability] .

the fact that scientific method , in the sense of a critical and sceptical approach to enquiry and a readiness to test hypotheses , enters at many points into so-called arts subjects , and that equally the spirit of speculative enquiry , the exercise of creative imagination and the capacity for making value judgments are important in the activities of the scientist and technologist .
the fact that scientific method , in the sense of a critical and sceptical approach to enquiry and a readiness to test hypotheses , enters at many points into so-called arts subjects , and that equally the spirit of speculative enquiry , the exercise of creative imagination and the [ability] for making value judgments are important in the activities of the scientist and technologist .

This organ , like the ancestral primate foot , evolved the capacity of prehensility — that is , the ability to grasp things — originally , obviously , branches .
this organ , like the ancestral primate foot , evolved the [ability] of prehensility — that is , the ability to grasp things — originally , obviously , branches .

Another important symptom of clinical depression is loss of the capacity to love .
another important symptom of clinical depression is loss of the [ability] to love .

As in the previous instances , this loss of the capacity to love does not originate in a process within the ego as it does in clinical depression but , in the case of the welfare state totalitarianisms , in an externalization of comparable phenomena .
as in the previous instances , this loss of the [ability] to love does not originate in a process within the ego as it does in clinical depression but , in the case of the welfare state totalitarianisms , in an externalization of comparable phenomena .

‘ What 's baffling me , ’ said Amiss , ‘ is the notion of any one of those five having the physical capacity to do this .
‘ what 's baffling me , ’ said amiss , ‘ is the notion of any one of those five having the physical [ability] to do this .

Bureaucratic forms of administration would reduce the state 's capacity to direct the economy effectively .
bureaucratic forms of administration would reduce the state 's [ability] to direct the economy effectively .

This new machine would not be characterized by the ‘ commanding ’ methods of capitalist state officials but by the routines of managers and bookkeepers , ‘ functions which are already within the capacity of the average city dweller ’ ( p. 43 ) .
this new machine would not be characterized by the ‘ commanding ’ methods of capitalist state officials but by the routines of managers and bookkeepers , ‘ functions which are already within the [ability] of the average city dweller ’ ( p. 43 ) .

The mode and relations of production in an economy dominated by a smallholding peasantry strengthen the ability of the bureaucracy to control without strengthening the ability of other political institutions to intervene in a representative capacity .
the mode and relations of production in an economy dominated by a smallholding peasantry strengthen the ability of the bureaucracy to control without strengthening the ability of other political institutions to intervene in a representative [ability] .

They have been found deficient in their prescriptive capacity rather than in their analysis of the social structure of organizations ( of which they say very little ) .
they have been found deficient in their prescriptive [ability] rather than in their analysis of the social structure of organizations ( of which they say very little ) .

Shaking her head over Tracey 's capacity for self-absorption , Loretta reflected that she had not yet made any progress in her attempt to track down Melanie Gandell 's relatives .
shaking her head over tracey 's [ability] for self-absorption , loretta reflected that she had not yet made any progress in her attempt to track down melanie gandell 's relatives .

Most important of all , there 's no attempting to push your existing system beyond its designed capacity .
most important of all , there 's no attempting to push your existing system beyond its designed [ability] .

Both forms were revolutionized in the 1980s by the development and dissemination of new information and communication technologies , such as cable and satellite television , video and the institutionalization of the capacity for total packaging of cultural products .
both forms were revolutionized in the 1980s by the development and dissemination of new information and communication technologies , such as cable and satellite television , video and the institutionalization of the [ability] for total packaging of cultural products .

This ‘ glosses over the real distinctions in the capacity to consume and ignores the low paid , the unemployed , the old ’ ( p.22 ) , though the ubiquity of the culture-ideology of consumerism actually does include everyone ( or , at least , all urban dwellers ) however poor , because no one can escape its images .
this ‘ glosses over the real distinctions in the [ability] to consume and ignores the low paid , the unemployed , the old ’ ( p.22 ) , though the ubiquity of the culture-ideology of consumerism actually does include everyone ( or , at least , all urban dwellers ) however poor , because no one can escape its images .

Consequently , some transnational economic practices have increased the capacity of Third World countries to feed themselves .
consequently , some transnational economic practices have increased the [ability] of third world countries to feed themselves .

In his second capacity , as heir of Warwick 's public role , Gloucester took over the major royal offices which the earl had held in the north .
in his second [ability] , as heir of warwick 's public role , gloucester took over the major royal offices which the earl had held in the north .

The most important was Richard Mynours , who had been a gentleman usher of the prince 's chamber in the mid 1470s and entered Richard 's household in the same capacity .
the most important was richard mynours , who had been a gentleman usher of the prince 's chamber in the mid 1470s and entered richard 's household in the same [ability] .

The normal absorptive capacity of the colon , estimated to be as much as six litres per day , should be able to compensate for significant fluid losses from the small intestine in secretory diarrhoea .
the normal absorptive [ability] of the colon , estimated to be as much as six litres per day , should be able to compensate for significant fluid losses from the small intestine in secretory diarrhoea .

In our model of duodenal adaptive cytoprotection , a normal mucosal capacity to synthesise prostaglandins seems to be a necessary requirement , since pretreatment with indomethacin abolishes the protective response and , conversely , administration of exogenous prostaglandins restores the protection .
in our model of duodenal adaptive cytoprotection , a normal mucosal [ability] to synthesise prostaglandins seems to be a necessary requirement , since pretreatment with indomethacin abolishes the protective response and , conversely , administration of exogenous prostaglandins restores the protection .

The College has seven conference rooms ranging in capacity from thirty to one hundred persons .
the college has seven conference rooms ranging in [ability] from thirty to one hundred persons .

As the Romans turned more and more towards arcuated construction , with the orders used in a decorative capacity there was no such restriction and the columns are sometimes separated by a distance as great as their height .
as the romans turned more and more towards arcuated construction , with the orders used in a decorative [ability] there was no such restriction and the columns are sometimes separated by a distance as great as their height .

Characteristic are those at Miletos , a large theatre seating over 15,000 spectators , Ephesos with a seating capacity of 24,000 and Perge which retains some of its marble thrones and parts of its richly sculptured scene building .
characteristic are those at miletos , a large theatre seating over 15,000 spectators , ephesos with a seating [ability] of 24,000 and perge which retains some of its marble thrones and parts of its richly sculptured scene building .

Even within a single county there could be marked differences in the capacity of the soil to yield particular crops , and in ease of cultivability .
even within a single county there could be marked differences in the [ability] of the soil to yield particular crops , and in ease of cultivability .

William Grindcob at St Albans and Geoffrey Litster in East Norfolk were local leaders as able and articulate as Tyler in Kent and London , and all seem to have had a capacity to maintain discipline .
william grindcob at st albans and geoffrey litster in east norfolk were local leaders as able and articulate as tyler in kent and london , and all seem to have had a [ability] to maintain discipline .

As a leader , Cade was able to maintain discipline among his men , at least until they reached London , and his success in defeating the force sent against him argues that he possessed some military capacity .
as a leader , cade was able to maintain discipline among his men , at least until they reached london , and his success in defeating the force sent against him argues that he possessed some military [ability] .

Although these examples suggest that the French wars did not impoverish England , clearly the inflow of bullion was not directed into economic developments which increased the country 's productive capacity .
although these examples suggest that the french wars did not impoverish england , clearly the inflow of bullion was not directed into economic developments which increased the country 's productive [ability] .

One explanation for the different susceptibilities is the different capacity of macrophages and lymphocytes to confer resistance .
one explanation for the different susceptibilities is the different [ability] of macrophages and lymphocytes to confer resistance .

The business in the example , it should be pointed out , is likely to be a retailer as there is no manufacturing capacity in the fixed assets and thus an opportunity is provided for the teacher to explore with the students the expected differences in the structure of assets and liabilities between different industries .
the business in the example , it should be pointed out , is likely to be a retailer as there is no manufacturing [ability] in the fixed assets and thus an opportunity is provided for the teacher to explore with the students the expected differences in the structure of assets and liabilities between different industries .

Clean-it Plc makes washing machines and with its existing plant capacity the maximum production possible is 1,000 units per year .
clean-it plc makes washing machines and with its existing plant [ability] the maximum production possible is 1,000 units per year .

— Capacity is available .
— [ability] is available .

The company 's current output is 40,000 units per month , which represents 90 % of the company 's productive capacity .
the company 's current output is 40,000 units per month , which represents 90 % of the company 's productive [ability] .

Check on the number of units that can be manufactured at full capacity :
check on the number of units that can be manufactured at full [ability] :

Capacity at 90% = 40,000 units ; therefore 100% capacity is equal to 40,000 × 100÷90 = 44,444 units [ to the nearest round number ] .
[ability] at 90% = 40,000 units ; therefore 100% [ability] is equal to 40,000 × 100÷90 = 44,444 units [ to the nearest round number ] .

Therefore the company could increase their capacity by another 4,444 units if they 80 wished .
therefore the company could increase their [ability] by another 4,444 units if they 80 wished .

The company , due to its limited capacity , can only make 4,444 additional units . Assuming that Noxid will only accept a contract for not less 5,000 pocket calculators Calculators Plc can :
the company , due to its limited [ability] , can only make 4,444 additional units . assuming that noxid will only accept a contract for not less 5,000 pocket calculators calculators plc can :

It should be noted that there is possibly another option , that is for the company to increase its capacity .
it should be noted that there is possibly another option , that is for the company to increase its [ability] .

The Board of Directors are very disappointed with this budget , view of the research and development costs already incurred of £20,000 and the need to make use of the spare capacity in the factory .
the board of directors are very disappointed with this budget , view of the research and development costs already incurred of £20,000 and the need to make use of the spare [ability] in the factory .

Available space is often the cause of restricting the number of machines that can be installed in a factory and thereby the production capacity .
available space is often the cause of restricting the number of machines that can be installed in a factory and thereby the production [ability] .

* The opportunity cost of the use of spare capacity .
* the opportunity cost of the use of spare [ability] .

Exercise capacity and oxygen consumption are reduced , and the response to physical activity is impaired .
exercise [ability] and oxygen consumption are reduced , and the response to physical activity is impaired .

He believed that the human capacity for moral , social , and political adaptation had been stretched to its limit in the first century of the Industrial Revolution and fatally outstripped since .
he believed that the human [ability] for moral , social , and political adaptation had been stretched to its limit in the first century of the industrial revolution and fatally outstripped since .

Much less at ease with others or with herself , far less pragmatic ; she had wanted to meet the world on her own terms — and still did , though her capacity for acceptance was growing .
much less at ease with others or with herself , far less pragmatic ; she had wanted to meet the world on her own terms — and still did , though her [ability] for acceptance was growing .

The public good in question is not a pure public good ( see chapter 4 ) but one whereby congestion costs are experienced as capacity levels are reached .
the public good in question is not a pure public good ( see chapter 4 ) but one whereby congestion costs are experienced as [ability] levels are reached .

However , a given locality may be responsible for the provision of more than one local public good , and local public goods will differ according to their capacity limits and the congestion costs thereby created .
however , a given locality may be responsible for the provision of more than one local public good , and local public goods will differ according to their [ability] limits and the congestion costs thereby created .

This is because the wealth base recognizes the additional economic power and hence taxable capacity offered by wealth ownership , even if no money income is derived , as for example with the ownership of jewels , or where an identical money income is secured from two very different capital values .
this is because the wealth base recognizes the additional economic power and hence taxable [ability] offered by wealth ownership , even if no money income is derived , as for example with the ownership of jewels , or where an identical money income is secured from two very different capital values .

One clue unfinished in a Listener puzzle , and he would strain the capacity of every last brain-cell to bursting point until he had solved it .
one clue unfinished in a listener puzzle , and he would strain the [ability] of every last brain-cell to bursting point until he had solved it .

But during this period , in order that the school 's reputation remain intact , he should be taken on in some capacity and paid a salary , that of a youth employment officer 's assistant , for example .
but during this period , in order that the school 's reputation remain intact , he should be taken on in some [ability] and paid a salary , that of a youth employment officer 's assistant , for example .

If at any stage during formatting a module is larger than the residual page capacity of a volume , a new volume will be opened and the old one will be closed .
if at any stage during formatting a module is larger than the residual page [ability] of a volume , a new volume will be opened and the old one will be closed .

The number of modules larger than free volume space specifies the number of modules found to be larger than the residual page capacity of a volume .
the number of modules larger than free volume space specifies the number of modules found to be larger than the residual page [ability] of a volume .

As an estimate to magnetic tape capacity , use the calculation
as an estimate to magnetic tape [ability] , use the calculation

Yet he remained disgustingly cheerful and unputdownable , and his capacity for what he called warm , flat , sloppy Southern beer was legendary .
yet he remained disgustingly cheerful and unputdownable , and his [ability] for what he called warm , flat , sloppy southern beer was legendary .

She was `` roving ambassador `` during the years 1950-54 in both President Truman 's and President Eisenhower 's terms of office , and in this capacity attended the Queen 's coronation in 1953 .
she was `` roving ambassador `` during the years 1950-54 in both president truman 's and president eisenhower 's terms of office , and in this [ability] attended the queen 's coronation in 1953 .

For example , molar heat capacity is an example of a thermodynamic molar quantity .
for example , molar heat [ability] is an example of a thermodynamic molar quantity .

Energy is the capacity to do work .
energy is the [ability] to do work .

The specific heat capacity of a substance is the energy required to raise the temperature of one kilogram of the substance by one kelvin .
the specific heat [ability] of a substance is the energy required to raise the temperature of one kilogram of the substance by one kelvin .

The molar heat capacity of a substance is the energy required to raise the temperature of one mole of the substance by one kelvin . It is denoted Cm
the molar heat [ability] of a substance is the energy required to raise the temperature of one mole of the substance by one kelvin . it is denoted cm

The heat capacity of this is negligible and so the term Cvessel in equation ( 5 ) can be ignored .
the heat [ability] of this is negligible and so the term cvessel in equation ( 5 ) can be ignored .

Since the heat capacity of the calorimeter is negligible we can use equation ( 6 ) .
since the heat [ability] of the calorimeter is negligible we can use equation ( 6 ) .

This is an approximate calculation so we can assume that the density and specific heat capacity of the reaction mixture are the same as that for water .
this is an approximate calculation so we can assume that the density and specific heat [ability] of the reaction mixture are the same as that for water .

In effect , since energy is the capacity for doing work , all energy may be considered to be stored energy .
in effect , since energy is the [ability] for doing work , all energy may be considered to be stored energy .

Politics today seems to be a subordination to the judgement of others — ; ‘ citizens collectively exercise political authority over themselves in their capacity as private individuals ’ .
politics today seems to be a subordination to the judgement of others — ; ‘ citizens collectively exercise political authority over themselves in their [ability] as private individuals ’ .

Democratic autonomy seeks to redress this state of affairs by creating opportunities for people to establish themselves ‘ in their capacity as being citizens ’ .
democratic autonomy seeks to redress this state of affairs by creating opportunities for people to establish themselves ‘ in their [ability] as being citizens ’ .

Douglas Reyburn , while running at full capacity , has also remained flexible , dealing with special orders in addition to bulk trials of development work .
douglas reyburn , while running at full [ability] , has also remained flexible , dealing with special orders in addition to bulk trials of development work .

Although floor space has beed reduced by about one third , loss of overall production capacity has been minimal .
although floor space has beed reduced by about one third , loss of overall production [ability] has been minimal .

The backing plant , already improved beyond recognition , is to be given an upgraded main drive for the latex applicator , and the cutting table already mentioned is to be upgraded to result in a 25% increase in the cut length capacity .
the backing plant , already improved beyond recognition , is to be given an upgraded main drive for the latex applicator , and the cutting table already mentioned is to be upgraded to result in a 25% increase in the cut length [ability] .

Many eastern states are near the end of their landfill capacity .
many eastern states are near the end of their landfill [ability] .

But new standards and technology are not the only reason for higher costs : another is simply that waste volumes are outgrowing local capacity to deal with them , especially in eastern areas .
but new standards and technology are not the only reason for higher costs : another is simply that waste volumes are outgrowing local [ability] to deal with them , especially in eastern areas .

If , however , domestic demand continues to grow faster than capacity , governments must , it says , stand ready to tighten up further .
if , however , domestic demand continues to grow faster than [ability] , governments must , it says , stand ready to tighten up further .

With both economies close to capacity there is no room for a further stimulus .
with both economies close to [ability] there is no room for a further stimulus .

‘ This presentation is one of the most rewarding and enjoyable in my capacity as Chief Executive ’ said Ralph Ellis when presenting Long Service Awards to employees with 40 years and 25 years loyal service to the company .
‘ this presentation is one of the most rewarding and enjoyable in my [ability] as chief executive ’ said ralph ellis when presenting long service awards to employees with 40 years and 25 years loyal service to the company .

For development purposes , one of the old cards will not be removed , its small capacity being used for trails and experimental work .
for development purposes , one of the old cards will not be removed , its small [ability] being used for trails and experimental work .

New small capacity dye vats and the repositioning of a bank scouring machine are also developments in the pipeline that make Douglas Reyburn a company confident of its future in a competitive market .
new small [ability] dye vats and the repositioning of a bank scouring machine are also developments in the pipeline that make douglas reyburn a company confident of its future in a competitive market .

It is used to transport carpets between the two companies and to make special deliveries to important customers in Milton Keynes , given its capacity load of fifty rolls .
it is used to transport carpets between the two companies and to make special deliveries to important customers in milton keynes , given its [ability] load of fifty rolls .

Capacity alone has already increased by over 30 per cent .
[ability] alone has already increased by over 30 per cent .

Financial status ratios indicate the financial position of the company and distinguish between solvency ( that is , the ability of a company to meet its financial obligations as they become due ) and liquidity ( that is , the ability of a company to meet its short-term liabilities ) , and between long-term and short-term capacity to meet liabilities .
financial status ratios indicate the financial position of the company and distinguish between solvency ( that is , the ability of a company to meet its financial obligations as they become due ) and liquidity ( that is , the ability of a company to meet its short-term liabilities ) , and between long-term and short-term [ability] to meet liabilities .

If a contract is for a fixed price , the engineer 's capacity for controlling costs may be limited to minimizing the number and size of variations .
if a contract is for a fixed price , the engineer 's [ability] for controlling costs may be limited to minimizing the number and size of variations .

Bacteria in the root nodules of legumes ( Rhizobium ) have the capacity to fix nitrogen from the air , which then becomes available for use by the host plant in the form of ammonium compounds .
bacteria in the root nodules of legumes ( rhizobium ) have the [ability] to fix nitrogen from the air , which then becomes available for use by the host plant in the form of ammonium compounds .

Unfortunately , it is not yet possible to transfer this capacity for a symbiotic relationship between the host plant and rhizobia to crops other than legumes .
unfortunately , it is not yet possible to transfer this [ability] for a symbiotic relationship between the host plant and rhizobia to crops other than legumes .

Sugar beet might be given the capacity to produce new amino-acids of value to man which could be extracted at the same time as the sugar .
sugar beet might be given the [ability] to produce new amino-acids of value to man which could be extracted at the same time as the sugar .

This is because our friends do not possess the capacity to project into the future or understand concepts .
this is because our friends do not possess the [ability] to project into the future or understand concepts .

Nuclear capacity
nuclear [ability]

During the visit , which he made in his capacity as President of the European Council of the European Communities , he addressed a conference of the Institute of Directors .
during the visit , which he made in his [ability] as president of the european council of the european communities , he addressed a conference of the institute of directors .

Statement by Hussein on Iraqi nuclear and chemical capacity
statement by hussein on iraqi nuclear and chemical [ability]

Industrial output for January showed a drop of 1.2 per cent and only 81.9 per cent of industrial capacity was in use .
industrial output for january showed a drop of 1.2 per cent and only 81.9 per cent of industrial [ability] was in use .

Increase in bank interest rates — Increased oil export capacity
increase in bank interest rates — increased oil export [ability]

Havel , who had been elected in December 1989 to serve in an interim capacity [ see p. 37107 ] , was the sole candidate ; a number of other individuals had been disqualified , not having been nominated by parliamentary deputies , while Stefan Kvietik , nominated by the Slovak National Party , had withdrawn .
havel , who had been elected in december 1989 to serve in an interim [ability] [ see p. 37107 ] , was the sole candidate ; a number of other individuals had been disqualified , not having been nominated by parliamentary deputies , while stefan kvietik , nominated by the slovak national party , had withdrawn .

Lt.-Gen. Sanni Abacha had been Chief of Army Staff , in which capacity he was replaced by Maj.-Gen. Salihu Ibrahim .
lt.-gen. sanni abacha had been chief of army staff , in which [ability] he was replaced by maj.-gen. salihu ibrahim .

In the course of his visit , his first to Portugal since 1975 ( when Angola 's independence agreement was signed — see pp. 26973-75 ) , Savimbi held discussions with President Soares and with Prime Minister Aníbal Cavaço Silva — the latter in his capacity as leader of Portugal 's ruling Social Democratic Party and not as head of government .
in the course of his visit , his first to portugal since 1975 ( when angola 's independence agreement was signed — see pp. 26973-75 ) , savimbi held discussions with president soares and with prime minister aníbal cavaço silva — the latter in his [ability] as leader of portugal 's ruling social democratic party and not as head of government .

In response Lúder had given a disciplinary `` warning `` to Cáceres which Menem , in his capacity as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces , had refused formally to endorse .
in response lúder had given a disciplinary `` warning `` to cáceres which menem , in his [ability] as commander-in-chief of the armed forces , had refused formally to endorse .

It had a designated capacity of around 1,100,000 tonnes of steel a year , of which about half was destined for domestic use and the rest for export .
it had a designated [ability] of around 1,100,000 tonnes of steel a year , of which about half was destined for domestic use and the rest for export .

In November the Industrial Development Consortium , based in Dubai ( United Arab Emirates ) , which included the construction firms Wimpey and Asea Brown Boveri , announced plans to build an aluminium smelting plant at a cost of dollars 1,000 million with an annual capacity of 220,000 tonnes in Arzew , about 325 km west of Algiers , beginning in late 1990 .
in november the industrial development consortium , based in dubai ( united arab emirates ) , which included the construction firms wimpey and asea brown boveri , announced plans to build an aluminium smelting plant at a cost of dollars 1,000 million with an annual [ability] of 220,000 tonnes in arzew , about 325 km west of algiers , beginning in late 1990 .

Lt.-Gen. Sanni Abacha had been Chief of Army Staff , in which capacity he was replaced by Maj.-Gen. Salihu Ibrahim .
lt.-gen. sanni abacha had been chief of army staff , in which [ability] he was replaced by maj.-gen. salihu ibrahim .

Lee was confirmed as chairman of the Kuomintang at its 13th national congress held in early July 1988 [ see p. 36871 ] ; he had held the post in an acting capacity since Chiang 's death .
lee was confirmed as chairman of the kuomintang at its 13th national congress held in early july 1988 [ see p. 36871 ] ; he had held the post in an acting [ability] since chiang 's death .

It was expected that the airport would be capable of handling 80,000,000 passengers a year , while the port extensions would increase fivefold the colony 's present cargo handling capacity .
it was expected that the airport would be capable of handling 80,000,000 passengers a year , while the port extensions would increase fivefold the colony 's present cargo handling [ability] .

Mircha Snegur , hitherto de facto president in his capacity as Chair of the Moldavian Supreme Soviet , was elected unopposed to the new post .
mircha snegur , hitherto de facto president in his [ability] as chair of the moldavian supreme soviet , was elected unopposed to the new post .

In a further development on March 22 Lal , in his capacity as chairman of Janata Dal 's parliamentary board , dismissed Ajit Singh from his post as party secretary-general .
in a further development on march 22 lal , in his [ability] as chairman of janata dal 's parliamentary board , dismissed ajit singh from his post as party secretary-general .

This , together with the closeness of the result ( which meant that the distribution of preference and postal votes was particularly significant ) , ensured that the final outcome of the election remained in doubt for several days after polling , during which time Hawke continued as Prime Minister in a caretaker capacity .
this , together with the closeness of the result ( which meant that the distribution of preference and postal votes was particularly significant ) , ensured that the final outcome of the election remained in doubt for several days after polling , during which time hawke continued as prime minister in a caretaker [ability] .

Despite the impact of the discount rate rise , which caused the dollar to fall in value , concerns were expressed on the international markets that a weak yen and high rates of domestic investment would mean an increase in Japan 's export capacity which would detrimentally affect global trade balances .
despite the impact of the discount rate rise , which caused the dollar to fall in value , concerns were expressed on the international markets that a weak yen and high rates of domestic investment would mean an increase in japan 's export [ability] which would detrimentally affect global trade balances .

The industrial sector 's level of `` mobilization of output `` ran at 50-60 per cent of potential capacity .
the industrial sector 's level of `` mobilization of output `` ran at 50-60 per cent of potential [ability] .

Despite granting `` autonomy `` to many state-owned factories and restoring 69 factories to the private sector , shortages of electricity , raw materials and spare parts meant that many factories could produce only at half their potential capacity .
despite granting `` autonomy `` to many state-owned factories and restoring 69 factories to the private sector , shortages of electricity , raw materials and spare parts meant that many factories could produce only at half their potential [ability] .

6. counter stereotyping of people and religions , and develop the capacity to discern the real from the sham , the inner meaning from the external expression , the central from the peripheral .
6. counter stereotyping of people and religions , and develop the [ability] to discern the real from the sham , the inner meaning from the external expression , the central from the peripheral .

Imaginative teaching is not what in the end matters — it is developing in pupils their capacity for imagination that counts .
imaginative teaching is not what in the end matters — it is developing in pupils their [ability] for imagination that counts .

Imaginative teaching does not necessarily produce the capacity for imagination in pupils .
imaginative teaching does not necessarily produce the [ability] for imagination in pupils .

Why , however , is it important that pupils ' capacity for imagination is developed in order to understand religion ?
why , however , is it important that pupils ' [ability] for imagination is developed in order to understand religion ?

The capacity for this use of imagination is closely related to attitudes of mind .
the [ability] for this use of imagination is closely related to attitudes of mind .

Imagination is the capacity to make links and to see links — it is not discontinuous with reality , but is a way of understanding what really is there if only we can see it .
imagination is the [ability] to make links and to see links — it is not discontinuous with reality , but is a way of understanding what really is there if only we can see it .

Her conclusions destroy the credibility of Goldman 's research based upon Piaget 's work with regard to his denial of children 's capacity to handle such concepts before the age of 11 or 12 .
her conclusions destroy the credibility of goldman 's research based upon piaget 's work with regard to his denial of children 's [ability] to handle such concepts before the age of 11 or 12 .

The examples given in Table 6.1 refer to the kind of experience well within the capacity potentially of everyone , and may be so much accepted as part of everyday life as to go unnoticed .
the examples given in table 6.1 refer to the kind of experience well within the [ability] potentially of everyone , and may be so much accepted as part of everyday life as to go unnoticed .

There are many other reasons for giving careful thought to developing children 's capacity for reflective thinking :
there are many other reasons for giving careful thought to developing children 's [ability] for reflective thinking :

Only thus , in fact , can over-pressurizing of the young be avoided — by developing their capacity to be able to think effectively for themselves .
only thus , in fact , can over-pressurizing of the young be avoided — by developing their [ability] to be able to think effectively for themselves .

The short answer to this question is no : it is not something which demands special intellectual capacity .
the short answer to this question is no : it is not something which demands special intellectual [ability] .

The capacity to make sophisticated discernment in thought-processes is within the grasp of almost everyone and constantly demonstrated in everyday life .
the [ability] to make sophisticated discernment in thought-processes is within the grasp of almost everyone and constantly demonstrated in everyday life .

This applies profoundly to pupils ' capacity for reflective thinking .
this applies profoundly to pupils ' [ability] for reflective thinking .

This concerns the capacity to discern how far the content of a belief is positive as opposed to negative , and how far this promotes engagement with people rather than indifference to them or denial of them as persons .
this concerns the [ability] to discern how far the content of a belief is positive as opposed to negative , and how far this promotes engagement with people rather than indifference to them or denial of them as persons .

" We know we are right " : the capacity for categorical assertion within religions
" we know we are right " : the [ability] for categorical assertion within religions

One of the things which religions have in common , as John Taylor , the then Bishop of Winchester , noted , is `` the capacity for categorical assertion `` : `` It is the nature of religious experience to put into the believers ' hands a key which is absolute and irreducible .
one of the things which religions have in common , as john taylor , the then bishop of winchester , noted , is `` the [ability] for categorical assertion `` : `` it is the nature of religious experience to put into the believers ' hands a key which is absolute and irreducible .

This awareness of the need for reform , and the capacity for renewal , is linked to an increasing appreciation of the limitations of `` religion `` itself .
this awareness of the need for reform , and the [ability] for renewal , is linked to an increasing appreciation of the limitations of `` religion `` itself .

Prior to the reform , dealing in government securities had taken place on the floor of the London Stock Exchange between brokers ( acting on behalf of clients in an agency capacity ) and jobbers ( acting on their own behalf as principals ) .
prior to the reform , dealing in government securities had taken place on the floor of the london stock exchange between brokers ( acting on behalf of clients in an agency [ability] ) and jobbers ( acting on their own behalf as principals ) .

The most significant of the changes was the ending of single capacity with its sharp demarcation between the function of broker and that of jobber and the creation of a number of gilt-edged market makers ( GEMMs ) able to act in the dual capacity of broker and dealer .
the most significant of the changes was the ending of single [ability] with its sharp demarcation between the function of broker and that of jobber and the creation of a number of gilt-edged market makers ( gemms ) able to act in the dual [ability] of broker and dealer .

Access to the inter-dealer brokers in gilts ( to be distinguished from the different IDBs that act in a similar capacity in the equity market ) is restricted to GEMMs .
access to the inter-dealer brokers in gilts ( to be distinguished from the different idbs that act in a similar [ability] in the equity market ) is restricted to gemms .

Despite the relative tranquillity of Siberia and the European north , coping with the frontier zones as a whole significantly reduced the imperial regime 's capacity for taking decisive action in international affairs .
despite the relative tranquillity of siberia and the european north , coping with the frontier zones as a whole significantly reduced the imperial regime 's [ability] for taking decisive action in international affairs .

In other words , they felt more confident about their capacity to deal with the tsar than at any point since the end of the 1820s .
in other words , they felt more confident about their [ability] to deal with the tsar than at any point since the end of the 1820s .

The provincial gentry 's disunity reduced their capacity to obstruct the work of the Ministry of Internal Affairs .
the provincial gentry 's disunity reduced their [ability] to obstruct the work of the ministry of internal affairs .

Their independence reduced the executive 's capacity for interfering in the legal process .
their independence reduced the executive 's [ability] for interfering in the legal process .

These tendencies have entailed certain structural problems — the market suffers from excess capacity ( see section 5.3 ) , with many eurobond operations unable to make profits on turnover averaged over the interest rate cycle .
these tendencies have entailed certain structural problems — the market suffers from excess [ability] ( see section 5.3 ) , with many eurobond operations unable to make profits on turnover averaged over the interest rate cycle .

They have , in effect , invested in excess capacity , though whether this was deliberate or accidental is harder to judge .
they have , in effect , invested in excess [ability] , though whether this was deliberate or accidental is harder to judge .

This final section identifies some key issues relating to the future of the eurobond market — patterns of borrowing and the issue of convergence — and its location in London — regulation and excess capacity .
this final section identifies some key issues relating to the future of the eurobond market — patterns of borrowing and the issue of convergence — and its location in london — regulation and excess [ability] .

5.3.4 Excess capacity
5.3.4 excess [ability]

As noted in section 5.2 , the emergence of excess capacity in bond ( and equity ) markets located in London has been a notable feature of recent years .
as noted in section 5.2 , the emergence of excess [ability] in bond ( and equity ) markets located in london has been a notable feature of recent years .

For a while after the emergence of excess capacity , a number of firms , particularly some large domestic and international conglomerates with diversified operations , appeared willing to continue loss-making securities operations .
for a while after the emergence of excess [ability] , a number of firms , particularly some large domestic and international conglomerates with diversified operations , appeared willing to continue loss-making securities operations .

They have responded to excess capacity in a variety of ways , but generally by seeking to concentrate on their perceived areas of expertise .
they have responded to excess [ability] in a variety of ways , but generally by seeking to concentrate on their perceived areas of expertise .

As noted , eurobond firms are seeking to reform issuance procedures in a bid to reduce the current pressures on profitability , one underlying cause of which has been excess capacity .
as noted , eurobond firms are seeking to reform issuance procedures in a bid to reduce the current pressures on profitability , one underlying cause of which has been excess [ability] .

It was no disgrace to a great nobleman to serve even in a junior capacity in a good regiment .
it was no disgrace to a great nobleman to serve even in a junior [ability] in a good regiment .

They did not travel to Tibet to seek enlightenment in high places and in an alien culture — though one at least knew the capacity of the literal pilgrimage journey to trigger an existential experience of this power , and they all believed some kind of solitude and withdrawal from the normal conditions of social life to be an enabler of such knowledge .
they did not travel to tibet to seek enlightenment in high places and in an alien culture — though one at least knew the [ability] of the literal pilgrimage journey to trigger an existential experience of this power , and they all believed some kind of solitude and withdrawal from the normal conditions of social life to be an enabler of such knowledge .

It involves the completion of all partiality , the overcoming of all senses of alienation and it brings a fulfilment of desire for the good and the beautiful beyond the capacity of human understanding .
it involves the completion of all partiality , the overcoming of all senses of alienation and it brings a fulfilment of desire for the good and the beautiful beyond the [ability] of human understanding .

The process of the recognition of the self 's capacity to sin but also to engage with the strength of the leaping God which enables it to make good its losses , is ritually enacted in the sacrament of penance .
the process of the recognition of the self 's [ability] to sin but also to engage with the strength of the leaping god which enables it to make good its losses , is ritually enacted in the sacrament of penance .

This runs freely at the end of the lyric composition as finally the speaker explicitly asserts his capacity to sing for love .
this runs freely at the end of the lyric composition as finally the speaker explicitly asserts his [ability] to sing for love .

This involves responsible self-knowledge ; not a striving after a spirituality which may not be appropriate to one 's particular capacity , but a creative inner process .
this involves responsible self-knowledge ; not a striving after a spirituality which may not be appropriate to one 's particular [ability] , but a creative inner process .

Theologically trained readers of his time would recognise a background of scholarly debate on whether it is primarily through man 's intellect or capacity to love , that the soul engages with God , and they would be able to acknowledge Hilton 's synthesis of understanding and desire .
theologically trained readers of his time would recognise a background of scholarly debate on whether it is primarily through man 's intellect or [ability] to love , that the soul engages with god , and they would be able to acknowledge hilton 's synthesis of understanding and desire .

Mind or memory is that total creative capacity for consciousness , which also contains that which is below the level of immediate recognition — man 's full potential for knowledge , which is like God himself It is the theatre of human integrity which involves the other two faculties , `` resoun `` and `` will `` . ``
mind or memory is that total creative [ability] for consciousness , which also contains that which is below the level of immediate recognition — man 's full potential for knowledge , which is like god himself it is the theatre of human integrity which involves the other two faculties , `` resoun `` and `` will `` . ``

Their natural capacity to achieve self-knowledge ( hence the stress on recognising the image of sin in Scale 1 ) enables them to receive what feels like a gift of freedom from the pressures of the destructive impulses in the self , and a personal inner experience of the God .
their natural [ability] to achieve self-knowledge ( hence the stress on recognising the image of sin in scale 1 ) enables them to receive what feels like a gift of freedom from the pressures of the destructive impulses in the self , and a personal inner experience of the god .

Man is rational ; and they tended to see the one capacity as closely related to the other .
man is rational ; and they tended to see the one [ability] as closely related to the other .

The question whether a capacity for error reflects our divine intelligence or is , as the theologians would have us believe , an invention of the flesh and the Devil is by no means a trivial issue of medieval scholasticism .
the question whether a [ability] for error reflects our divine intelligence or is , as the theologians would have us believe , an invention of the flesh and the devil is by no means a trivial issue of medieval scholasticism .

It is no doubt all to the good that we should rid ourselves of the delusion that our mortal bodies are inhabited by immortal souls , but , in claiming to be human beings , we are asserting our capacity for exercising moral choice and that implies moral responsibility .
it is no doubt all to the good that we should rid ourselves of the delusion that our mortal bodies are inhabited by immortal souls , but , in claiming to be human beings , we are asserting our [ability] for exercising moral choice and that implies moral responsibility .

We expect , or say that we expect , that individuals will be appointed to social offices of all kinds in their individual capacity and on the basis of their individual merit .
we expect , or say that we expect , that individuals will be appointed to social offices of all kinds in their individual [ability] and on the basis of their individual merit .

We should act only in a professional or agency capacity in connection with negotiations ( ie not as principal ) and the client for whom we are acting should be clearly identified .
we should act only in a professional or agency [ability] in connection with negotiations ( ie not as principal ) and the client for whom we are acting should be clearly identified .

In this way we will improve our capacity to produce innovative solutions to problems and to offer practical options and timely answers to our clients .
in this way we will improve our [ability] to produce innovative solutions to problems and to offer practical options and timely answers to our clients .

Giving , or offering or agreeing to give to persons in their capacity as investors or potential investors advice on the merits of their purchasing , selling , subscribing for or underwriting an investment , or exercising any right conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .
giving , or offering or agreeing to give to persons in their [ability] as investors or potential investors advice on the merits of their purchasing , selling , subscribing for or underwriting an investment , or exercising any right conferred by an investment to acquire , dispose of , underwrite or convert an investment .

directors , officers and employees of such bodies whilst acting in their professional capacity , whose employment involves them in investment business activities .
directors , officers and employees of such bodies whilst acting in their professional [ability] , whose employment involves them in investment business activities .

It does not , for example , cover experienced investors acting in their personal capacity .
it does not , for example , cover experienced investors acting in their personal [ability] .

Capacity and other resource constraints which may limit the target 's ability to respond to increases in demand .
[ability] and other resource constraints which may limit the target 's ability to respond to increases in demand .

Authority and capacity of the seller .
authority and [ability] of the seller .

Care should be taken when undertaking a valuation for a minority shareholder in situations where the firm acts in another capacity for the entity itself .
care should be taken when undertaking a valuation for a minority shareholder in situations where the firm acts in another [ability] for the entity itself .

We should normally act only in a professional or agency capacity in connection with negotiations ( ie not as principal ) and the client for whom we are acting should be clearly identified .
we should normally act only in a professional or agency [ability] in connection with negotiations ( ie not as principal ) and the client for whom we are acting should be clearly identified .

We shall if you request , negotiate in the capacity of professional advisers on your behalf within pre-agreed negotiating parameters or instructions .
we shall if you request , negotiate in the [ability] of professional advisers on your behalf within pre-agreed negotiating parameters or instructions .

Owing to the Group 's unique development without a manufacturing capacity there are no directly comparable quoted companies , but those chosen are all involved in retailing and manufacturing home improvement products .
owing to the group 's unique development without a manufacturing [ability] there are no directly comparable quoted companies , but those chosen are all involved in retailing and manufacturing home improvement products .

We shall if you request , negotiate in the capacity of professional advisers on your behalf within pre-agreed negotiating parameters or instructions but it is our policy not to take decisions on your behalf .
we shall if you request , negotiate in the [ability] of professional advisers on your behalf within pre-agreed negotiating parameters or instructions but it is our policy not to take decisions on your behalf .

But as yet , however , much less attention has been given to an equally crucial dimension of local government activity — its capacity to actually achieve its policy intentions .
but as yet , however , much less attention has been given to an equally crucial dimension of local government activity — its [ability] to actually achieve its policy intentions .

The gulf between intentions and capacity to achieve these intentions can become considerable .
the gulf between intentions and [ability] to achieve these intentions can become considerable .

Recent developments in micro-computer technology have not only allowed large storage capacity for data to be made available cheaply , but also greatly enhanced the processing power of these machines .
recent developments in micro-computer technology have not only allowed large storage [ability] for data to be made available cheaply , but also greatly enhanced the processing power of these machines .

The research concerns one central question : how far do personnel functions , and the assumptions about the employment relation underlying them , affect firms ' capacity to innovate .
the research concerns one central question : how far do personnel functions , and the assumptions about the employment relation underlying them , affect firms ' [ability] to innovate .

Beyond these direct consequences such labs have implications for the long term development of the host-country 's scientific capacity and capability .
beyond these direct consequences such labs have implications for the long term development of the host-country 's scientific [ability] and capability .

only economic factors are included as determinants of debt-servicing capacity ; social and political influences are ignored ,
only economic factors are included as determinants of debt-servicing [ability] ; social and political influences are ignored ,

This study aims to analyse the factors which have shaped the scientific and technical research capacity of the Irish Republic since Partition .
this study aims to analyse the factors which have shaped the scientific and technical research [ability] of the irish republic since partition .

This revisit study provides an opportunity to examine whether these trends have continued , and with what effects upon the capacity of families to accumulate or at least manage their survival .
this revisit study provides an opportunity to examine whether these trends have continued , and with what effects upon the [ability] of families to accumulate or at least manage their survival .

Three aspects of teachers ' knowledge will be analysed : i ) knowledge of the subject being taught ; ii ) capacity to represent it in a variety of appropriate ways related to the knowledge and experience of the type of pupils to whom it was taught ; and iii ) knowledge and understanding of the relevant pedagogy .
three aspects of teachers ' knowledge will be analysed : i ) knowledge of the subject being taught ; ii ) [ability] to represent it in a variety of appropriate ways related to the knowledge and experience of the type of pupils to whom it was taught ; and iii ) knowledge and understanding of the relevant pedagogy .

Linguistic knowledge and processing capacity in second language learning
linguistic knowledge and processing [ability] in second language learning

To what extent is it ‘ written in ’ to our mental capacity ?
to what extent is it ‘ written in ’ to our mental [ability] ?

This superb floating hotel has a passenger capacity of 1,610 and carries a staff and crew of almost 700 .
this superb floating hotel has a passenger [ability] of 1,610 and carries a staff and crew of almost 700 .

The capacity of the stadium has been limited to 17,000 with Dublin being allocated 10,000 , 5,000 to Wexford and the remainder set aside for neutrals .
the [ability] of the stadium has been limited to 17,000 with dublin being allocated 10,000 , 5,000 to wexford and the remainder set aside for neutrals .

On his way to the trophy he met and defeated in the quarter finals an up and coming English youngster , one Michael Bonallack , now secretary of the game 's ruling body , the Royal & Ancient , and present in his official capacity at Royal Portrush this week .
on his way to the trophy he met and defeated in the quarter finals an up and coming english youngster , one michael bonallack , now secretary of the game 's ruling body , the royal & ancient , and present in his official [ability] at royal portrush this week .

You will recall our previous correspondence on this issue noting that the proposed changes by the European Commission were likely to have an adverse effect on those driving minibuses in a voluntary capacity for sporting purposes .
you will recall our previous correspondence on this issue noting that the proposed changes by the european commission were likely to have an adverse effect on those driving minibuses in a voluntary [ability] for sporting purposes .

Since we last wrote , we have been lobbying to achieve the same relaxation for voluntary drivers from sport as is proposed to be granted to those driving in a voluntary capacity for charities .
since we last wrote , we have been lobbying to achieve the same relaxation for voluntary drivers from sport as is proposed to be granted to those driving in a voluntary [ability] for charities .

Whether blacks are indeed being incorporated into American society is seen as a major test of its capacity to live up to its liberal and democratic ideals .
whether blacks are indeed being incorporated into american society is seen as a major test of its [ability] to live up to its liberal and democratic ideals .

Equally , governments ' ability to enforce subsequent agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and administrative capacity of local States , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .
equally , governments ' ability to enforce subsequent agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and administrative [ability] of local states , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .

The permitted limits of £1,000 a year in total for gifts , and the exemptions of as many small gifts of £100 a year as the donor may choose and of all gifts out of surplus income are not unreasonable for ordinary individuals ; and the raising of the exempt gift on marriage to £5,000 per parent will probably exceed the capacity of most parents , particularly that of the bride 's parents saddled with the cost of the reception as well .
the permitted limits of £1,000 a year in total for gifts , and the exemptions of as many small gifts of £100 a year as the donor may choose and of all gifts out of surplus income are not unreasonable for ordinary individuals ; and the raising of the exempt gift on marriage to £5,000 per parent will probably exceed the [ability] of most parents , particularly that of the bride 's parents saddled with the cost of the reception as well .

The new building , which is expected to cost £1.25m , will double St Colmcille 's seating capacity to 550 .
the new building , which is expected to cost £1.25m , will double st colmcille 's seating [ability] to 550 .

The Morton group are seriously looking at adding more units to their press in order to give more colour capacity but this would be reserved primarily for advertisers and not for further editorial colour .
the morton group are seriously looking at adding more units to their press in order to give more colour [ability] but this would be reserved primarily for advertisers and not for further editorial colour .

‘ It would also give us more capacity for spot colour which more advertisers seem to require , ’ said Mr Morton .
‘ it would also give us more [ability] for spot colour which more advertisers seem to require , ’ said mr morton .

Our production capacity has grown again with a weekly throughput now of over 800 tabloid pages .
our production [ability] has grown again with a weekly throughput now of over 800 tabloid pages .

The match will be all-ticket with an anticipated 25,000 capacity crowd and distribution arrangements will be announced shortly .
the match will be all-ticket with an anticipated 25,000 [ability] crowd and distribution arrangements will be announced shortly .

The current telephone system is at capacity , and additional lines can not be installed without upgrading the system .
the current telephone system is at [ability] , and additional lines can not be installed without upgrading the system .

For example , if two phases of the hybrid motor are excited the power supply must be doubled in capacity , but the torque produced is improved by a factor of only 1–4 .
for example , if two phases of the hybrid motor are excited the power supply must be doubled in [ability] , but the torque produced is improved by a factor of only 1–4 .

With larger motors , however , the power supply may have to have a capacity of several kilowatts if the system is to operate over a satisfactory speed range .
with larger motors , however , the power supply may have to have a [ability] of several kilowatts if the system is to operate over a satisfactory speed range .

As the program time needed to send each step command is likely to be much less than 0.1 ms the processor has spare capacity for other tasks .
as the program time needed to send each step command is likely to be much less than 0.1 ms the processor has spare [ability] for other tasks .

Efficient utilisation of processing capacity is obtained by using an interrupt routine to control tile motor , with the main program being interrupted by a constant frequency clock set at a suitable multiple of the pull-out rate .
efficient utilisation of processing [ability] is obtained by using an interrupt routine to control tile motor , with the main program being interrupted by a constant frequency clock set at a suitable multiple of the pull-out rate .

For the simpler forms of drive , however , the cost of additional supply capacity may not be justifiable in terms of the limited increase in performance .
for the simpler forms of drive , however , the cost of additional supply [ability] may not be justifiable in terms of the limited increase in performance .

It is immediately apparent from the preceding discussion that a control scheme based on the software approach is likely to involve a considerable commitment of processor capacity .
it is immediately apparent from the preceding discussion that a control scheme based on the software approach is likely to involve a considerable commitment of processor [ability] .

If this capacity is already available then — the software .
if this [ability] is already available then — the software .

However if significant additional capacity is needed then the potential benefits of software control must be balanced against the price of processor expansion .
however if significant additional [ability] is needed then the potential benefits of software control must be balanced against the price of processor expansion .

The main advantage of this system is that the commitment of microprocessor capacity is minimal ; in contrast to the two previous systems , the processor is not involved with each motor step .
the main advantage of this system is that the commitment of microprocessor [ability] is minimal ; in contrast to the two previous systems , the processor is not involved with each motor step .

Poverty , however , forced him to abandon teaching and become a kasabat kadi , in which capacity he served in several towns .
poverty , however , forced him to abandon teaching and become a kasabat kadi , in which [ability] he served in several towns .

The impression given by de la Broquière of the Mufti as a chiefly religious figure is strengthened by the only two known incidents in which one of the first three `` traditional `` Muftis was actively involved in his capacity as Mufti , namely Fahreddin Acemi 's rout of the Hurufis and his taking the chief seat in the debate on both of which incidents find parallels in the careers of later Muftis .
the impression given by de la broquière of the mufti as a chiefly religious figure is strengthened by the only two known incidents in which one of the first three `` traditional `` muftis was actively involved in his [ability] as mufti , namely fahreddin acemi 's rout of the hurufis and his taking the chief seat in the debate on both of which incidents find parallels in the careers of later muftis .

No material is given about their activities as Mufti , and no anecdotes are related about them in their capacity as Mufti , though something is related about each in his capacity as kadi .
no material is given about their activities as mufti , and no anecdotes are related about them in their [ability] as mufti , though something is related about each in his [ability] as kadi .

Presumably there was no need for our ancestors to cope with sizes and times outside the narrow range of everyday practicality , so our brains never evolved the capacity to imagine them .
presumably there was no need for our ancestors to cope with sizes and times outside the narrow range of everyday practicality , so our brains never evolved the [ability] to imagine them .

In natural selection , genes are always selected for their capacity to flourish in the environment in which they find themselves .
in natural selection , genes are always selected for their [ability] to flourish in the environment in which they find themselves .

Each gene is selected for its capacity to cooperate successfully with the population of other genes that it is likely to meet in bodies .
each gene is selected for its [ability] to cooperate successfully with the population of other genes that it is likely to meet in bodies .

The main point was that the total genetic capacity of a species may increase due to gene duplication .
the main point was that the total genetic [ability] of a species may increase due to gene duplication .

There are arms races wherever individuals have enemies with their own capacity for evolutionary improvement .
there are arms races wherever individuals have enemies with their own [ability] for evolutionary improvement .

Capacity Software Facilities Staff Quality Budget User Commitment One of the key elements in this backlog crisis in many enterprises today is undoubtedly lack of experienced and skilled staff , a shortcoming made more critical by the sheer complexity of computer systems .
[ability] software facilities staff quality budget user commitment one of the key elements in this backlog crisis in many enterprises today is undoubtedly lack of experienced and skilled staff , a shortcoming made more critical by the sheer complexity of computer systems .

The differences lie essentially in the speed of information processing , which is much slower , the capacity to store enormous amounts of data , which is reduced , and the cost of ownership , which bears no relationship whatsoever to the cost of owning a larger mini or mainframe computer .
the differences lie essentially in the speed of information processing , which is much slower , the [ability] to store enormous amounts of data , which is reduced , and the cost of ownership , which bears no relationship whatsoever to the cost of owning a larger mini or mainframe computer .

The development of the Group was obviously going to depend upon the capacity of management to monitor current , not historical , trends .
the development of the group was obviously going to depend upon the [ability] of management to monitor current , not historical , trends .

And now she was staring to the full capacity of her vision and her mind , reading him , sensing him , willing him — for God 's sake , for God 's sake — not to make further sport of her now .
and now she was staring to the full [ability] of her vision and her mind , reading him , sensing him , willing him — for god 's sake , for god 's sake — not to make further sport of her now .

Perhaps he did not touch her very deeply but he did not shock her either , her body moving easily , without apprehension , beneath his ; her mind remaining open to the possibility of sensation , observing his pleasure with affection — glad that he should have it — yet wondering more and more frequently if a similar capacity for such joyful sensuality lay concealed somewhere within herself .
perhaps he did not touch her very deeply but he did not shock her either , her body moving easily , without apprehension , beneath his ; her mind remaining open to the possibility of sensation , observing his pleasure with affection — glad that he should have it — yet wondering more and more frequently if a similar [ability] for such joyful sensuality lay concealed somewhere within herself .

She had a `` tremendous capacity for absorbing work `` , often expecting others to achieve the `` impossible yesterday `` .
she had a `` tremendous [ability] for absorbing work `` , often expecting others to achieve the `` impossible yesterday `` .

From the mid-1970s onwards a number of factors began to threaten the continued existence of this ‘ single capacity ’ system :
from the mid-1970s onwards a number of factors began to threaten the continued existence of this ‘ single [ability] ’ system :

The distinction between jobbers and brokers — the ‘ single capacity system ’ — was abolished .
the distinction between jobbers and brokers — the ‘ single [ability] system ’ — was abolished .

a new definition of incapacity which also caters for partial and fluctuating capacity
a new definition of incapacity which also caters for partial and fluctuating [ability]

She wondered how he saw her — that was , if he ever gave her a thought , apart from in her official capacity .
she wondered how he saw her — that was , if he ever gave her a thought , apart from in her official [ability] .

When your hard drive is nearing capacity and you need to delete a few directories to install your new 5meg program it is not that easy to decide which directories to archive and delete to achieve the required disk space .
when your hard drive is nearing [ability] and you need to delete a few directories to install your new 5meg program it is not that easy to decide which directories to archive and delete to achieve the required disk space .

There are options to format a floppy in any drive to any suitable capacity and support is provided for 1.2 and 1.44 megabyte floppy drives .
there are options to format a floppy in any drive to any suitable [ability] and support is provided for 1.2 and 1.44 megabyte floppy drives .

Working on a tight budget , we opted for more on-board memory at the expense of a large capacity harddisk .
working on a tight budget , we opted for more on-board memory at the expense of a large [ability] harddisk .

With Stacker 3.0 it 's now possible to more than double your disk capacity using the package 's customisable compression features .
with stacker 3.0 it 's now possible to more than double your disk [ability] using the package 's customisable compression features .

This is displayed as a set of real time gauges which show disk capacity , compression ration and fragmentation levels , so you can spot any problems with your disk early .
this is displayed as a set of real time gauges which show disk [ability] , compression ration and fragmentation levels , so you can spot any problems with your disk early .

When it comes to disk storage capacity spreadsheets do n't normally take much space .
when it comes to disk storage [ability] spreadsheets do n't normally take much space .

If you fully discharge a battery , the cell with the least capacity will become reverse charged .
if you fully discharge a battery , the cell with the least [ability] will become reverse charged .

The terminal has expanded its storage capacity five-fold since its initial inauguration and has been a major and consistent profit earner in the intervening years .
the terminal has expanded its storage [ability] five-fold since its initial inauguration and has been a major and consistent profit earner in the intervening years .

Success would mean full houses at Ibrox 's 44,000 capacity stadium , producing gate receipts of around £million .
success would mean full houses at ibrox 's 44,000 [ability] stadium , producing gate receipts of around £million .

Woodacon Oils continued to perform steadily , increasing product storage capacity .
woodacon oils continued to perform steadily , increasing product storage [ability] .

The Chancellor , Kenneth Clarke , declared in his Mansion House speech that he ‘ should like to be remembered as a Chancellor who helped British industry and British commerce through another difficult period and helped to make a difference to the wealth creating capacity of the nation . ’
the chancellor , kenneth clarke , declared in his mansion house speech that he ‘ should like to be remembered as a chancellor who helped british industry and british commerce through another difficult period and helped to make a difference to the wealth creating [ability] of the nation . ’

Used to creating and presenting ideas to a wide variety of clients , she 'd grown proud of her capacity to keep her head under pressure , yet from the moment she 'd crossed the threshold of this impressive room she 'd been put at a distinct disadvantage .
used to creating and presenting ideas to a wide variety of clients , she 'd grown proud of her [ability] to keep her head under pressure , yet from the moment she 'd crossed the threshold of this impressive room she 'd been put at a distinct disadvantage .

Liking , let alone loving , had never been a requisite for the majority of men whose capacity for making love was triggered more by the physical attributes of a woman than the quality of her personality or character !
liking , let alone loving , had never been a requisite for the majority of men whose [ability] for making love was triggered more by the physical attributes of a woman than the quality of her personality or character !

‘ You 're loyal and unselfish and have a capacity for loving … ’ He raised his hands palms upward in a gesture of despair as his voice thickened with emotion .
‘ you 're loyal and unselfish and have a [ability] for loving … ’ he raised his hands palms upward in a gesture of despair as his voice thickened with emotion .

The next event in the public launch calendar was the Alumni Foundation Concert in the Great Hall on 11 November , which Lord Armstrong hosted in his capacity as a Patron of the Campaign for Resource .
the next event in the public launch calendar was the alumni foundation concert in the great hall on 11 november , which lord armstrong hosted in his [ability] as a patron of the campaign for resource .

Two of our alumni returned to Bristol in their professional capacity as musicians on 9 November last year , when Paul Beniston ( trumpet ) and Craig Nathan ( organ ) performed the solo parts in a most enjoyable and successful fund-raising concert in aid of the Alumni Foundation .
two of our alumni returned to bristol in their professional [ability] as musicians on 9 november last year , when paul beniston ( trumpet ) and craig nathan ( organ ) performed the solo parts in a most enjoyable and successful fund-raising concert in aid of the alumni foundation .

as if he had had sight of publishers ' replies to the Sunday Telegraph questionnaire , Tim Waterstone warned readers that the book trade had ‘ an astonishing capacity for self-pity and self-destruction — ignore publishers ’ gloom … Waterstones will see to it that in 1993 bigger and even-better bookshops open throughout the land .
as if he had had sight of publishers ' replies to the sunday telegraph questionnaire , tim waterstone warned readers that the book trade had ‘ an astonishing [ability] for self-pity and self-destruction — ignore publishers ’ gloom … waterstones will see to it that in 1993 bigger and even-better bookshops open throughout the land .

Even using the most advanced chips commercially available and the most powerful text compression algorithms , there is insufficient capacity to store even the simplest images let alone animations or video .
even using the most advanced chips commercially available and the most powerful text compression algorithms , there is insufficient [ability] to store even the simplest images let alone animations or video .

This is the key to creating the vastly increased capacity to train so urgently needed without dramatically expanding the available human resources .
this is the key to creating the vastly increased [ability] to train so urgently needed without dramatically expanding the available human resources .

The ability of the modem to translate signals makes the information services market we have today a possibility … information publishers must now prepare for a new challenge and for a similar degree of networking capacity for video and other multimedia as they currently experience for data … ’
the ability of the modem to translate signals makes the information services market we have today a possibility … information publishers must now prepare for a new challenge and for a similar degree of networking [ability] for video and other multimedia as they currently experience for data … ’

We may well succeed in fashioning profound and powerful information products but there is a danger that our capacity to produce such products is outstripping the ability of human beings to grasp the full range of benefits they offer .
we may well succeed in fashioning profound and powerful information products but there is a danger that our [ability] to produce such products is outstripping the ability of human beings to grasp the full range of benefits they offer .

The do-it-yourself element comes from the fact that the capacity of human populations to use technology to adapt gives each population a unique set of circumstances , which in turn shapes both cultural development and biological characteristics .
the do-it-yourself element comes from the fact that the [ability] of human populations to use technology to adapt gives each population a unique set of circumstances , which in turn shapes both cultural development and biological characteristics .

Estimation of the molar mass of a polymer is of considerable importance , as the chain length can be a controlling factor in determining solubility , elasticity , fibre forming capacity , tear strength , and impact strength in many polymers .
estimation of the molar mass of a polymer is of considerable importance , as the chain length can be a controlling factor in determining solubility , elasticity , fibre forming [ability] , tear strength , and impact strength in many polymers .

The transition from a glass to a rubber-like state is accompanied by marked changes in the specific volume , the modulus , the heat capacity , the refractive index , and other physical properties of the polymer .
the transition from a glass to a rubber-like state is accompanied by marked changes in the specific volume , the modulus , the heat [ability] , the refractive index , and other physical properties of the polymer .

Heat capacity and other methods .
heat [ability] and other methods .

The glass transition temperature can be detected calorimetrically by following the change in heat capacity with change in temperature .
the glass transition temperature can be detected calorimetrically by following the change in heat [ability] with change in temperature .

Finally he had exhausted the new pilots ' capacity for fear .
finally he had exhausted the new pilots ' [ability] for fear .

Extend the capacity of the factory .
extend the [ability] of the factory .

If in-house capacity exists .
if in-house [ability] exists .

Investment in winding capacity at Galashiels and Dalkeith will lead to further quality enhancement and underpin performance in the future .
investment in winding [ability] at galashiels and dalkeith will lead to further quality enhancement and underpin performance in the future .

Despite the critics , No Sex , Please was soon playing to capacity audiences , including a coach party from the Battersea pub whose darts team had kept Crawford busy during his period of unemployment .
despite the critics , no sex , please was soon playing to [ability] audiences , including a coach party from the battersea pub whose darts team had kept crawford busy during his period of unemployment .

Billy quickly broke box-office records at the Theatre Royal , playing to capacity audiences after its second week .
billy quickly broke box-office records at the theatre royal , playing to [ability] audiences after its second week .

He had been taken on in an unofficial capacity as Captain 's companion , but , like everyone else on board , from ship 's surgeon to midshipman , he had made the best of this great opportunity by gathering remarkable collections of insects , plants , birds , and fossils .
he had been taken on in an unofficial [ability] as captain 's companion , but , like everyone else on board , from ship 's surgeon to midshipman , he had made the best of this great opportunity by gathering remarkable collections of insects , plants , birds , and fossils .

What began as something of a blitzkrieg , intended to paralyse Iran 's military and oil-transmission systems and the political leadership 's control of the country , soon slowed down , encountering a totally unexpected capacity to resist on the part of the Iranian forces .
what began as something of a blitzkrieg , intended to paralyse iran 's military and oil-transmission systems and the political leadership 's control of the country , soon slowed down , encountering a totally unexpected [ability] to resist on the part of the iranian forces .

There has been much conjecture about a lack of motivation at lower levels in the Iraqi formations , as contrasted with that displayed by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards , or Pasdaran , whose commitment and capacity to hold out against Iraqi superiority in equipment were important features of the war 's early years .
there has been much conjecture about a lack of motivation at lower levels in the iraqi formations , as contrasted with that displayed by the iranian revolutionary guards , or pasdaran , whose commitment and [ability] to hold out against iraqi superiority in equipment were important features of the war 's early years .

By 1977 its installed production capacity was rated in industry circles at approximately 6.9 million b/d .
by 1977 its installed production [ability] was rated in industry circles at approximately 6.9 million b/d .

Most of this capacity was in the Khuzestan area , where prospecting began in the early years of this century , culminating in the discovery in 1908 of the first of a cluster of oil-bearing structures identified in a northwest-southeast trend on a flank of the Zagros mountain range .
most of this [ability] was in the khuzestan area , where prospecting began in the early years of this century , culminating in the discovery in 1908 of the first of a cluster of oil-bearing structures identified in a northwest-southeast trend on a flank of the zagros mountain range .

By 1980 Iran 's total production capacity , weakened by reservoir depletion , natural pressure decline and a backlog of work on maintenance programmes accumulated over the preceding years , was assessed at just 4 million b/d .
by 1980 iran 's total production [ability] , weakened by reservoir depletion , natural pressure decline and a backlog of work on maintenance programmes accumulated over the preceding years , was assessed at just 4 million b/d .

Although there were plans to expand the capacity of the Ceyhan line to a total of 1.5 million b/d , this offered no solution as the system was physically dedicated to northern crudes which , when expansion work was complete , it continued to handle .
although there were plans to expand the [ability] of the ceyhan line to a total of 1.5 million b/d , this offered no solution as the system was physically dedicated to northern crudes which , when expansion work was complete , it continued to handle .

Guests saw how the plant has been upgraded over recent years and capacity increased from 45,000 to 70,000 tonnes .
guests saw how the plant has been upgraded over recent years and [ability] increased from 45,000 to 70,000 tonnes .

The mill has been re-designed to increase production to 48 tonnes per hour with an overall blending capacity of four tonnes every five minutes .
the mill has been re-designed to increase production to 48 tonnes per hour with an overall blending [ability] of four tonnes every five minutes .

Initially , a second production line will be installed for our traditional crisp rice and flaked products and a new extruded product line will give extra capacity for the production of existing chocolate coated wheat and honey coated maize products , and a number of new products currently under development .
initially , a second production line will be installed for our traditional crisp rice and flaked products and a new extruded product line will give extra [ability] for the production of existing chocolate coated wheat and honey coated maize products , and a number of new products currently under development .

This is part of a phased development of the site with further investment planned during 1993 which will enhance capacity and production flexibility .
this is part of a phased development of the site with further investment planned during 1993 which will enhance [ability] and production flexibility .

Following several years of intense competition and excess capacity , the merger was the most significant change to date in the rationalisation of the industry .
following several years of intense competition and excess [ability] , the merger was the most significant change to date in the rationalisation of the industry .

Growth in export markets has slowed down and at the same time new malting capacity has come on stream leading to a very competitive market place .
growth in export markets has slowed down and at the same time new malting [ability] has come on stream leading to a very competitive market place .

Despite a growing world market , competition remains fierce and will only intensify in the short term as new malting capacity is commissioned in numerous countries .
despite a growing world market , competition remains fierce and will only intensify in the short term as new malting [ability] is commissioned in numerous countries .

Highlights have included survival of a new soup season , commissioning of a new extruder , completion of a new warehouse and offices , the acquisition of two new businesses , gaining approval for a £2.3m puffing plant , identifying new computer software and hardware , and commissioning our extended crunchy oven capacity .
highlights have included survival of a new soup season , commissioning of a new extruder , completion of a new warehouse and offices , the acquisition of two new businesses , gaining approval for a £2.3m puffing plant , identifying new computer software and hardware , and commissioning our extended crunchy oven [ability] .

The captain has asked us to load to maximum capacity , so the better the ‘ trim ’ , the more we can load , perhaps 5,000 tonnes or more .
the captain has asked us to load to maximum [ability] , so the better the ‘ trim ’ , the more we can load , perhaps 5,000 tonnes or more .

Sales of soup are particularly encouraging and additional capacity for specials production has been created .
sales of soup are particularly encouraging and additional [ability] for specials production has been created .

Completion of these projects , planned for Spring 1991 , wo n't come a moment too soon as we are already desperately short of warehousing space and will soon need the additional production capacity .
completion of these projects , planned for spring 1991 , wo n't come a moment too soon as we are already desperately short of warehousing space and will soon need the additional production [ability] .

At present the factory has one production line running with a yearly capacity of 25,000 tonnes .
at present the factory has one production line running with a yearly [ability] of 25,000 tonnes .

In October , the Great Hall at King 's College , London , was filled to capacity for the Gilbert Lecture given by Hilmar Kopper , spokesman of the Board of Managing Directors , Deutsche Bank .
in october , the great hall at king 's college , london , was filled to [ability] for the gilbert lecture given by hilmar kopper , spokesman of the board of managing directors , deutsche bank .

The lecture attracted a capacity audience .
the lecture attracted a [ability] audience .

Furthermore , one of his main attributes is the capacity to link to other gangs and their leaders .
furthermore , one of his main attributes is the [ability] to link to other gangs and their leaders .

People , of course , have the capacity to give their own meanings to their and other people 's actions .
people , of course , have the [ability] to give their own meanings to their and other people 's actions .

They have the capacity to think and act for themselves and , within the constraints of employment opportunities , make themselves socially and spatially mobile .
they have the [ability] to think and act for themselves and , within the constraints of employment opportunities , make themselves socially and spatially mobile .

Within these cultures workers are assessing one another and their capacity to reach informally agreed levels of production .
within these cultures workers are assessing one another and their [ability] to reach informally agreed levels of production .

That is to say , houses , hospitals , schools and so forth were needed to reproduce a workforce which had the capacity and ability to engage in labour .
that is to say , houses , hospitals , schools and so forth were needed to reproduce a workforce which had the [ability] and ability to engage in labour .

It became clear to me at Blackpool that there was considerable support for Alec , partly because he made a good speech on foreign policy , partly because he took the chair at my meeting in his capacity as President of the National Union , and partly because of lobbying by back-benchers who saw him as the best compromise candidate .
it became clear to me at blackpool that there was considerable support for alec , partly because he made a good speech on foreign policy , partly because he took the chair at my meeting in his [ability] as president of the national union , and partly because of lobbying by back-benchers who saw him as the best compromise candidate .

One estimate , derived from directory listings of carrier services to and from London , is that there was a ten-fold increase in their number between 1715 and 1840 and , given increases in capacity and speed , a thirty-four-fold increase in terms of ton-miles .
one estimate , derived from directory listings of carrier services to and from london , is that there was a ten-fold increase in their number between 1715 and 1840 and , given increases in [ability] and speed , a thirty-four-fold increase in terms of ton-miles .

The increased seating capacity which would be provided by even an extra fifty coaches leaving a town over ten to twenty years , at a time of rapid urban population increase , points to how tiny a fraction of the population ever travelled by stage coach .
the increased seating [ability] which would be provided by even an extra fifty coaches leaving a town over ten to twenty years , at a time of rapid urban population increase , points to how tiny a fraction of the population ever travelled by stage coach .

Such a convenient exchange of heavy cargoes was ideal for the coastal trade , but in general spare capacity on return sailings explains some very cheap transit costs .
such a convenient exchange of heavy cargoes was ideal for the coastal trade , but in general spare [ability] on return sailings explains some very cheap transit costs .

Coal , however , between 1779 and 1784 absorbed around 40 per cent of total carrying capacity , the 1.5 million tons carried on coasting vessels in 1779 having trebled by 1814 .
coal , however , between 1779 and 1784 absorbed around 40 per cent of total carrying [ability] , the 1.5 million tons carried on coasting vessels in 1779 having trebled by 1814 .

That is equal to the carrying capacity of as many as sixteen wagons up to 1741 when the statutory load restriction was 3 tons , and as eight wagons when the limit was increased to 6 tons in 1765 .
that is equal to the carrying [ability] of as many as sixteen wagons up to 1741 when the statutory load restriction was 3 tons , and as eight wagons when the limit was increased to 6 tons in 1765 .

Industrialism requires a very delicate adjustment of demographic growth : not too fast ; because that will lower wages and thus both consumer demand and the incentive to labour saving investment ; not too slow , for that will raise wages so high as to entrench on profits and the capacity for investment .
industrialism requires a very delicate adjustment of demographic growth : not too fast ; because that will lower wages and thus both consumer demand and the incentive to labour saving investment ; not too slow , for that will raise wages so high as to entrench on profits and the [ability] for investment .

The room will get muggy , the fire wo n't draw properly , the boiler , if you have one , wo n't work to its full capacity and the doors may warp .
the room will get muggy , the fire wo n't draw properly , the boiler , if you have one , wo n't work to its full [ability] and the doors may warp .

Other storage solutions include hanging objects from hooks attached to the undersides of shelves or wall cupboards ; suspending objects from wooden slats on the wall using S-hooks ; and using wire baskets beneath shelves to give additional storage capacity .
other storage solutions include hanging objects from hooks attached to the undersides of shelves or wall cupboards ; suspending objects from wooden slats on the wall using s-hooks ; and using wire baskets beneath shelves to give additional storage [ability] .

Not by even one sign had he shown that he wanted her to stay in any capacity at all .
not by even one sign had he shown that he wanted her to stay in any [ability] at all .

But the roads were quiet , the jeep 's engine capacity , when pushed , seemingly knew no bounds , and some kind of warped guardian angel was on her side .
but the roads were quiet , the jeep 's engine [ability] , when pushed , seemingly knew no bounds , and some kind of warped guardian angel was on her side .

They may also deliberately maintain extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .
they may also deliberately maintain extra production [ability] so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .

Sunset industries in Western economies include the old heavy industries such as steel and shipbuilding which are now suffering from massive excess capacity as these industries have been undercut by more efficient producers in the Pacific basin .
sunset industries in western economies include the old heavy industries such as steel and shipbuilding which are now suffering from massive excess [ability] as these industries have been undercut by more efficient producers in the pacific basin .

In the late 1980s , the European steel industry had an enormous over-capacity , partly because it had been undercut by Korean , Japanese , and other producers in the Pacific , partly because of a wave of added Italian steel capacity in the 1970s .
in the late 1980s , the european steel industry had an enormous over-capacity , partly because it had been undercut by korean , japanese , and other producers in the pacific , partly because of a wave of added italian steel [ability] in the 1970s .

Clearly , the European governments were engaged in a game to see who would close capacity to leave a profitable market share for the survivors .
clearly , the european governments were engaged in a game to see who would close [ability] to leave a profitable market share for the survivors .

Thus in the long run , taking account of the capacity cost of building the extra power stations , the marginal cost of supplying peak users is very high .
thus in the long run , taking account of the [ability] cost of building the extra power stations , the marginal cost of supplying peak users is very high .

Investment should increase capacity up to the point at which the once-and-for-all cost of a new plant equals the present value of operating profits when the efficient pricing structure is in operation .
investment should increase [ability] up to the point at which the once-and-for-all cost of a new plant equals the present value of operating profits when the efficient pricing structure is in operation .

When these principles are implemented , the amount of total demand met on the vertical part of short-run marginal cost curves will depend on the level of total capacity .
when these principles are implemented , the amount of total demand met on the vertical part of short-run marginal cost curves will depend on the level of total [ability] .

At low capacity , prices will frequently be high since they are set on the vertical part of the short-run marginal cost curves .
at low [ability] , prices will frequently be high since they are set on the vertical part of the short-run marginal cost curves .

In the long run , investment and the efficient level of capacity should be determined to ensure that , when pricing at short-run marginal cost , average daily or yearly prices equal long-run marginal cost .
in the long run , investment and the efficient level of [ability] should be determined to ensure that , when pricing at short-run marginal cost , average daily or yearly prices equal long-run marginal cost .

This table can only give a general feel of the capacity of the corpus to cover the transitions likely to arise in unseen text .
this table can only give a general feel of the [ability] of the corpus to cover the transitions likely to arise in unseen text .

She would give to it all that had been withheld from her , pour out her infinite capacity to love knowing that for certain this time it would be needed and valued .
she would give to it all that had been withheld from her , pour out her infinite [ability] to love knowing that for certain this time it would be needed and valued .

They call these intelligence , even though they only represent a small part of the mind 's capacity .
they call these intelligence , even though they only represent a small part of the mind 's [ability] .

Official studies show that 70 per cent of Soviets estimate that they are not working to their full capacity , only nine per cent aspire to posts with greater responsibility , while 13 per cent actually prefer jobs with less responsibility , even if they are less well paid .
official studies show that 70 per cent of soviets estimate that they are not working to their full [ability] , only nine per cent aspire to posts with greater responsibility , while 13 per cent actually prefer jobs with less responsibility , even if they are less well paid .

The cycle is governed by a holy commandment : ‘ Thou shalt consume to thy maximum capacity , according to thy means and the artifacts available .
the cycle is governed by a holy commandment : ‘ thou shalt consume to thy maximum [ability] , according to thy means and the artifacts available .

There is amongst us inequality of talent , intelligence and virtue ; of capacity to enjoy freedom and create wealth ; and of the ability to rule , lead , organize and contribute to an ordered , harmonious and decent society .
there is amongst us inequality of talent , intelligence and virtue ; of [ability] to enjoy freedom and create wealth ; and of the ability to rule , lead , organize and contribute to an ordered , harmonious and decent society .

In 1986 they put much of the land back under cattle , in a project promoted by the Government and the big cattle ranchers , who needed extra capacity for the rearing of young steers .
in 1986 they put much of the land back under cattle , in a project promoted by the government and the big cattle ranchers , who needed extra [ability] for the rearing of young steers .

Will my right hon. Friend accept that no hon. Member on this side of the House and , if they can leave aside party politicking for a moment , no hon. Member on the Opposition Benches , would believe that my right hon. Friend was capable of flouting the law — — as has been suggested , either in his personal capacity , or , still less , as a holder of one of the great offices of State ?
will my right hon. friend accept that no hon. member on this side of the house and , if they can leave aside party politicking for a moment , no hon. member on the opposition benches , would believe that my right hon. friend was capable of flouting the law — — as has been suggested , either in his personal [ability] , or , still less , as a holder of one of the great offices of state ?

Finally , clause 56 states : ’ Where an offence under this Part committed by a body corporate is committed with the consent or connivance of , or is attributable to any neglect on the part of , a director , manager , secretary or other similar officer of the body , or a person purporting to act in such a capacity , he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of the offence . ’
finally , clause 56 states : ’ where an offence under this part committed by a body corporate is committed with the consent or connivance of , or is attributable to any neglect on the part of , a director , manager , secretary or other similar officer of the body , or a person purporting to act in such a [ability] , he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of the offence . ’

We are facing a loss of jobs , skills and capacity .
we are facing a loss of jobs , skills and [ability] .

Friend is right to talk about the industrial capacity being too low to produce the recovery we need .
friend is right to talk about the industrial [ability] being too low to produce the recovery we need .

It is a long-term , essential and immediate job to bring industrial capacity back to what it should be .
it is a long-term , essential and immediate job to bring industrial [ability] back to what it should be .

They shall be appointed in their personal capacity and shall not be bound by any mandate .
they shall be appointed in their personal [ability] and shall not be bound by any mandate .

In the absence of adequate bus production capacity in the United Kingdom , we can face only danger in terms of the future bus market .
in the absence of adequate bus production [ability] in the united kingdom , we can face only danger in terms of the future bus market .

Their generating capacity , however , still lies to a significant extent in coal-fired generation .
their generating [ability] , however , still lies to a significant extent in coal-fired generation .

On the following page , the British Coal memorandum says : ’ The Committee is right to draw attention to the fact that , once a mine is closed , the capacity is effectively lost . ’
on the following page , the british coal memorandum says : ’ the committee is right to draw attention to the fact that , once a mine is closed , the [ability] is effectively lost . ’

And we have to close down capacity as a result .
and we have to close down [ability] as a result .

Because we ca n't re-open mines , that capacity is lost for ever . '
because we ca n't re-open mines , that [ability] is lost for ever . '

and learned Friend the Attorney-General , in his personal capacity as Law Officer of the Crown and not as a Minister , came to the House to inform it how he intended to proceed .
and learned friend the attorney-general , in his personal [ability] as law officer of the crown and not as a minister , came to the house to inform it how he intended to proceed .

He made clear on 27 November what he felt was the best action for him to take in his capacity as a Law Officer .
he made clear on 27 november what he felt was the best action for him to take in his [ability] as a law officer .

Given the Community 's capacity to help other European countries — not only the successful ones who now wish to join , and are already beginning to apply , but the east European countries , with all their problems — it is extraordinary and perverse to suggest that there should be greater disunity in the Community at the very moment when greater aid and support is called for .
given the community 's [ability] to help other european countries — not only the successful ones who now wish to join , and are already beginning to apply , but the east european countries , with all their problems — it is extraordinary and perverse to suggest that there should be greater disunity in the community at the very moment when greater aid and support is called for .

of our capacity is still oil-burning .
of our [ability] is still oil-burning .

They are apparently quite relaxed about living next to railway stations , provided they are not used to their full capacity .
they are apparently quite relaxed about living next to railway stations , provided they are not used to their full [ability] .

It will enable the promoters greatly to improve capacity and the safety of passenger flows at the London underground station .
it will enable the promoters greatly to improve [ability] and the safety of passenger flows at the london underground station .

During my discussions with President Yeltsin , he explicitly accepted the disproportion between the British nuclear deterrent , Trident , and the nuclear capacity that will be available to the Soviet Union even after it has carried out the reductions to which it has committed itself , and which will take a decade or more to implement .
during my discussions with president yeltsin , he explicitly accepted the disproportion between the british nuclear deterrent , trident , and the nuclear [ability] that will be available to the soviet union even after it has carried out the reductions to which it has committed itself , and which will take a decade or more to implement .

( 2 ) In appointing members of the Funding Council the Secretary of State — ( a ) shall have regard to the desirability of including persons who appear to him to have experience of , and to have shown capacity in , the provision of further education ( within the meaning of section 1 ( 5 ) ( b ) of the 1980 Act ) or to have held , and to have shown capacity in , any position carrying responsibility for the provision of such further education and , in appointing such persons , he shall have regard to the desirability of their being currently engaged in the provision of such further education or in carrying responsibility for such provision ; and ( b ) shall have regard to the desirability of including persons who appear to him to have experience of , and to have shown capacity in , industrial , commercial or financial matters or the practice of any profession .
( 2 ) in appointing members of the funding council the secretary of state — ( a ) shall have regard to the desirability of including persons who appear to him to have experience of , and to have shown [ability] in , the provision of further education ( within the meaning of section 1 ( 5 ) ( b ) of the 1980 act ) or to have held , and to have shown [ability] in , any position carrying responsibility for the provision of such further education and , in appointing such persons , he shall have regard to the desirability of their being currently engaged in the provision of such further education or in carrying responsibility for such provision ; and ( b ) shall have regard to the desirability of including persons who appear to him to have experience of , and to have shown [ability] in , industrial , commercial or financial matters or the practice of any profession .

That judgment , passed in 1953 , has never been challenged , as it might have been by an appeal to the House of Lords sitting in its appellate civil jurisdiction capacity .
that judgment , passed in 1953 , has never been challenged , as it might have been by an appeal to the house of lords sitting in its appellate civil jurisdiction [ability] .

We are also expanding capacity , especially through Greater Glasgow health board which is using the private sector so that an extra 120 patients may be treated .
we are also expanding [ability] , especially through greater glasgow health board which is using the private sector so that an extra 120 patients may be treated .

Excellent though that capacity is , on a cold wintry night it is too far away .
excellent though that [ability] is , on a cold wintry night it is too far away .

Will the Secretary of State specify the exact circumstances that led the Secretary of State for Transport and the Secretary of State for Scotland to give the clear impression during the Kincardine and Deeside by-election that a review of that decision was possible ? Was that a collective decision by the Tory party or the Cabinet to raise false expectations or were the Ministers acting in a freelance capacity ?
will the secretary of state specify the exact circumstances that led the secretary of state for transport and the secretary of state for scotland to give the clear impression during the kincardine and deeside by-election that a review of that decision was possible ? was that a collective decision by the tory party or the cabinet to raise false expectations or were the ministers acting in a freelance [ability] ?

There is no doubt that there is a huge gap between Labour 's spending proposals and its capacity to fund those proposals without huge increases in direct tax for the vast majority of people .
there is no doubt that there is a huge gap between labour 's spending proposals and its [ability] to fund those proposals without huge increases in direct tax for the vast majority of people .

We are anxious to see an expansion in the capacity of the underground .
we are anxious to see an expansion in the [ability] of the underground .

Will the Secretary of State stop looking for scapegoats for Maastricht ? He boasts about inward investment , but is he not aware that following the last slump under this Government , between 1979-81 , investment in manufacturing industry was so slow that the capacity is now hardly any higher than it was 12 years ago ?
will the secretary of state stop looking for scapegoats for maastricht ? he boasts about inward investment , but is he not aware that following the last slump under this government , between 1979-81 , investment in manufacturing industry was so slow that the [ability] is now hardly any higher than it was 12 years ago ?

Does my hon. Friend agree that our achievements in that aspect of education could not be better illustrated than by that which pertains in Nottinghamshire , where the university now has the highest ratio of applications to available places and where Nottingham polytechnic , which is soon to be a university , is planning to increase its capacity over the next couple of years to 16,000 student places ? Is not that real success in higher education ?
does my hon. friend agree that our achievements in that aspect of education could not be better illustrated than by that which pertains in nottinghamshire , where the university now has the highest ratio of applications to available places and where nottingham polytechnic , which is soon to be a university , is planning to increase its [ability] over the next couple of years to 16,000 student places ? is not that real success in higher education ?

Does the Secretary of State recall that in the last recession under this Government the collapse of manufacturing industry was said to be making it leaner and fitter to face the future ? Ten years on , and having lost more than 150,000 manufacturing jobs in the northern region alone , manufacturing is faced with yet another recession , only this time , far from leanness and fitness , it is faced with malnutrition and is dangerously near the point of no return . With 6,000 manufacturing jobs being lost every week and 1,000 businesses a week going under , what action does he intend to take before more of our industrial capacity is lost altogether ?
does the secretary of state recall that in the last recession under this government the collapse of manufacturing industry was said to be making it leaner and fitter to face the future ? ten years on , and having lost more than 150,000 manufacturing jobs in the northern region alone , manufacturing is faced with yet another recession , only this time , far from leanness and fitness , it is faced with malnutrition and is dangerously near the point of no return . with 6,000 manufacturing jobs being lost every week and 1,000 businesses a week going under , what action does he intend to take before more of our industrial [ability] is lost altogether ?

Is not the constituency of the hon. Member for Durham , North-West ( Ms. Armstrong ) in the middle of the area of the United Kingdom which gets the largest level of outside investment into this country and , indeed , into the European Community ? Is not that new manufacturing capacity brought here by the Government 's successes in promoting Britain and the north of England as a location for manufacturing ?
is not the constituency of the hon. member for durham , north-west ( ms. armstrong ) in the middle of the area of the united kingdom which gets the largest level of outside investment into this country and , indeed , into the european community ? is not that new manufacturing [ability] brought here by the government 's successes in promoting britain and the north of england as a location for manufacturing ?

Our latest survey of school capacity shows that Wolverhampton has nearly 12,000 surplus places .
our latest survey of school [ability] shows that wolverhampton has nearly 12,000 surplus places .

The hall was packed to capacity , with standing room only .
the hall was packed to [ability] , with standing room only .

That underlines the fact that the one Bill will have the capacity to cater for both Scotland and England .
that underlines the fact that the one bill will have the [ability] to cater for both scotland and england .

He says that there is an alternative to the flood relief scheme , and that is to improve the drainage capacity of the Thames itself by removing obstructions and restrictions to flow which tend to increase river levels , especially when the watercourse is bank full and the weirs fully open .
he says that there is an alternative to the flood relief scheme , and that is to improve the drainage [ability] of the thames itself by removing obstructions and restrictions to flow which tend to increase river levels , especially when the watercourse is bank full and the weirs fully open .

First , the use of Stratford as a motorail and park-and-ride terminal will necessitate increased road capacity from the west .
first , the use of stratford as a motorail and park-and-ride terminal will necessitate increased road [ability] from the west .

The Secretary of State 's capacity to make grants is at present limited to £1,500 million .
the secretary of state 's [ability] to make grants is at present limited to £1,500 million .

The table provided in the Library note projects that we shall not come up against the upper ceiling of the present capacity in either this or the next financial year .
the table provided in the library note projects that we shall not come up against the upper ceiling of the present [ability] in either this or the next financial year .

We could address the issue of whether we need to raise capacity just as well next year as this year .
we could address the issue of whether we need to raise [ability] just as well next year as this year .

They are used to capacity — daily , at weekends and holidays — and they are a valuable resource used by the voluntary sector .
they are used to [ability] — daily , at weekends and holidays — and they are a valuable resource used by the voluntary sector .

The House will recall that the Bill seeks powers for works in the area of King 's Cross and St. Pancras stations to increase capacity for British Rail and , indeed , for underground customers and to provide new rail services across London using Thameslink .
the house will recall that the bill seeks powers for works in the area of king 's cross and st. pancras stations to increase [ability] for british rail and , indeed , for underground customers and to provide new rail services across london using thameslink .

The changes include longer platforms so that longer trains can be run , offering more capacity , and a new passenger concourse building to link the two stations .
the changes include longer platforms so that longer trains can be run , offering more [ability] , and a new passenger concourse building to link the two stations .

The Class 156 units ceased to be part of this operation from the 8th of July and presumably the temporary expedient of bus backup is in force if extra capacity is required .
the class 156 units ceased to be part of this operation from the 8th of july and presumably the temporary expedient of bus backup is in force if extra [ability] is required .

Certain persons lack the legal capacity to make a contract .
certain persons lack the legal [ability] to make a contract .

Capacity to buy and sell is regulated by the general law concerning capacity to contract and to transfer and acquire property .
[ability] to buy and sell is regulated by the general law concerning [ability] to contract and to transfer and acquire property .

The mercantile agent must be in possession of the goods or documents of title in his capacity as a mercantile agent .
the mercantile agent must be in possession of the goods or documents of title in his [ability] as a mercantile agent .

The car owner who leaves his car with a garage for repairs to be carried out does not consent to the garage having possession in its capacity as a mercantile agent ( i.e .
the car owner who leaves his car with a garage for repairs to be carried out does not consent to the garage having possession in its [ability] as a mercantile agent ( i.e .

The fact that consent was obtained by a trick or by fraud is irrelevant so long as the consent was given to the agent in his capacity as a mercantile agent .
the fact that consent was obtained by a trick or by fraud is irrelevant so long as the consent was given to the agent in his [ability] as a mercantile agent .

She tried to remember Isabelle objectively — wondering how she would have regarded her if they had simply met as strangers , but all she could call to mind was her mother 's warmth , and gentleness and capacity for love , and a slow anger began to build in her .
she tried to remember isabelle objectively — wondering how she would have regarded her if they had simply met as strangers , but all she could call to mind was her mother 's warmth , and gentleness and [ability] for love , and a slow anger began to build in her .

Organise spare capacity school buses .
organise spare [ability] school buses .

Take defence , for example : the dispatch of the Task Force to the Falkland Islands in 1982 diminished the Navy 's capacity to defend mainland Britain .
take defence , for example : the dispatch of the task force to the falkland islands in 1982 diminished the navy 's [ability] to defend mainland britain .

People are assumed to try to make rational decisions but their ability to do so is constrained by limits on their capacity to receive , process , store and retrieve information .
people are assumed to try to make rational decisions but their ability to do so is constrained by limits on their [ability] to receive , process , store and retrieve information .

Another is the capacity of managers to add value to the work of their subordinates .
another is the [ability] of managers to add value to the work of their subordinates .

My experience with organizations of all kinds in many different countries has convinced me that effective value-adding managerial leadership of subordinates can come only from an individual one category higher in cognitive capacity , working one category higher in problem complexity .
my experience with organizations of all kinds in many different countries has convinced me that effective value-adding managerial leadership of subordinates can come only from an individual one category higher in cognitive [ability] , working one category higher in problem complexity .

It is this suddenly increased level of necessary mental capacity , experience , knowledge and mental stamina that allows managers to add value to the work of their subordinates .
it is this suddenly increased level of necessary mental [ability] , experience , knowledge and mental stamina that allows managers to add value to the work of their subordinates .

( Explicit tests are considered to be those in which the ability under investigation is directly requested , whereas in implicit tests the capacity of interest is only involved as an apparently incidental aspect to the procedure . )
( explicit tests are considered to be those in which the ability under investigation is directly requested , whereas in implicit tests the [ability] of interest is only involved as an apparently incidental aspect to the procedure . )

Cold water cisterns need to be quite large to cope with the demands of an average house in the event of a mains failure — the normal recommended size is 230 litres ( 50 gallons ) actual capacity , which is around 320 litres ( 70 gallons ) nominal capacity ( filled to the brim ) .
cold water cisterns need to be quite large to cope with the demands of an average house in the event of a mains failure — the normal recommended size is 230 litres ( 50 gallons ) actual [ability] , which is around 320 litres ( 70 gallons ) nominal [ability] ( filled to the brim ) .

This gives a capacity of around 120 litres ( 26 gallons ) which should be sufficient for one full bath .
this gives a [ability] of around 120 litres ( 26 gallons ) which should be sufficient for one full bath .

The next most common size is the same diameter but 1050mm ( 42in ) high , with a capacity of 140 litres ( 31 gallons ) .
the next most common size is the same diameter but 1050mm ( 42in ) high , with a [ability] of 140 litres ( 31 gallons ) .

An Economy 7 cylinder is a large capacity ( typically 210 litres ) pre-insulated cylinder fitted with two horizontal immersion heaters . The heater at the bottom is wired so that it will operate on the cheaper tariff at night to heat up the whole cylinder ; the heater at the top can be used during the day ( on full-rate tariff ) for ‘ topping up ’ when necessary
an economy 7 cylinder is a large [ability] ( typically 210 litres ) pre-insulated cylinder fitted with two horizontal immersion heaters . the heater at the bottom is wired so that it will operate on the cheaper tariff at night to heat up the whole cylinder ; the heater at the top can be used during the day ( on full-rate tariff ) for ‘ topping up ’ when necessary

At some point in its development it has to create more organized political groups , or convert or capture existing political organizations , which are able to engage directly in a struggle for power and have the capacity to use power when they have gained it in order to reconstruct society .
at some point in its development it has to create more organized political groups , or convert or capture existing political organizations , which are able to engage directly in a struggle for power and have the [ability] to use power when they have gained it in order to reconstruct society .

14 ) , wrote in his analysis of the concept of political power that : ‘ Power , then , is generalized capacity to secure the performance of binding obligations by units in a system of collective organization when the obligations are legitimized with reference to their bearing on collective goals ’ .
14 ) , wrote in his analysis of the concept of political power that : ‘ power , then , is generalized [ability] to secure the performance of binding obligations by units in a system of collective organization when the obligations are legitimized with reference to their bearing on collective goals ’ .

It should be noted , first , that not every class , in all circumstances , shows the capacity to create those organizations which are essential if it is to engage seriously in political struggles .
it should be noted , first , that not every class , in all circumstances , shows the [ability] to create those organizations which are essential if it is to engage seriously in political struggles .

Ever since 1914 , when the great majority of the leaders of social democratic parties in Europe supported the war effort of their own nation states — under a variety of influences , one of which was undoubtedly the nationalist fervour of the peoples involved — the capacity of the socialist movement to bring about a new kind of political relationship among the peoples of the world has seemed more questionable ; and the doubts have multiplied not only as a result of the course taken by the revolution in Russia , culminating in the project of building ‘ socialism in one country ’ , which eventually led to the identification of socialism with the national interests of the Soviet Union , but also in the light of the actual relations that developed between the communist countries in the postwar period .
ever since 1914 , when the great majority of the leaders of social democratic parties in europe supported the war effort of their own nation states — under a variety of influences , one of which was undoubtedly the nationalist fervour of the peoples involved — the [ability] of the socialist movement to bring about a new kind of political relationship among the peoples of the world has seemed more questionable ; and the doubts have multiplied not only as a result of the course taken by the revolution in russia , culminating in the project of building ‘ socialism in one country ’ , which eventually led to the identification of socialism with the national interests of the soviet union , but also in the light of the actual relations that developed between the communist countries in the postwar period .

What is then proposed as an alternative to this conception is a recognition of the existence of conflicting interest groups , some of which have a much greater capacity to pursue their interests successfully , and of the need for widespread political debate about the allocation of social resources and benefits among these groups , or in a broad sense , about justice and the meaning of a ‘ good society ’ .
what is then proposed as an alternative to this conception is a recognition of the existence of conflicting interest groups , some of which have a much greater [ability] to pursue their interests successfully , and of the need for widespread political debate about the allocation of social resources and benefits among these groups , or in a broad sense , about justice and the meaning of a ‘ good society ’ .

It was as if his mind had a finite capacity for lines ; put in more than it could hold and they would start to overflow .
it was as if his mind had a finite [ability] for lines ; put in more than it could hold and they would start to overflow .

He was here in his professional capacity , doing the same thing as she was , in essence , as she was planning to remain in the building to offer moral support to any of the staff who might need it , faced with the unaccustomed demands of this minor crisis .
he was here in his professional [ability] , doing the same thing as she was , in essence , as she was planning to remain in the building to offer moral support to any of the staff who might need it , faced with the unaccustomed demands of this minor crisis .

In the simple framework described at the end of this section , individuals are assumed to have fixed endowments of capital and earning capacity , and the wage and rate of return are assumed exogenously determined .
in the simple framework described at the end of this section , individuals are assumed to have fixed endowments of capital and earning [ability] , and the wage and rate of return are assumed exogenously determined .

The models allow for accumulation , inheritance , the transmission of earning capacity , and the role of chance or ‘ luck ’ .
the models allow for accumulation , inheritance , the transmission of earning [ability] , and the role of chance or ‘ luck ’ .

Individual i in the generation that started life u years ago has lifetime capital receipts ( discounted to his birth ) of and lifetime earning capacity .
individual i in the generation that started life u years ago has lifetime capital receipts ( discounted to his birth ) of and lifetime earning [ability] .

If there is regression towards the mean ( see below ) , an individual with high earnings may expect to have children with a lower earning capacity , and hence share his own higher earnings by making bequests .
if there is regression towards the mean ( see below ) , an individual with high earnings may expect to have children with a lower earning [ability] , and hence share his own higher earnings by making bequests .

Determination of Earnings Capacity
determination of earnings [ability]

The assumption ensures convergence of earnings capacity to .
the assumption ensures convergence of earnings [ability] to .

, bequests are not influenced by future earning capacity ) and ( i.e .
, bequests are not influenced by future earning [ability] ) and ( i.e .

From ( 9–20b ) it is clear that ensures that the variance of earnings capacity converges to .
from ( 9–20b ) it is clear that ensures that the variance of earnings [ability] converges to .

If we assume that aggregate output is a function of the mean inheritance and mean labour capacity , and that the latter has converged to its equilibrium value ( which we can then normalize at unity , ) , then output per man at time u may be written as .
if we assume that aggregate output is a function of the mean inheritance and mean labour [ability] , and that the latter has converged to its equilibrium value ( which we can then normalize at unity , ) , then output per man at time u may be written as .

In the model described above , the distribution of income converges to an equilibrium state where inequality is attributable to differences in earning capacity , generated randomly by the genetic process , and to the stochastic element in income and bequests , interpreted either as entrepreneurial gains or uncertainty with regard to life expectancy .
in the model described above , the distribution of income converges to an equilibrium state where inequality is attributable to differences in earning [ability] , generated randomly by the genetic process , and to the stochastic element in income and bequests , interpreted either as entrepreneurial gains or uncertainty with regard to life expectancy .

First , the transmission of earning capacity is influenced by a number of social variables .
first , the transmission of earning [ability] is influenced by a number of social variables .

In the theoretical sections of this Lecture , we have described how taxation may affect the development of endowments over generations , taking account of the transmission of earning capacity and the inheritance of wealth .
in the theoretical sections of this lecture , we have described how taxation may affect the development of endowments over generations , taking account of the transmission of earning [ability] and the inheritance of wealth .

Would he have had the inventive capacity , the command of idiom ?
would he have had the inventive [ability] , the command of idiom ?

On 31 July 1992 , the Commission declared : ‘ Specific and binding assurances from Sweden should be sought with regard to her political commitments and legal capacity to fulfil the obligations … ( on ) the eventual framing of a common defence policy . ’
on 31 july 1992 , the commission declared : ‘ specific and binding assurances from sweden should be sought with regard to her political commitments and legal [ability] to fulfil the obligations … ( on ) the eventual framing of a common defence policy . ’

Using wholly incompatible weapons systems and riven by language difficulties , the troops lack the capacity to fight as coordinated units .
using wholly incompatible weapons systems and riven by language difficulties , the troops lack the [ability] to fight as coordinated units .

The realisation of her dreams was within her grasp yet he had the capacity to ruin everything .
the realisation of her dreams was within her grasp yet he had the [ability] to ruin everything .

He had known this district all his life , had come back to it as a young police detective for his first major case , and its vitality and capacity for change amazed him .
he had known this district all his life , had come back to it as a young police detective for his first major case , and its vitality and [ability] for change amazed him .

It was because of the possibility of literary devices losing their defamiliarizing capacity that the distinction between device and function was introduced .
it was because of the possibility of literary devices losing their defamiliarizing [ability] that the distinction between device and function was introduced .

The Formalists evaluate literary form for its perceptibility and not for its mimetic capacity .
the formalists evaluate literary form for its perceptibility and not for its mimetic [ability] .

In every case , then , the devices of poetry are studied nut for themselves , but for their defamiliarizing capacity .
in every case , then , the devices of poetry are studied nut for themselves , but for their defamiliarizing [ability] .

If the relationship between sign and reality is not natural but arbitrary , how are we to understand the sign 's ability to signify , the capacity of language to generate meaning ?
if the relationship between sign and reality is not natural but arbitrary , how are we to understand the sign 's ability to signify , the [ability] of language to generate meaning ?

‘ Irony ’ is a strategic term that indicates the capacity of poetry to resist or elude our attempts to reduce it to conventional modes of expression .
‘ irony ’ is a strategic term that indicates the [ability] of poetry to resist or elude our attempts to reduce it to conventional modes of expression .

This capacity is the main theme of Brooks 's important essay , ‘ The heresy of paraphrase ’ ( Brooks 1949 : 176–96 ) .
this [ability] is the main theme of brooks 's important essay , ‘ the heresy of paraphrase ’ ( brooks 1949 : 176–96 ) .

His dry sense of humour still had the capacity to make her lips twitch in amusement , even as she recognised that there was nothing remotely amusing about the way she felt about him .
his dry sense of humour still had the [ability] to make her lips twitch in amusement , even as she recognised that there was nothing remotely amusing about the way she felt about him .

André 's flamboyance always had the capacity to make her laugh , and he was just what she needed .
andré 's flamboyance always had the [ability] to make her laugh , and he was just what she needed .

our sensibility is deepened and enlarged and thereby our capacity for responding sensitively to the world .
our sensibility is deepened and enlarged and thereby our [ability] for responding sensitively to the world .

For Humphrey , aesthetic structuring arises from the urge to group and classify information as well as from a capacity to pick up similarities and associations that generate a sense of rhythm and rhyme .
for humphrey , aesthetic structuring arises from the urge to group and classify information as well as from a [ability] to pick up similarities and associations that generate a sense of rhythm and rhyme .

For both Kung ( 1981 ) and Lyotard , art moves within the area between man 's capacity to conceive an idea and his ability to create an artefact that evokes or articulates it so that one of art 's more important roles is the symbolization of what does not yet exist .
for both kung ( 1981 ) and lyotard , art moves within the area between man 's [ability] to conceive an idea and his ability to create an artefact that evokes or articulates it so that one of art 's more important roles is the symbolization of what does not yet exist .

Response to art at this level demands both a willingness and a capacity to go beyond obvious and conventional ways of perceiving and a preparedness to accommodate and restructure existing concepts and patterns of relationships .
response to art at this level demands both a willingness and a [ability] to go beyond obvious and conventional ways of perceiving and a preparedness to accommodate and restructure existing concepts and patterns of relationships .

Lack of experience , along with the logical structures that contain it , are considered more responsible for failure in response than any lack of cognitive capacity , and the need to develop strategies designed to extend involvement is seen as a necessary way forward .
lack of experience , along with the logical structures that contain it , are considered more responsible for failure in response than any lack of cognitive [ability] , and the need to develop strategies designed to extend involvement is seen as a necessary way forward .

By comparison , observers with confidence in their capacity to enjoy paintings approached the work from a completely different angle .
by comparison , observers with confidence in their [ability] to enjoy paintings approached the work from a completely different angle .

Such a system could incorporate images to be construed ; hold relevant information to be drawn upon as required ; include a capacity to enlarge or select from the image under consideration ; provide cues aimed at stimulating a search for undiscovered features or ideas and be partially interactive in a non-verbal mode by means of direct pointing with a light pen .
such a system could incorporate images to be construed ; hold relevant information to be drawn upon as required ; include a [ability] to enlarge or select from the image under consideration ; provide cues aimed at stimulating a search for undiscovered features or ideas and be partially interactive in a non-verbal mode by means of direct pointing with a light pen .

She was afraid that her very capacity for love had been defiled .
she was afraid that her very [ability] for love had been defiled .

To give it to a child would seem unnaturally insensitive ; to assume it oneself would argue a capacity for self-inflicted wounds beyond even Onyx 's nature .
to give it to a child would seem unnaturally insensitive ; to assume it oneself would argue a [ability] for self-inflicted wounds beyond even onyx 's nature .

The move is needed to secure profitability which has fallen due to world-wide over capacity in uranium enrichment .
the move is needed to secure profitability which has fallen due to world-wide over [ability] in uranium enrichment .

Since the rail network has plenty of spare capacity and is environmentally more benign , the logical solution is either to subsidise rail fares , which the present government is obviously unwilling to do , or to increase the cost of motoring to the point where rail has the advantage ( and since rail is sometimes less convenient , it needs the edge on price ) .
since the rail network has plenty of spare [ability] and is environmentally more benign , the logical solution is either to subsidise rail fares , which the present government is obviously unwilling to do , or to increase the cost of motoring to the point where rail has the advantage ( and since rail is sometimes less convenient , it needs the edge on price ) .

Recent investment in manufacturing capacity and quality systems has paid off with an increased share in the markets for sputtering targets , metal seal lids for semiconductor packages and fabricated metal products for electronic applications .
recent investment in manufacturing [ability] and quality systems has paid off with an increased share in the markets for sputtering targets , metal seal lids for semiconductor packages and fabricated metal products for electronic applications .

These provide expanded capacity for platinum anti-cancer drugs and specialised organic pharmaceutical products .
these provide expanded [ability] for platinum anti-cancer drugs and specialised organic pharmaceutical products .

Governors and teachers vary in their capacity to join in the management of a school .
governors and teachers vary in their [ability] to join in the management of a school .

This range of tasks is within the capacity of a large secondary school 's staff .
this range of tasks is within the [ability] of a large secondary school 's staff .

It may be beyond the capacity of a 12- or 15-teacher secondary school , a 10-teacher middle school , a 10-teacher primary school or an 8-teacher first school .
it may be beyond the [ability] of a 12- or 15-teacher secondary school , a 10-teacher middle school , a 10-teacher primary school or an 8-teacher first school .

For heads , other teachers and governors partnership needs , as a first step , self-awareness , self-esteem and a capacity to tolerate something less than perfection .
for heads , other teachers and governors partnership needs , as a first step , self-awareness , self-esteem and a [ability] to tolerate something less than perfection .

For instance , a young child 's capacity to read is improved because a parent or a playgroup or a nursery class gives a good start .
for instance , a young child 's [ability] to read is improved because a parent or a playgroup or a nursery class gives a good start .

At the same time it gave a signal to aspiring heads that a commitment to the improvement of education had to be accompanied by a capacity to marshal minds and money .
at the same time it gave a signal to aspiring heads that a commitment to the improvement of education had to be accompanied by a [ability] to marshal minds and money .

It is this balance of power with governors which perhaps most intensely tests the management capacity of a head in relation to other teachers , but at the same time the power of teachers themselves to convert policies which are handed down from above into classroom practice by means of adaptation , domestication or subversion should not be overlooked ( Shipman 1990:156 — 7 ) .
it is this balance of power with governors which perhaps most intensely tests the management [ability] of a head in relation to other teachers , but at the same time the power of teachers themselves to convert policies which are handed down from above into classroom practice by means of adaptation , domestication or subversion should not be overlooked ( shipman 1990:156 — 7 ) .

Again , there is heavy reliance on the deputy or deputies , on one or two other experienced or senior staff and on the capacity of one or more of the governors not only to understand , to discuss and if necessary to change first ideas without bloodshed but also to explain the professional side to their lay colleagues .
again , there is heavy reliance on the deputy or deputies , on one or two other experienced or senior staff and on the [ability] of one or more of the governors not only to understand , to discuss and if necessary to change first ideas without bloodshed but also to explain the professional side to their lay colleagues .

If a teacher at the time of appointment has agreed to play a part in the larger framework and in the long-term plan for a school , the head will after a time weigh up the capacity of the new colleague to add his or her contribution to the larger task .
if a teacher at the time of appointment has agreed to play a part in the larger framework and in the long-term plan for a school , the head will after a time weigh up the [ability] of the new colleague to add his or her contribution to the larger task .

Although a head 's trust both in colleagues and in the capacity of pupils to use what teachers offer is an essential part of management , the uncertainty involved is , to some managers , frustrating .
although a head 's trust both in colleagues and in the [ability] of pupils to use what teachers offer is an essential part of management , the uncertainty involved is , to some managers , frustrating .

Those who feel that patience , trust and a capacity to put up with uncertainty are gifts rather than skills — and gifts which not all adults share — will doubt whether these personal dispositions can be amenable to training .
those who feel that patience , trust and a [ability] to put up with uncertainty are gifts rather than skills — and gifts which not all adults share — will doubt whether these personal dispositions can be amenable to training .

Although this might be reinforced by the suggestion , earlier in this chapter , that vision and the ideals fostered by a head can shape the total approach to school management , it is the contingency model and its capacity to take account of turbulence which seem to fit the description of several management approaches in this final decade of the century .
although this might be reinforced by the suggestion , earlier in this chapter , that vision and the ideals fostered by a head can shape the total approach to school management , it is the contingency model and its [ability] to take account of turbulence which seem to fit the description of several management approaches in this final decade of the century .

The student is expected to acquire knowledge and has also to prove a capacity for wide reading and understanding , an up-to-date awareness of the state of both debate and development in educational ideas , a capacity to criticize in a constructive way and an overall capacity to link those skills with collecting and analysing data and with the planning of projects .
the student is expected to acquire knowledge and has also to prove a [ability] for wide reading and understanding , an up-to-date awareness of the state of both debate and development in educational ideas , a [ability] to criticize in a constructive way and an overall [ability] to link those skills with collecting and analysing data and with the planning of projects .

Whether they are already leaders or aspire to more senior positions or are any part of those steadily developing collegial teams which are necessary to manage the diversity of educational change , then breadth of knowledge , a political awareness of the wider field of debate , the capacity to stand back , criticize and to argue to an acceptable and workable end , all these are essential parts of the professional 's equipment .
whether they are already leaders or aspire to more senior positions or are any part of those steadily developing collegial teams which are necessary to manage the diversity of educational change , then breadth of knowledge , a political awareness of the wider field of debate , the [ability] to stand back , criticize and to argue to an acceptable and workable end , all these are essential parts of the professional 's equipment .

That relationship can be affected if the scale or seriousness of a student 's compulsory assignments ( knowledge of the literature , a capacity for critique and argument , ability to design a project and to collect and analyse data ) is in any way diminished .
that relationship can be affected if the scale or seriousness of a student 's compulsory assignments ( knowledge of the literature , a [ability] for critique and argument , ability to design a project and to collect and analyse data ) is in any way diminished .

In this way , inter-party friction would be eliminated , while , at the same time , the new organization would still be able to draw on the mobilizing capacity of the old parties .
in this way , inter-party friction would be eliminated , while , at the same time , the new organization would still be able to draw on the mobilizing [ability] of the old parties .

Since the Carlists were unlikely to accept any kind of power-sharing arrangement , it was less a question of making a political pact with them than of imposing the desired situation on them and limiting as far as possible their capacity to reject it .
since the carlists were unlikely to accept any kind of power-sharing arrangement , it was less a question of making a political pact with them than of imposing the desired situation on them and limiting as far as possible their [ability] to reject it .

But whereas General Franco 's rapid and decisive action resolved at a stroke the problem of order and the underlying political question , the use of force to suppress anarchists and revolutionary communists in Barcelona only exacerbated the Republic 's political difficulties and thereby seriously undermined its capacity to offer united resistance to its attackers .
but whereas general franco 's rapid and decisive action resolved at a stroke the problem of order and the underlying political question , the use of force to suppress anarchists and revolutionary communists in barcelona only exacerbated the republic 's political difficulties and thereby seriously undermined its [ability] to offer united resistance to its attackers .

The war had , of course , done considerable damage to Spain 's productive capacity , but it had not occasioned total collapse .
the war had , of course , done considerable damage to spain 's productive [ability] , but it had not occasioned total collapse .

The Falangists derived what power they had from their positions as the instruments of Francoism ; they had no organizational capacity outside the framework of the regime and no international support at all .
the falangists derived what power they had from their positions as the instruments of francoism ; they had no organizational [ability] outside the framework of the regime and no international support at all .

This was a telling comment on Francoism 's concept of `` normality `` and , particularly , on its view of the intellectual and political capacity of women : men who were not the head of the household in which they lived and all unmarried women were disenfranchized , even if they had reached the age of majority .
this was a telling comment on francoism 's concept of `` normality `` and , particularly , on its view of the intellectual and political [ability] of women : men who were not the head of the household in which they lived and all unmarried women were disenfranchized , even if they had reached the age of majority .

His Lordship begins by looking at direct discrimination under section l ( l ) ( a ) of the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 and concludes that there is no doubt that in general to dismiss a woman because she is pregnant or to refuse to employ a woman of childbearing age because she may become pregnant is unlawful direct discrimination since childbearing and the capacity for childbearing are characteristics of the female sex .
his lordship begins by looking at direct discrimination under section l ( l ) ( a ) of the sex discrimination act 1975 and concludes that there is no doubt that in general to dismiss a woman because she is pregnant or to refuse to employ a woman of childbearing age because she may become pregnant is unlawful direct discrimination since childbearing and the [ability] for childbearing are characteristics of the female sex .

Operations will begin at the end of this year and the plant already has a £9,000 million order book which guarantees its capacity well beyond the year 2002 .
operations will begin at the end of this year and the plant already has a £9,000 million order book which guarantees its [ability] well beyond the year 2002 .

Mis–perceptions tend to occur when an individual 's limited capacity to give attention to competing information under stress produces tunnel vision or when a preconceived diagnosis blocks out sources of inconsistent information .
mis–perceptions tend to occur when an individual 's limited [ability] to give attention to competing information under stress produces tunnel vision or when a preconceived diagnosis blocks out sources of inconsistent information .

the capacity of the turnstiles was exceeded .
the [ability] of the turnstiles was exceeded .

Home Office Guide to Safety at Sports Grounds ( Green Guide ) revised ; crowd density reduced ; turnstile capacity regulated
home office guide to safety at sports grounds ( green guide ) revised ; crowd density reduced ; turnstile [ability] regulated

By the outbreak of the war the State had reorganised the railways into four companies where there had been 130 before ; nationally owned corporations had been created in broadcasting and air passenger transport ; a national grid for electricity supply had been created and a national supply industry organised ; agriculture had been rescued from the doldrums by regulation of its prices and quota systems ; while encouragement had been given to sometimes savage reductions of capacity in shipbuilding , textiles and mining .
by the outbreak of the war the state had reorganised the railways into four companies where there had been 130 before ; nationally owned corporations had been created in broadcasting and air passenger transport ; a national grid for electricity supply had been created and a national supply industry organised ; agriculture had been rescued from the doldrums by regulation of its prices and quota systems ; while encouragement had been given to sometimes savage reductions of [ability] in shipbuilding , textiles and mining .

Unless a society is to utilise only a fraction of the intelligence at its disposal it must obviously in one way or another make sufficient provision for vertical mobility to ensure that capacity passes , unimpeded by vulgar irrelevancies of class or income to the type of education fitted to develop it .
unless a society is to utilise only a fraction of the intelligence at its disposal it must obviously in one way or another make sufficient provision for vertical mobility to ensure that [ability] passes , unimpeded by vulgar irrelevancies of class or income to the type of education fitted to develop it .

This belief in the capacity of intelligence tests to measure the entire child population was echoed by the rarer suggestion that educational psychologists should play a greater part in the allocation process .
this belief in the [ability] of intelligence tests to measure the entire child population was echoed by the rarer suggestion that educational psychologists should play a greater part in the allocation process .

It then accepted a new structure in which a minimum standard of English and arithmetic qualified a child to go on to an intelligence test to measure its ‘ capacity ’ .
it then accepted a new structure in which a minimum standard of english and arithmetic qualified a child to go on to an intelligence test to measure its ‘ [ability] ’ .

Controlled processes are generally assumed to be voluntary , flexible and capacity limited while automatic ones are highly efficient , unavoidable , resistant to modification , not subject to capacity limitations and able to occur without awareness ( LaBerge , 1981 ) .
controlled processes are generally assumed to be voluntary , flexible and [ability] limited while automatic ones are highly efficient , unavoidable , resistant to modification , not subject to [ability] limitations and able to occur without awareness ( laberge , 1981 ) .

Here the task seems to be capacity limited and the driver is acting to increase the resources available for the manoeuvre .
here the task seems to be [ability] limited and the driver is acting to increase the resources available for the manoeuvre .

This can be seen to be in accordance with the Yerkes-Dodson law if it is assumed that more difficult tasks are those which require greater attentional capacity ( c.f .
this can be seen to be in accordance with the yerkes-dodson law if it is assumed that more difficult tasks are those which require greater attentional [ability] ( c.f .

These include acrylonitrile , where our technology is used in 95 % of the world 's manufacturing capacity for this product , and in acetic acid where , again , we are a worldwide player .
these include acrylonitrile , where our technology is used in 95 % of the world 's manufacturing [ability] for this product , and in acetic acid where , again , we are a worldwide player .

Excess capacity and weak demand continued to undermine performance in the downstream oil and chemicals sectors .
excess [ability] and weak demand continued to undermine performance in the downstream oil and chemicals sectors .

Venues will have capacity limits set with regard to fire safety .
venues will have [ability] limits set with regard to fire safety .

v Should either have facilities for , or capacity to use , video , slide projection , exhibition space .
v should either have facilities for , or [ability] to use , video , slide projection , exhibition space .

The estimated spare capacity of the works is 3300 p.e ie Housing 2200 , industry 1100 .
the estimated spare [ability] of the works is 3300 p.e ie housing 2200 , industry 1100 .

This means that British Coal has to shut down a large amount of its production capacity , and this they attempted last autumn .
this means that british coal has to shut down a large amount of its production [ability] , and this they attempted last autumn .

The competitive pressures we saw in 1992 as a result of the continuing over capacity in our industry will remain .
the competitive pressures we saw in 1992 as a result of the continuing over [ability] in our industry will remain .

This capacity of the adjective to stand alongside the verb is just what would be expected if there is a specially close link between the verb and the adjective in the case of the adverbal construction .
this [ability] of the adjective to stand alongside the verb is just what would be expected if there is a specially close link between the verb and the adjective in the case of the adverbal construction .

It is interesting to find that they have somewhat unusual morphological forms , which may suggest that they do indeed make some sort of special call on speakers ' capacity for linguistic construction .
it is interesting to find that they have somewhat unusual morphological forms , which may suggest that they do indeed make some sort of special call on speakers ' [ability] for linguistic construction .

Because of the savings in overheads , and the capacity of such large , high-quality research programmes to attract external funding , such multi-student projects as the mapping of the geology of the Outer Hebrides on contract to the British Geological Survey may become more common in future , with the result that departmental research could become more project-oriented ( applied research ) than subject-inspired ( basic research ) .
because of the savings in overheads , and the [ability] of such large , high-quality research programmes to attract external funding , such multi-student projects as the mapping of the geology of the outer hebrides on contract to the british geological survey may become more common in future , with the result that departmental research could become more project-oriented ( applied research ) than subject-inspired ( basic research ) .

Social factors such as class ; place of residence ; ideological background ; membership of societies ; alliances between geologists for good or bad motives ; professionalism and amateurism ; patronage ; and religion , allied themselves to personality factors such as vanity ; obstinacy ; honesty ( or the lack of it ) ; innate curiosity and intellectual capacity , to create a complex and wholly consistent scenario for the advancement of the science .
social factors such as class ; place of residence ; ideological background ; membership of societies ; alliances between geologists for good or bad motives ; professionalism and amateurism ; patronage ; and religion , allied themselves to personality factors such as vanity ; obstinacy ; honesty ( or the lack of it ) ; innate curiosity and intellectual [ability] , to create a complex and wholly consistent scenario for the advancement of the science .

By 1860 the steam colliers were in demand because of their larger capacity and reliability .
by 1860 the steam colliers were in demand because of their larger [ability] and reliability .

It had a capacity of 20,000 tons in timber silos and was taken over by the Commissioners in 1906 .
it had a [ability] of 20,000 tons in timber silos and was taken over by the commissioners in 1906 .

The discharge capacity of around 220 tons per hour made Leith one of the leading ports in the United Kingdom for handling grain in bulk .
the discharge [ability] of around 220 tons per hour made leith one of the leading ports in the united kingdom for handling grain in bulk .

The demand was met in 1928 by the opening at the Edinburgh Dock of a new reinforced concrete building with silo capacity for a further 16,000 tons .
the demand was met in 1928 by the opening at the edinburgh dock of a new reinforced concrete building with silo [ability] for a further 16,000 tons .

The Caledonia Flour Mills and Grain Warehouse with a capacity of 20,000 tons was completed by Joseph Rank Ltd. in the Western Harbour .
the caledonia flour mills and grain warehouse with a [ability] of 20,000 tons was completed by joseph rank ltd. in the western harbour .

This was to involve the construction of a new Entrance Lock out at the main fairway into the Western Harbour and the fitting of large capacity pumping machinery to enable the total water area within the enclosed system to be maintained at an almost constant level .
this was to involve the construction of a new entrance lock out at the main fairway into the western harbour and the fitting of large [ability] pumping machinery to enable the total water area within the enclosed system to be maintained at an almost constant level .

The storage space in Imperial Grain Warehouse was again extended providing an additional 20,000 tons of bulk silo capacity .
the storage space in imperial grain warehouse was again extended providing an additional 20,000 tons of bulk silo [ability] .

The silos , which were built almost exclusively for the storage of milling wheat have a capacity of 33,000 tons .
the silos , which were built almost exclusively for the storage of milling wheat have a [ability] of 33,000 tons .

It is worth noting that the total grain storage capacity in Leith Docks was now in excess of 124,000 tons .
it is worth noting that the total grain storage [ability] in leith docks was now in excess of 124,000 tons .

The new machines built by Simon Carves increased the discharge capacity by around 60 % .
the new machines built by simon carves increased the discharge [ability] by around 60 % .

The towage capacity of the Authority fleet was greatly increased in July with the arrival of the tug ‘ Oxcar ’ .
the towage [ability] of the authority fleet was greatly increased in july with the arrival of the tug ‘ oxcar ’ .

Each machine has a rated capacity of 150 tonnes per hour .
each machine has a rated [ability] of 150 tonnes per hour .

Money is one of the more fascinating of social inventions which depends on counting as a capacity to express , in a word , measure , the social value of individuals , labour and commodities in society .
money is one of the more fascinating of social inventions which depends on counting as a [ability] to express , in a word , measure , the social value of individuals , labour and commodities in society .

It is individuals who , in one capacity or another , appear on lists used by surveyors to select as their samples .
it is individuals who , in one [ability] or another , appear on lists used by surveyors to select as their samples .

O'Keefe , 36 , who had no direct military experience but was a close confidant of Defence Secretary Dick Cheney , was appointed in an acting capacity for 120 days .
o'keefe , 36 , who had no direct military experience but was a close confidant of defence secretary dick cheney , was appointed in an acting [ability] for 120 days .

Education Minister José Goldemberg had since April held the Environment portfolio in an acting capacity following the dismissal of the controversial José Lutzemberger [ see p. 38810 ] .
education minister josé goldemberg had since april held the environment portfolio in an acting [ability] following the dismissal of the controversial josé lutzemberger [ see p. 38810 ] .

Finance Minister Elvyra Kunceviciene had resigned on July 2 ( her resignation of April 18 — see p. 38880 — had not been accepted ) , but continued in an acting capacity until the appointment of a replacement , later named as Audrius Misevicius .
finance minister elvyra kunceviciene had resigned on july 2 ( her resignation of april 18 — see p. 38880 — had not been accepted ) , but continued in an acting [ability] until the appointment of a replacement , later named as audrius misevicius .

After a period of popular unrest , Avril was forced to resign as President in March 1990 and was replaced in an interim capacity by Ertha Pascal-Trouillot , a Supreme Court justice , under a procedure laid down by the 1987 Constitution .
after a period of popular unrest , avril was forced to resign as president in march 1990 and was replaced in an interim [ability] by ertha pascal-trouillot , a supreme court justice , under a procedure laid down by the 1987 constitution .

Baker , whose key tasks in the State Department had included supervising the Middle East peace process , was succeeded in an acting capacity by his deputy , Lawrence Eagleburger .
baker , whose key tasks in the state department had included supervising the middle east peace process , was succeeded in an acting [ability] by his deputy , lawrence eagleburger .

Pérez stated that the current fiscal crisis was the result of the collapse of the revenue-generating capacity of the oil industry , the traditional backbone of the economy .
pérez stated that the current fiscal crisis was the result of the collapse of the revenue-generating [ability] of the oil industry , the traditional backbone of the economy .

Hata acknowledged that the country 's financial system was facing its most difficult period since 1945 , and that the sharp decline in share and property prices combined with the general economic slowdown had triggered doubts concerning the financial system 's stability and capacity to supply capital which , unless eradicated , could jeopardize any potential recovery .
hata acknowledged that the country 's financial system was facing its most difficult period since 1945 , and that the sharp decline in share and property prices combined with the general economic slowdown had triggered doubts concerning the financial system 's stability and [ability] to supply capital which , unless eradicated , could jeopardize any potential recovery .

The more serious fighting in early July was in Slovenia , notably in the region of the Krsko nuclear power station ( eastern Slovenia ) , where the Slovene authorities also reduced capacity to 25 per cent on July 2 in preparation for a possible emergency shutdown after it was buzzed by military aircraft .
the more serious fighting in early july was in slovenia , notably in the region of the krsko nuclear power station ( eastern slovenia ) , where the slovene authorities also reduced [ability] to 25 per cent on july 2 in preparation for a possible emergency shutdown after it was buzzed by military aircraft .

It was widely believed that North Korea had the capacity — or was on the verge of achieving it — to produce a nuclear weapon .
it was widely believed that north korea had the [ability] — or was on the verge of achieving it — to produce a nuclear weapon .

There were also reports that North Korea was developing a new missile with sufficient range to reach Japan , and currently had the capacity to produce 4,500 tonnes of chemical weapons per year .
there were also reports that north korea was developing a new missile with sufficient range to reach japan , and currently had the [ability] to produce 4,500 tonnes of chemical weapons per year .

In Angola and Mozambique , once self-sufficient in food , armed conflicts had hit production capacity and were now seriously hindering food relief operations , although there were improved prospects of a resolution of the civil wars in these two countries [ see p. 37951 ] .
in angola and mozambique , once self-sufficient in food , armed conflicts had hit production [ability] and were now seriously hindering food relief operations , although there were improved prospects of a resolution of the civil wars in these two countries [ see p. 37951 ] .

Reports of the Cabinet 's first meeting revealed that Mikhail Shkabardnya , hitherto Chief Administrator of the Council of Ministers , was continuing in that capacity in the new Cabinet .
reports of the cabinet 's first meeting revealed that mikhail shkabardnya , hitherto chief administrator of the council of ministers , was continuing in that [ability] in the new cabinet .

Two young economists , Fatos Nano and Shkelqim Cani , were appointed Deputy Premiers , the former having been brought into the government in the last reshuffle , in December , as General Secretary of the Council of Ministers ( in which capacity he was now replaced by Aleks Laurasi ) , and the latter having previously served as Director General of the Bank for Foreign Economic Relations .
two young economists , fatos nano and shkelqim cani , were appointed deputy premiers , the former having been brought into the government in the last reshuffle , in december , as general secretary of the council of ministers ( in which [ability] he was now replaced by aleks laurasi ) , and the latter having previously served as director general of the bank for foreign economic relations .

He subsequently offered to supply free electricity to Czechoslovakia to compensate for the loss of generating capacity from the plant .
he subsequently offered to supply free electricity to czechoslovakia to compensate for the loss of generating [ability] from the plant .

The grain had been promised in July , but the limited capacity of Albanian ports had proved a problem .
the grain had been promised in july , but the limited [ability] of albanian ports had proved a problem .

Apart from establishing common criteria for the licensing of airlines and routes , they set out to guarantee an EC-wide right of cabotage ( the carriage of one country 's freight or passenger traffic by an airline from another country ) , to phase out capacity quotas at airports , and to end the preferential access arrangements accorded by some countries to their own domestic airlines .
apart from establishing common criteria for the licensing of airlines and routes , they set out to guarantee an ec-wide right of cabotage ( the carriage of one country 's freight or passenger traffic by an airline from another country ) , to phase out [ability] quotas at airports , and to end the preferential access arrangements accorded by some countries to their own domestic airlines .

An agenda proposal by Yeltsin 's opponents that he should give a `` report back `` explaining his conduct was defeated in favour of Yeltsin 's giving the customary keynote report in his capacity as Chair of the Russian Federation Supreme Soviet .
an agenda proposal by yeltsin 's opponents that he should give a `` report back `` explaining his conduct was defeated in favour of yeltsin 's giving the customary keynote report in his [ability] as chair of the russian federation supreme soviet .

The head of state of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas , an independent member of the Commonwealth since July 1973 , is the British sovereign , represented by a Governor General ( currently Sir Henry Taylor in an acting capacity ) .
the head of state of the commonwealth of the bahamas , an independent member of the commonwealth since july 1973 , is the british sovereign , represented by a governor general ( currently sir henry taylor in an acting [ability] ) .

Abdul al Wahhab Abdul Salam Attar became Minister of Planning , a portfolio held in an acting capacity by Shaikh Hisham Nazer since his appointment in 1986 as Minister for Petroleum and Mineral Resources [ see p. 35289 ] .
abdul al wahhab abdul salam attar became minister of planning , a portfolio held in an acting [ability] by shaikh hisham nazer since his appointment in 1986 as minister for petroleum and mineral resources [ see p. 35289 ] .

He was replaced in an acting capacity by his arch-rival , the anti-communist Croatian Stipe Mesic , who had hitherto been Deputy President and who had anyway been due to succeed Jovic in May 1991 .
he was replaced in an acting [ability] by his arch-rival , the anti-communist croatian stipe mesic , who had hitherto been deputy president and who had anyway been due to succeed jovic in may 1991 .

Nenad Bucin did not rescind his resignation , but in accordance with constitutional provisions Momir Bulatovic , the president of the Montenegrin presidency , took over in an acting capacity as Montenegro representative on the Collective State Presidency .
nenad bucin did not rescind his resignation , but in accordance with constitutional provisions momir bulatovic , the president of the montenegrin presidency , took over in an acting [ability] as montenegro representative on the collective state presidency .

36881-82 ] that Vietnamese forces had been used in anything more than an emergency capacity .
36881-82 ] that vietnamese forces had been used in anything more than an emergency [ability] .

The outgoing administration was asked to stay on meanwhile in a caretaker capacity .
the outgoing administration was asked to stay on meanwhile in a caretaker [ability] .

Ukraine participated in a non-voting capacity , since its head of delegation had not been given plenary powers other than to sign agreements on co-operation in meteorology , environmental protection , and electricity production ( Ukraine did not in fact sign these agreements ) .
ukraine participated in a non-voting [ability] , since its head of delegation had not been given plenary powers other than to sign agreements on co-operation in meteorology , environmental protection , and electricity production ( ukraine did not in fact sign these agreements ) .

On May 5 Mujjaddedi , who had already indicated that he might remain as interim president for longer than the specified two months , appointed a Cabinet ( most members in an acting capacity ) in a move regarded by some commentators as a violation of the Peshawar Accord .
on may 5 mujjaddedi , who had already indicated that he might remain as interim president for longer than the specified two months , appointed a cabinet ( most members in an acting [ability] ) in a move regarded by some commentators as a violation of the peshawar accord .

By the end of May , Vagnorius , refusing to explain his resignation to the Supreme Council , was still Prime Minister , albeit in an acting capacity .
by the end of may , vagnorius , refusing to explain his resignation to the supreme council , was still prime minister , albeit in an acting [ability] .

The Council `` notes that there is a wide recognition of the need to extend or define the Community 's competence in specific areas `` , among them : `` the social dimension , including the need for social dialogue ; economic and social cohesion among the member states ; improved protection of the environment in order to ensure sustainable growth ; the health sector and in particular the combating of major diseases ; a research effort commensurate with the development of the Community 's competitive capacity ; an energy policy aiming at greater security and efficiency , bearing in mind also co-operation in the whole of Europe [ a Dutch proposal ] ; providing the Community with major infrastructures , allowing also the completion of a trans-European network ; safeguarding the diversity of the European heritage and promoting cultural exchanges and education … ``
the council `` notes that there is a wide recognition of the need to extend or define the community 's competence in specific areas `` , among them : `` the social dimension , including the need for social dialogue ; economic and social cohesion among the member states ; improved protection of the environment in order to ensure sustainable growth ; the health sector and in particular the combating of major diseases ; a research effort commensurate with the development of the community 's competitive [ability] ; an energy policy aiming at greater security and efficiency , bearing in mind also co-operation in the whole of europe [ a dutch proposal ] ; providing the community with major infrastructures , allowing also the completion of a trans-european network ; safeguarding the diversity of the european heritage and promoting cultural exchanges and education … ``

Hrawi asked Hoss to continue as Prime Minister in a caretaker capacity until a new government was formed .
hrawi asked hoss to continue as prime minister in a caretaker [ability] until a new government was formed .

The elections of Oct. 27 had produced a fragmented legislature , and the government of Prime Minister Jan Krzysztof Bielecki had continued in a caretaker capacity .
the elections of oct. 27 had produced a fragmented legislature , and the government of prime minister jan krzysztof bielecki had continued in a caretaker [ability] .

The reactor has been redesigned to run on low enriched uranium and its capacity upgraded from 5 to 10 megawatts .
the reactor has been redesigned to run on low enriched uranium and its [ability] upgraded from 5 to 10 megawatts .

The latest truce came amidst reports that the partial blockade of food and fuel had seriously tested the capacity of Kurdish fighters to administer the region and had caused widespread civilian suffering .
the latest truce came amidst reports that the partial blockade of food and fuel had seriously tested the [ability] of kurdish fighters to administer the region and had caused widespread civilian suffering .

No party won an absolute majority and the outgoing government remained in office in a caretaker capacity as inter-party negotiations took place .
no party won an absolute majority and the outgoing government remained in office in a caretaker [ability] as inter-party negotiations took place .

On Nov. 29 parliament decided that it would not debate the resignation , thus formally keeping the government in power , effectively in a caretaker capacity until the election of the new President .
on nov. 29 parliament decided that it would not debate the resignation , thus formally keeping the government in power , effectively in a caretaker [ability] until the election of the new president .

He had filled the post in an acting capacity since the resignation of Vitaly Masol in October .
he had filled the post in an acting [ability] since the resignation of vitaly masol in october .

Hitherto de facto president in his capacity as Supreme Soviet Chair , he defeated one other candidate .
hitherto de facto president in his [ability] as supreme soviet chair , he defeated one other candidate .

The `` Paris Club `` of industrialized creditor countries would write down rescheduled debt by two-thirds instead of one-third ; they would deal with the total debt of an eligible country in one operation instead of in one-year maturities ; interest payments would be capitalized for the first five years of rescheduling , with debt repayments linked to the debtor nation 's export capacity ; and the repayment period would be extended from 14 to 25 years .
the `` paris club `` of industrialized creditor countries would write down rescheduled debt by two-thirds instead of one-third ; they would deal with the total debt of an eligible country in one operation instead of in one-year maturities ; interest payments would be capitalized for the first five years of rescheduling , with debt repayments linked to the debtor nation 's export [ability] ; and the repayment period would be extended from 14 to 25 years .

Despite the expected growth in demand , the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association warned in a report published on April 10 , 1990 , that air travel in western Europe would be brought to a standstill if improvements were not made in capacity , the harmonization of air traffic control and the availability of trained air traffic controllers .
despite the expected growth in demand , the geneva-based international air transport association warned in a report published on april 10 , 1990 , that air travel in western europe would be brought to a standstill if improvements were not made in [ability] , the harmonization of air traffic control and the availability of trained air traffic controllers .

The council held its first session on Dec. 14 and conferred the rank of general on President Saparmurad Niyazov , in his capacity as supreme commander of the armed forces .
the council held its first session on dec. 14 and conferred the rank of general on president saparmurad niyazov , in his [ability] as supreme commander of the armed forces .

Talks between the two Prime Ministers scheduled for Oct. 6 were cancelled , but at a news conference in Bratislava on Oct. 5 Meciar said that they had agreed to meet in their capacity as party leaders .
talks between the two prime ministers scheduled for oct. 6 were cancelled , but at a news conference in bratislava on oct. 5 meciar said that they had agreed to meet in their [ability] as party leaders .

The shortages were partly the result of reduced capacity at two main refineries which helped process the 1,700,000 barrels of crude oil produced per day .
the shortages were partly the result of reduced [ability] at two main refineries which helped process the 1,700,000 barrels of crude oil produced per day .

The suspension of petrol sales , first adopted as a temporary measure on Jan. 24 [ see also p. 37759 ] , came amidst allied claims that bombing raids had destroyed up to 80 per cent of the country 's oil refining capacity .
the suspension of petrol sales , first adopted as a temporary measure on jan. 24 [ see also p. 37759 ] , came amidst allied claims that bombing raids had destroyed up to 80 per cent of the country 's oil refining [ability] .

Military expenditure therefore absorbed 70 per cent of revenues , and over half the country 's industry was at a standstill , the remainder working below capacity .
military expenditure therefore absorbed 70 per cent of revenues , and over half the country 's industry was at a standstill , the remainder working below [ability] .

Improved world prices led to a recovery in copper production ( 448,500 tonnes in 1989-90 ) , albeit still below full capacity .
improved world prices led to a recovery in copper production ( 448,500 tonnes in 1989-90 ) , albeit still below full [ability] .

Second , the `` medicalisation of life `` destroys people 's capacity for self-care and self-responsibility .
second , the `` medicalisation of life `` destroys people 's [ability] for self-care and self-responsibility .

Excessive demands are placed on governments by sectional interest groups beyond their capacity to meet them .
excessive demands are placed on governments by sectional interest groups beyond their [ability] to meet them .

Companies have sought to deal with these pressures in ways which reduce their fixed overheads , increase their responsiveness to their markets and enhance their capacity to adapt and deal with change .
companies have sought to deal with these pressures in ways which reduce their fixed overheads , increase their responsiveness to their markets and enhance their [ability] to adapt and deal with change .

This often led to unused spare capacity , as beds were closed and surgeons idle towards the end of the financial year .
this often led to unused spare [ability] , as beds were closed and surgeons idle towards the end of the financial year .

The Griffiths Report had summed up the service 's capacity for inertia and resistance to change just as graphically :
the griffiths report had summed up the service 's [ability] for inertia and resistance to change just as graphically :

Finally , public organisations urgently need to enhance their capacity for social learning , creativity and flexible response .
finally , public organisations urgently need to enhance their [ability] for social learning , creativity and flexible response .

Television , film and video have the capacity to command attention and often pupils have a positive attitude towards television or video .
television , film and video have the [ability] to command attention and often pupils have a positive attitude towards television or video .

The curriculum development work of that post has been covered by the other members of the enterprise staff and by Sheila Stewart in her capacity as a temporary Enterprise Development Officer , commencing work from March 1993 .
the curriculum development work of that post has been covered by the other members of the enterprise staff and by sheila stewart in her [ability] as a temporary enterprise development officer , commencing work from march 1993 .

This distance may therefore result , inter alia , in above average transport costs , restricted access to large urban conglomerations with a concomitant reduction in the capacity to develop service activities and an inferior transport infrastructure .
this distance may therefore result , inter alia , in above average transport costs , restricted access to large urban conglomerations with a concomitant reduction in the [ability] to develop service activities and an inferior transport infrastructure .

( 6 ) Where an offence under this section committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of , or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of , any director , manager or secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity , he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly .
( 6 ) where an offence under this section committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of , or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of , any director , manager or secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate or any person who was purporting to act in any such [ability] , he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly .

With advance in other areas of chemistry over the years , the zeolite based exchange material was able to be replaced by manufactured , synthetic ion exchange resin beads , with a highter capacity for ion exchange , coupled with physical and chemical stability .
with advance in other areas of chemistry over the years , the zeolite based exchange material was able to be replaced by manufactured , synthetic ion exchange resin beads , with a highter [ability] for ion exchange , coupled with physical and chemical stability .

As explained previously , ion exchange resins have a finite capacity to remove calcium and magnesium ( the hardness forming salts ) .
as explained previously , ion exchange resins have a finite [ability] to remove calcium and magnesium ( the hardness forming salts ) .

They are available in two sizes , a standard 2/3 gastronorm capacity and a full size 1/1 model , the Gastronorm .
they are available in two sizes , a standard 2/3 gastronorm [ability] and a full size 1/1 model , the gastronorm .

But , there will also be many instances where the oven is only working to half or less than half of its full capacity for most of the day .
but , there will also be many instances where the oven is only working to half or less than half of its full [ability] for most of the day .

The second tort had not reduced the plaintiff 's suffering or his reduction in earning capacity .
the second tort had not reduced the plaintiff 's suffering or his reduction in earning [ability] .

The injury reduced the plaintiff 's earning capacity by 50 % .
the injury reduced the plaintiff 's earning [ability] by 50 % .

In order to give a valid consent , it is necessary that the patient had the capacity to do so .
in order to give a valid consent , it is necessary that the patient had the [ability] to do so .

Of course , the capacity of societies with little technology but plentiful manpower to erect impressive structures can be widely illustrated .
of course , the [ability] of societies with little technology but plentiful manpower to erect impressive structures can be widely illustrated .

For all its elaboration , it depended heavily on the capacity of one individual , and if he was incapable trouble of some sort was likely .
for all its elaboration , it depended heavily on the [ability] of one individual , and if he was incapable trouble of some sort was likely .

For all that , the key to his return was the total panic of May and the total lack of confidence in the capacity of the existing regime to extricate France from the crisis .
for all that , the key to his return was the total panic of may and the total lack of confidence in the [ability] of the existing regime to extricate france from the crisis .

In general , de Gaulle was acutely aware of the danger of being boxed in by his own institutions and losing the capacity to act as an individual and to exert his personal will .
in general , de gaulle was acutely aware of the danger of being boxed in by his own institutions and losing the [ability] to act as an individual and to exert his personal will .

To write , as one historian has recently , that `` a sign of the vitality and strength of Orthodox churchmanship in the eighteenth century was its capacity to put forth new branches : Methodism and Evangelicalism `` is to make one point while obscuring another .
to write , as one historian has recently , that `` a sign of the vitality and strength of orthodox churchmanship in the eighteenth century was its [ability] to put forth new branches : methodism and evangelicalism `` is to make one point while obscuring another .

However , recruitment companies should provide far more than an emergency relief service and should be able to deal with all problematical staff-finding jobs in a diplomatic and professional manner . For example , who do you turn to when you need to find a chef with experience in the Far East , and skilled in the preparation of both fish and pastry ? Who do you turn to when you know you have to replace a member of staff who has to be kept in ignorance of the situation for the next few weeks ? Who do you turn to when you take over your first pub with a busy passing trade and you really do not know how many staff to employ or in what capacity to employ them ?
however , recruitment companies should provide far more than an emergency relief service and should be able to deal with all problematical staff-finding jobs in a diplomatic and professional manner . for example , who do you turn to when you need to find a chef with experience in the far east , and skilled in the preparation of both fish and pastry ? who do you turn to when you know you have to replace a member of staff who has to be kept in ignorance of the situation for the next few weeks ? who do you turn to when you take over your first pub with a busy passing trade and you really do not know how many staff to employ or in what [ability] to employ them ?

Tourism is an increasingly obvious development of Middle East service economies and will no doubt fuel the expansion of greater bed capacity in the years ahead .
tourism is an increasingly obvious development of middle east service economies and will no doubt fuel the expansion of greater bed [ability] in the years ahead .

Hilda Lodge , in her new capacity of Chairman , welcomed everyone and said that apologies had been received from a number of teachers which had resulted in a smaller than usual attendance .
hilda lodge , in her new [ability] of chairman , welcomed everyone and said that apologies had been received from a number of teachers which had resulted in a smaller than usual attendance .

One can indeed use could in a positive sentence evoking a past capacity which was never even exercised : ( 11 ) Ten years ago , the super-powers could already destroy the world 1000 times over .
one can indeed use could in a positive sentence evoking a past [ability] which was never even exercised : ( 11 ) ten years ago , the super-powers could already destroy the world 1000 times over .

This is confirmed with respect to another sense of would by Palmer 's observation ( 1983 : 212 ) that the volitional sense behaves the same way as could expressing past capacity .
this is confirmed with respect to another sense of would by palmer 's observation ( 1983 : 212 ) that the volitional sense behaves the same way as could expressing past [ability] .

Thus in He can sing the incidence of `` sing `` to `` he `` exists as a potential in the present : the person referred to possesses at the present moment the capacity of realizing this action .
thus in he can sing the incidence of `` sing `` to `` he `` exists as a potential in the present : the person referred to possesses at the present moment the [ability] of realizing this action .

These findings support the contention that ‘ capacity to benefit ’ certainly extends to non-standard entry students .
these findings support the contention that ‘ [ability] to benefit ’ certainly extends to non-standard entry students .

Tilda cared nothing for the future , and had , as a result , a great capacity for happiness .
tilda cared nothing for the future , and had , as a result , a great [ability] for happiness .

Science simply ignored the fact that livestock are creatures with a capacity to suffer .
science simply ignored the fact that livestock are creatures with a [ability] to suffer .

Experts believe they suffer just as much on harrowing journeys , although nature has invested these animals with the capacity ( once valuable for protection from predators ) for not revealing pain or fear .
experts believe they suffer just as much on harrowing journeys , although nature has invested these animals with the [ability] ( once valuable for protection from predators ) for not revealing pain or fear .

For the decisive reassertion of these claims , we must wait for Nietzsche , Wagner 's young friend and admirer who , like Wagner himself , had the deepest respect for Schopenhauer 's ideas , but , unlike the composer , also possessed the capacity to reappraise those ideas and challenge them .
for the decisive reassertion of these claims , we must wait for nietzsche , wagner 's young friend and admirer who , like wagner himself , had the deepest respect for schopenhauer 's ideas , but , unlike the composer , also possessed the [ability] to reappraise those ideas and challenge them .

For while Schopenhauer gave music a gratifyingly important role within his scheme of things , the music on which he based his theories was primarily the formally respectable tradition that he saw represented in Haydn and Mozart ; and the importance he gave to music turned to a large extent on its supposed capacity to foster the right — dispassionate and otherworldly — response .
for while schopenhauer gave music a gratifyingly important role within his scheme of things , the music on which he based his theories was primarily the formally respectable tradition that he saw represented in haydn and mozart ; and the importance he gave to music turned to a large extent on its supposed [ability] to foster the right — dispassionate and otherworldly — response .

Yet although her capacity for distortion is well known and although her account of the genesis has been questioned ( Erich Podach has called it `` untenable `` , nicht haltbar ) its substance is still widely accepted — by her brother 's latter-day detractors no less than his admirers .
yet although her [ability] for distortion is well known and although her account of the genesis has been questioned ( erich podach has called it `` untenable `` , nicht haltbar ) its substance is still widely accepted — by her brother 's latter-day detractors no less than his admirers .

On moving to Switzerland , he had forfeited his German citizenship and was therefore ineligible for active service , but an exception was made for him , and as a German patriot he was allowed to volunteer in the capacity of medical orderly .
on moving to switzerland , he had forfeited his german citizenship and was therefore ineligible for active service , but an exception was made for him , and as a german patriot he was allowed to volunteer in the [ability] of medical orderly .

Nietzsche 's capacity to stick to a plan , however , was no greater than before , and at or towards the end of the year he produced a spate of alternatives .
nietzsche 's [ability] to stick to a plan , however , was no greater than before , and at or towards the end of the year he produced a spate of alternatives .

Only a spectator with a truly aesthetic capacity can respond properly to myth .
only a spectator with a truly aesthetic [ability] can respond properly to myth .

The worth of any people depends on its capacity to do this .
the worth of any people depends on its [ability] to do this .

The Dionysiac capacity of a nation is revealed equally by its music and its tragic myth .
the dionysiac [ability] of a nation is revealed equally by its music and its tragic myth .

The development of the new German music drama , therefore , fully attests our latent Dionysiac capacity .
the development of the new german music drama , therefore , fully attests our latent dionysiac [ability] .

Her father Thomas , a Dalton-in-Furness man aged 44 , after marrying a Millom girl ( also Sarah ) , moved to Ulverston where he worked in the capacity of general labourer .
her father thomas , a dalton-in-furness man aged 44 , after marrying a millom girl ( also sarah ) , moved to ulverston where he worked in the [ability] of general labourer .

Using a cybernetic model ( an analogical comparison between minds and computers ) they worked out the thesis that man has , through language ( that is , through verbal behaviour ) `` the capacity to use plans to construct plans to guide human behaviour `` .
using a cybernetic model ( an analogical comparison between minds and computers ) they worked out the thesis that man has , through language ( that is , through verbal behaviour ) `` the [ability] to use plans to construct plans to guide human behaviour `` .

The capacity to refer an utterance to the context in which it occurs .
the [ability] to refer an utterance to the context in which it occurs .

Chomsky claims that an understanding of transformational grammar is essential for any philosopher , psychologist or biologist who wishes to take account of man 's capacity for language .
chomsky claims that an understanding of transformational grammar is essential for any philosopher , psychologist or biologist who wishes to take account of man 's [ability] for language .

Different individuals work at different speeds — you are more likely to achieve most if you can work at a speed which challenges you but which is not beyond your capacity to attain .
different individuals work at different speeds — you are more likely to achieve most if you can work at a speed which challenges you but which is not beyond your [ability] to attain .

There is a creeping ratchet effect : capacity means something can be done and once it is being done it is expanded or generalised ; that in turn means there is need for more support ; in turn that support needs supporting , so creating more capacity , and the cycle repeats .
there is a creeping ratchet effect : [ability] means something can be done and once it is being done it is expanded or generalised ; that in turn means there is need for more support ; in turn that support needs supporting , so creating more [ability] , and the cycle repeats .

There may be serious lack of qualified or trained personnel , and a reduced capacity to educate their successors or replacements .
there may be serious lack of qualified or trained personnel , and a reduced [ability] to educate their successors or replacements .

The gastri pH profile produced by the meal was also measured in the same subjects and its total buffering capacity was measured in vitro by titration .
the gastri ph profile produced by the meal was also measured in the same subjects and its total buffering [ability] was measured in vitro by titration .

Buffering capacity of the test meal
buffering [ability] of the test meal

Central to the application of these techniques in renewal tissues has been the isolation and maintenance ex vivo of progenitor or pluripotent stem cells , which by definition have the capacity for both self maintenance and for production of distinct functional cell lineages .
central to the application of these techniques in renewal tissues has been the isolation and maintenance ex vivo of progenitor or pluripotent stem cells , which by definition have the [ability] for both self maintenance and for production of distinct functional cell lineages .

Stem cells , which are few in number and intermediate transit cells , which have limited proliferative capacity , occupy the lower two thirds of each crypt .
stem cells , which are few in number and intermediate transit cells , which have limited proliferative [ability] , occupy the lower two thirds of each crypt .

In addition , the stem cells ' capacity for organotypic development — that is , for restoration of cell lineages and tissue architecture , should be unaffected by the isolation , culture or transplantation procedures .
in addition , the stem cells ' [ability] for organotypic development — that is , for restoration of cell lineages and tissue architecture , should be unaffected by the isolation , culture or transplantation procedures .

Grafting models were then developed to assess the capacity of cells isolated and cultured by this method , for organotypic development .
grafting models were then developed to assess the [ability] of cells isolated and cultured by this method , for organotypic development .

Their capacity for organotypic development is retained after isolation and shortterm primary culture .
their [ability] for organotypic development is retained after isolation and shortterm primary culture .

The major source of the neutralising capacity of saliva is its bicarbonate content , but there is now evidence that gland bearing oesophageal mucosa can also secrete alkali , a phenomenon first documented in the opossum esophagus in vivo .
the major source of the neutralising [ability] of saliva is its bicarbonate content , but there is now evidence that gland bearing oesophageal mucosa can also secrete alkali , a phenomenon first documented in the opossum esophagus in vivo .

Nearly 400 years later three major studies have shown that maximal gastric secretory capacity is increased in smokers compared with non-smokers , in both controls and those with duodenal ulcers .
nearly 400 years later three major studies have shown that maximal gastric secretory [ability] is increased in smokers compared with non-smokers , in both controls and those with duodenal ulcers .

It has been shown ( see introduction ) that chronic smoking leads to a chronically raised gastric secretory capacity in both control and duodenal ulcer subjects , and that the secretory capacity of an individual is related solely to the size of his parietal cell mass , and not to any change in the sensitivity of those cells ; this also appears to be the case in smokers .
it has been shown ( see introduction ) that chronic smoking leads to a chronically raised gastric secretory [ability] in both control and duodenal ulcer subjects , and that the secretory [ability] of an individual is related solely to the size of his parietal cell mass , and not to any change in the sensitivity of those cells ; this also appears to be the case in smokers .

It could also be argued that the increased maximal secretory capacity of smokers is the result of chronic vagal stimulation which enhances acid secretion .
it could also be argued that the increased maximal secretory [ability] of smokers is the result of chronic vagal stimulation which enhances acid secretion .

Lintners starch was added to a slurry portion of 60 ml in a serum bottle ( 70 ml capacity ) to give a final concentration of 0.2 % ( w/v ) .
lintners starch was added to a slurry portion of 60 ml in a serum bottle ( 70 ml [ability] ) to give a final concentration of 0.2 % ( w/v ) .

Extraction procedures were the same in patients and controls and values can be regarded as an index of the capacity of the mucosa to synthesis eicosanoids .
extraction procedures were the same in patients and controls and values can be regarded as an index of the [ability] of the mucosa to synthesis eicosanoids .

in his capacity as Treasurer of Southern Division reported that the Divisional Grant was too low as the cost of hiring meeting rooms was very high .
in his [ability] as treasurer of southern division reported that the divisional grant was too low as the cost of hiring meeting rooms was very high .

With its larger 2515 × 915 mm capacity and 125 mircon material the Supreme Cadaver bag is designed to make transfer of the deceased easy , clean , efficient and secure .
with its larger 2515 × 915 mm [ability] and 125 mircon material the supreme cadaver bag is designed to make transfer of the deceased easy , clean , efficient and secure .

Chronic alcoholic patients may have normal , enhanced , or diminished acid secretory capacity ; hypochlorhydria being associated histologically with atrophic gastritis .
chronic alcoholic patients may have normal , enhanced , or diminished acid secretory [ability] ; hypochlorhydria being associated histologically with atrophic gastritis .

The stomach 's adaptive capacity may alter its response to alcohol , but , there are few studies that have considered this problem .
the stomach 's adaptive [ability] may alter its response to alcohol , but , there are few studies that have considered this problem .

The gastric acid secretory capacity in chronic alcoholic patients and those with alcoholic pancreatitis has been studied , with contradictory results reported by different studies .
the gastric acid secretory [ability] in chronic alcoholic patients and those with alcoholic pancreatitis has been studied , with contradictory results reported by different studies .

Strips of the distal internal anal sphincter measuring 1×1×10 mm and containing parallel muscle bundles were prepared and mounted for isometric tension recording in superfusion organ baths ( capacity 0.2 ml ) .
strips of the distal internal anal sphincter measuring 1×1×10 mm and containing parallel muscle bundles were prepared and mounted for isometric tension recording in superfusion organ baths ( [ability] 0.2 ml ) .

The results of automated full blood counts ( both lowest documented and on first outpatient attendance ) and an assessment of iron store state ( with serum iron , total iron binding capacity or ferritin , or both ) were recorded .
the results of automated full blood counts ( both lowest documented and on first outpatient attendance ) and an assessment of iron store state ( with serum iron , total iron binding [ability] or ferritin , or both ) were recorded .

None the less iron deficiency was proved in 63 of 111 patients ( serum iron < 11 µmol/l with iron binding capacity > 72 % or ferritin < 15 µg/l , or both ) .
none the less iron deficiency was proved in 63 of 111 patients ( serum iron < 11 µmol/l with iron binding [ability] > 72 % or ferritin < 15 µg/l , or both ) .

Forty three patients had partially treated iron deficiency with a typical blood film and microcytosis ( mean cell volume < 76 fl ) or iron , iron binding capacity or ferritin , or all four at the extremes of the normal range and a response to iron treatment .
forty three patients had partially treated iron deficiency with a typical blood film and microcytosis ( mean cell volume < 76 fl ) or iron , iron binding [ability] or ferritin , or all four at the extremes of the normal range and a response to iron treatment .

In a training capacity she had the opportunity to travel to many parts of England , Ireland and Scotland and has the satisfaction of training the National Display Team .
in a training [ability] she had the opportunity to travel to many parts of england , ireland and scotland and has the satisfaction of training the national display team .

Taking these observations together with other data , we conclude that the gastrin gene is likely to be expressed in many colorectal cancers , although the capacity to process progastrin to a biologically active product seems to be poorly developed .
taking these observations together with other data , we conclude that the gastrin gene is likely to be expressed in many colorectal cancers , although the [ability] to process progastrin to a biologically active product seems to be poorly developed .

If the hepatic capacity to eliminate portal endotoxins is exceeded , spillover into the systemic circulation will occur .
if the hepatic [ability] to eliminate portal endotoxins is exceeded , spillover into the systemic circulation will occur .

They demonstrated the capacity of kaolin , kaopectate , bentonite ( aluminium silicate ) , and carbomedicinalis ( activated charcoal ) to blind endotoxin in vitro .
they demonstrated the [ability] of kaolin , kaopectate , bentonite ( aluminium silicate ) , and carbomedicinalis ( activated charcoal ) to blind endotoxin in vitro .

The effectiveness of charcoal in the colon has been questioned , however , as passage through the upper gastrointestinal tract generally saturates the adsorptive capacity of the drug .
the effectiveness of charcoal in the colon has been questioned , however , as passage through the upper gastrointestinal tract generally saturates the adsorptive [ability] of the drug .

It would therefore appear that in determining the dose of adsorbent required , it is necessary to take into account the size of the intestinal endotoxin pool , the extent of dysfunction of the gut mucosal barrier and the adsorptive capacity of the agent .
it would therefore appear that in determining the dose of adsorbent required , it is necessary to take into account the size of the intestinal endotoxin pool , the extent of dysfunction of the gut mucosal barrier and the adsorptive [ability] of the agent .

In particular , the capacity of central nervous system centres to influence liver function has not been evaluated .
in particular , the [ability] of central nervous system centres to influence liver function has not been evaluated .

The capacity of the gastric mucosa to protect itself from injury is determined by many factors , and aggravation of experimental injury as seen after sensory nerve ablation , may result either from impairment of mucosal defence or retardation of rapid repair or both .
the [ability] of the gastric mucosa to protect itself from injury is determined by many factors , and aggravation of experimental injury as seen after sensory nerve ablation , may result either from impairment of mucosal defence or retardation of rapid repair or both .

Brewing capacity in Kilkenny has been expanded to meet future anticipated demand .
brewing [ability] in kilkenny has been expanded to meet future anticipated demand .

Canned Draught Guinness is showing good growth and capacity for development .
canned draught guinness is showing good growth and [ability] for development .

Woodacon Oils continued to be a steady performer , increasing its product storage capacity .
woodacon oils continued to be a steady performer , increasing its product storage [ability] .

In its reserved judgement given on 12th March 1992 , the Court concluded that the Visitors acted in their capacity as Judges of the High Court and not as visitors in the usual sense and were thus not reviewable .
in its reserved judgement given on 12th march 1992 , the court concluded that the visitors acted in their [ability] as judges of the high court and not as visitors in the usual sense and were thus not reviewable .

’ The bars admit to standing room only ( early birds perch on stools ) , and the extensive lounges with their arm chairs set in fours soon fill to capacity .
’ the bars admit to standing room only ( early birds perch on stools ) , and the extensive lounges with their arm chairs set in fours soon fill to [ability] .

It can be argued that the imperfections of the market will become increasingly important after firms have exceeded their ‘ debt capacity ’ and lenders of funds no longer perceive the equity financing as an adequate cushion in the event of liquidation .
it can be argued that the imperfections of the market will become increasingly important after firms have exceeded their ‘ debt [ability] ’ and lenders of funds no longer perceive the equity financing as an adequate cushion in the event of liquidation .

Extend the capacity of the factory .
extend the [ability] of the factory .

If in-house capacity exists .
if in-house [ability] exists .

There must be capacity .
there must be [ability] .

Davis and Lawrence ( 1977 ) , however , state ‘ a significant outcome of matrix organization is its apparent capacity to foster innovation .
davis and lawrence ( 1977 ) , however , state ‘ a significant outcome of matrix organization is its apparent [ability] to foster innovation .

In those industries where continuous product innovation is a criterion for survival and success , organizations that have adopted the matrix seem to fare well … benefits of standardisation are coupled with the capacity to respond to change — a way to have your cake and eat it too ’ .
in those industries where continuous product innovation is a criterion for survival and success , organizations that have adopted the matrix seem to fare well … benefits of standardisation are coupled with the [ability] to respond to change — a way to have your cake and eat it too ’ .

The department emphasised last night that it had agreed to meet Acas in its advisory capacity .
the department emphasised last night that it had agreed to meet acas in its advisory [ability] .

Although a private man and somewhat of a loner , he worked tirelessly for the department both in a teaching and administrative capacity .
although a private man and somewhat of a loner , he worked tirelessly for the department both in a teaching and administrative [ability] .

Since then safety work has pushed up that capacity and when the ( New Zealand ) All Blacks play there in three weeks it will be helped to 21,000 by a temporary stand erected over the Tanner Bank wall on the outfield of the adjacent cricket field , adding 2,300 spectators who need not be counted in the official figure .
since then safety work has pushed up that [ability] and when the ( new zealand ) all blacks play there in three weeks it will be helped to 21,000 by a temporary stand erected over the tanner bank wall on the outfield of the adjacent cricket field , adding 2,300 spectators who need not be counted in the official figure .

The West German vessel is considered the world 's most sophisticated conventionally powered submarine , both in combat efficiency and ‘ sustainability ’ or battery storage capacity .
the west german vessel is considered the world 's most sophisticated conventionally powered submarine , both in combat efficiency and ‘ sustainability ’ or battery storage [ability] .

The same disagreement has emerged more recently in the context of human language acquisition , in the debate between those who , like Noam Chomsky , suppose that human beings have an innate capacity to acquire language , and the behaviourists , who argue that language acquisition can be explained in the same way as most other behaviour , by operant conditioning : we learn to speak grammatically because we receive reinforcement when we do so .
the same disagreement has emerged more recently in the context of human language acquisition , in the debate between those who , like noam chomsky , suppose that human beings have an innate [ability] to acquire language , and the behaviourists , who argue that language acquisition can be explained in the same way as most other behaviour , by operant conditioning : we learn to speak grammatically because we receive reinforcement when we do so .

Love is a capacity : some have it , most do not .
love is a [ability] : some have it , most do not .

Elisabeth listened to this exchange with interest , impressed by the Colonel 's consideration and his wife 's capacity , despite her silliness , to make a fine distinction .
elisabeth listened to this exchange with interest , impressed by the colonel 's consideration and his wife 's [ability] , despite her silliness , to make a fine distinction .

’ Given , in addition to this , a substantial dose of what the Germans call Ausstrahlung , a capacity to radiate energy , rehearsing may seem to be de trop .
’ given , in addition to this , a substantial dose of what the germans call ausstrahlung , a [ability] to radiate energy , rehearsing may seem to be de trop .

If there has been a criticism , it is that he often lured artists into singing roles beyond their immediate range or capacity .
if there has been a criticism , it is that he often lured artists into singing roles beyond their immediate range or [ability] .

The dinner was being held on the racecourse , in the grandstand with its almost limitless capacity , and the whole affair , Mackie had told me , was frankly only a giant advertisement , but everyone might as well enjoy it .
the dinner was being held on the racecourse , in the grandstand with its almost limitless [ability] , and the whole affair , mackie had told me , was frankly only a giant advertisement , but everyone might as well enjoy it .

The pattern must suggest a capacity to continue after the violation , if only as an echo .
the pattern must suggest a [ability] to continue after the violation , if only as an echo .

But Earls Court only holds 20,000 and Maine Road football stadium had a capacity of 50,000 , so people looking at the crowds at Manchester always saw one empty or thinly populated stand .
but earls court only holds 20,000 and maine road football stadium had a [ability] of 50,000 , so people looking at the crowds at manchester always saw one empty or thinly populated stand .

People have a limited capacity to sustain interest in politics .
people have a limited [ability] to sustain interest in politics .

When they know you , in a personal capacity , you have credibility when you contact them in a political role .
when they know you , in a personal [ability] , you have credibility when you contact them in a political role .

Smaller raids which followed on the south-German cities of Munich , Augsburg , and Nuremberg , had a disproportionate psychological effect in demonstrating the extent of allied air supremacy in the capacity to reach so far south , and in illustrating that few could now consider themselves immune from the dangers of bombing .
smaller raids which followed on the south-german cities of munich , augsburg , and nuremberg , had a disproportionate psychological effect in demonstrating the extent of allied air supremacy in the [ability] to reach so far south , and in illustrating that few could now consider themselves immune from the dangers of bombing .

‘ One could pity but not censure a being totally deprived of all capacity for recognizing goodness and doing what is right .
‘ one could pity but not censure a being totally deprived of all [ability] for recognizing goodness and doing what is right .

When the shift of emphasis from moral to liturgical kingship came , it must be seen in the changing political context of ninth- and tenth-century Europe , and the emergence of new dynasties all over the once-unified empire of Charlemagne ; one of their principal qualifications to rule was their capacity to defeat external enemies .
when the shift of emphasis from moral to liturgical kingship came , it must be seen in the changing political context of ninth- and tenth-century europe , and the emergence of new dynasties all over the once-unified empire of charlemagne ; one of their principal qualifications to rule was their [ability] to defeat external enemies .

They still often continue , in the capacity of Custos Rotulorum , to be the senior magistrate in the county and usually sit as chairman of the committee which recommends the names of new justices of the peace to the Lord Chancellor , a partial explanation for the dull , middle-class nature of the magistracy .
they still often continue , in the [ability] of custos rotulorum , to be the senior magistrate in the county and usually sit as chairman of the committee which recommends the names of new justices of the peace to the lord chancellor , a partial explanation for the dull , middle-class nature of the magistracy .

Other kindred spirits were self-made gentiles , like Norman Tebbit , Cecil Parkinson or John Major , whose capacity to drag themselves up by their bootstraps appealed to her Methodist conscience .
other kindred spirits were self-made gentiles , like norman tebbit , cecil parkinson or john major , whose [ability] to drag themselves up by their bootstraps appealed to her methodist conscience .

In the second exercise , in which groups are required to come up with ideas about how to improve education , force of personality ensures that she is elected as chairman , in which capacity she proposes new local authorities to supervise the schools , ‘ from which councillors would be banned .
in the second exercise , in which groups are required to come up with ideas about how to improve education , force of personality ensures that she is elected as chairman , in which [ability] she proposes new local authorities to supervise the schools , ‘ from which councillors would be banned .

The officials , the MPs and the industrialists get together over sandwiches to mark each candidate for their intellectual capacity , the ability to speak , write and organize , and personal qualities like their influence on others , their sense of responsibility or determination .
the officials , the mps and the industrialists get together over sandwiches to mark each candidate for their intellectual [ability] , the ability to speak , write and organize , and personal qualities like their influence on others , their sense of responsibility or determination .

Stamina or endurance refers to your capacity to keep up a certain level of sustained exercise .
stamina or endurance refers to your [ability] to keep up a certain level of sustained exercise .

But she had not possessed the capacity to benefit from her revelation , and so bitterness , petulance and self-pity became the only possible responses .
but she had not possessed the [ability] to benefit from her revelation , and so bitterness , petulance and self-pity became the only possible responses .

She was a little disappointed in its capacity in relation to its size , for it cheated as a false-bottomed suitcase cheats .
she was a little disappointed in its [ability] in relation to its size , for it cheated as a false-bottomed suitcase cheats .

But he is feared by militants to be considering adopting Lime Street-inspired suggestions of a cap on members ' losses of 100 per cent of their underwriting capacity .
but he is feared by militants to be considering adopting lime street-inspired suggestions of a cap on members ' losses of 100 per cent of their underwriting [ability] .

But he is feared by militants to be considering adopting Lime Street-inspired suggestions of a cap on members ' losses of 100 per cent of their underwriting capacity .
but he is feared by militants to be considering adopting lime street-inspired suggestions of a cap on members ' losses of 100 per cent of their underwriting [ability] .

Lloyd 's of London cleared space on the fourth floor of its nearby building left vacant by the reduction in under-writing capacity to ensure the Baltic Exchange can open for business this morning .
lloyd 's of london cleared space on the fourth floor of its nearby building left vacant by the reduction in under-writing [ability] to ensure the baltic exchange can open for business this morning .

Sir Brian Jenkins , the Lord Mayor of London , who co-ordinated the emergency re-location programme with leaders of the shipping and insurance markets , said the effect of the bomb on the international trading capacity of the City ‘ would be nil ’ .
sir brian jenkins , the lord mayor of london , who co-ordinated the emergency re-location programme with leaders of the shipping and insurance markets , said the effect of the bomb on the international trading [ability] of the city ‘ would be nil ’ .

Labour 's capacity to resist change can never be under-estimated and their conversion will always be suspect , but after their partial success by moving in this direction , this is what they will certainly try to do .
labour 's [ability] to resist change can never be under-estimated and their conversion will always be suspect , but after their partial success by moving in this direction , this is what they will certainly try to do .

Good passenger-carrying capacity is vital as far as Peaks is concerned because the Shogun is used to pick up some of his employees and take them to work .
good passenger-carrying [ability] is vital as far as peaks is concerned because the shogun is used to pick up some of his employees and take them to work .

The 1.85-mile track would be lined by five grandstands with a capacity for 150,000 , and racing would start in 1995 .
the 1.85-mile track would be lined by five grandstands with a [ability] for 150,000 , and racing would start in 1995 .

rise in industrial production last month and a barely perceptible increase in capacity utilisation .
rise in industrial production last month and a barely perceptible increase in [ability] utilisation .

The effect on overall international trading capacity in the City of London is nil .
the effect on overall international trading [ability] in the city of london is nil .

Thus it was through Equity that a married woman acquired a limited and special capacity to own property and to make contracts .
thus it was through equity that a married woman acquired a limited and special [ability] to own property and to make contracts .

We shall see that in the nineteenth century this limited and special capacity was extended with some modifications to all married women ( see pp .
we shall see that in the nineteenth century this limited and special [ability] was extended with some modifications to all married women ( see pp .

50–4 ) ; but that in 1935 it was swept away , and married women were given the same capacity to own property and make contracts as a man .
50–4 ) ; but that in 1935 it was swept away , and married women were given the same [ability] to own property and make contracts as a man .

It could either provide that all married women should hold their property as their separate property — thus giving to all married women the right to dispose of their property and to make contracts binding it which formerly could only be given to them by a will or a settlement ; or it could adopt the more straightforward course of making the capacity of a married woman to own property , make contracts , and incur liability for torts the same as that of a man .
it could either provide that all married women should hold their property as their separate property — thus giving to all married women the right to dispose of their property and to make contracts binding it which formerly could only be given to them by a will or a settlement ; or it could adopt the more straightforward course of making the [ability] of a married woman to own property , make contracts , and incur liability for torts the same as that of a man .

As a result of the Married Women 's Property Act 1882 , and later Acts , the capacity of a married woman to own property , to make contracts , and to incur liability for torts was different from that of a man .
as a result of the married women 's property act 1882 , and later acts , the [ability] of a married woman to own property , to make contracts , and to incur liability for torts was different from that of a man .

The Queen , in her private capacity , is incapable of incurring liability , and no proceedings by way of action or prosecution can be taken against her .
the queen , in her private [ability] , is incapable of incurring liability , and no proceedings by way of action or prosecution can be taken against her .

the death or withdrawal of members , or the addition of new members from time to time , does not impair the continuity and identity of the body : ‘ in like manner ’ , as Blackstone says , ‘ the river Thames is still the same river , though the parts which comprise it are changing every instant ' ; the use of a common seal as evidence of at least the more formal acts of the corporation ; and the capacity to sue and be sued by its corporate name .
the death or withdrawal of members , or the addition of new members from time to time , does not impair the continuity and identity of the body : ‘ in like manner ’ , as blackstone says , ‘ the river thames is still the same river , though the parts which comprise it are changing every instant ' ; the use of a common seal as evidence of at least the more formal acts of the corporation ; and the [ability] to sue and be sued by its corporate name .

The legal capacity of corporations differs in some respects from that of individuals , partly from the nature of the case , partly as a consequence of the fact that their personality is an artificial one .
the legal [ability] of corporations differs in some respects from that of individuals , partly from the nature of the case , partly as a consequence of the fact that their personality is an artificial one .

And as if to cap the list of failed British assumptions , the Korean War broke out in June 1950 , forcing the abandonment of the ‘ no war for ten years ’ rule and its substitution with an over-hastily generated rearmament programme , the size of which proved beyond Britain 's economic capacity .
and as if to cap the list of failed british assumptions , the korean war broke out in june 1950 , forcing the abandonment of the ‘ no war for ten years ’ rule and its substitution with an over-hastily generated rearmament programme , the size of which proved beyond britain 's economic [ability] .

The short-cuts provided in weapon development were to lead to a paring of independence , stunting of British research and development capacity , and a strengthening of the anchor cables holding Britain in her position as an offshore island of the United States at a time when closer relations with Europe were becoming more compelling .
the short-cuts provided in weapon development were to lead to a paring of independence , stunting of british research and development [ability] , and a strengthening of the anchor cables holding britain in her position as an offshore island of the united states at a time when closer relations with europe were becoming more compelling .

There needs to be renewed awareness of the capacity of the synthesizer and sampling to produce filthy , noxious tones .
there needs to be renewed awareness of the [ability] of the synthesizer and sampling to produce filthy , noxious tones .

We define ourselves as ‘ normal ’ by repressing our own capacity for violence or the visionary — just as we suppress and marginalize those people in the body politic who 've gone over limits .
we define ourselves as ‘ normal ’ by repressing our own [ability] for violence or the visionary — just as we suppress and marginalize those people in the body politic who 've gone over limits .

Dolphins have a remarkable capacity for vocal mimicry , and they learn to imitate sounds very accurately and quickly .
dolphins have a remarkable [ability] for vocal mimicry , and they learn to imitate sounds very accurately and quickly .

means that a large part of the mental capacity of a human culture exists outside the individual , whereas in non-manipulative dolphins it is still embodied in brain and behaviour … .
means that a large part of the mental [ability] of a human culture exists outside the individual , whereas in non-manipulative dolphins it is still embodied in brain and behaviour … .

They fill their lungs to capacity , and change up to 90 per cent of the air with each breath , whereas humans only fill one-eighth of lung volume on an average breath .
they fill their lungs to [ability] , and change up to 90 per cent of the air with each breath , whereas humans only fill one-eighth of lung volume on an average breath .

In part it rested on the belief that in order to restore peace and security in the Gulf , as Resolution 678 authorises member states to do , it is necessary to destroy Iraq 's capacity to wage war .
in part it rested on the belief that in order to restore peace and security in the gulf , as resolution 678 authorises member states to do , it is necessary to destroy iraq 's [ability] to wage war .

The premium rate suggested by him would be equivalent to an amount in excess of £1 billion ( $ 1.95 billion ) for a syndicate with a capacity of £41m ; this in addition to the losses already paid and reserved .
the premium rate suggested by him would be equivalent to an amount in excess of £1 billion ( $ 1.95 billion ) for a syndicate with a [ability] of £41m ; this in addition to the losses already paid and reserved .

For Abelard , then , the cross was an act of love which , though past , still has immense capacity to create .
for abelard , then , the cross was an act of love which , though past , still has immense [ability] to create .

Experience of life suggests that evil does ravage our capacity to listen to God and hear him ; it does lead to deterioration of character and to further separation from God .
experience of life suggests that evil does ravage our [ability] to listen to god and hear him ; it does lead to deterioration of character and to further separation from god .

’ The point about love is its unpredictability ; it has the capacity to surprise and even scandalize .
’ the point about love is its unpredictability ; it has the [ability] to surprise and even scandalize .

But not everything has this ability : the stones and trees which we can see and remember do not , themselves , have the capacity to ‘ represent ’ .
but not everything has this ability : the stones and trees which we can see and remember do not , themselves , have the [ability] to ‘ represent ’ .

Like Bacon and Hobbes , whose forthright reactions are that what is really needed is simply the adoption of a correct method , Locke does not immediately follow this traditional course ; but he advances the more circumspect suggestion that we should first stand back and investigate our capacity for knowledge .
like bacon and hobbes , whose forthright reactions are that what is really needed is simply the adoption of a correct method , locke does not immediately follow this traditional course ; but he advances the more circumspect suggestion that we should first stand back and investigate our [ability] for knowledge .

It is the view that actually occurring thought , rather than the mere ability or capacity to think , is essential to mind .
it is the view that actually occurring thought , rather than the mere ability or [ability] to think , is essential to mind .

The top 2.5 metres of the oceans have been described as being the equivalent in terms of heat capacity of the entire atmosphere .
the top 2.5 metres of the oceans have been described as being the equivalent in terms of heat [ability] of the entire atmosphere .

’ English cricket does not have this capacity for internal strife in the same way , the periodic Yorkshire blood-lettings being of a different order ; but West Indian cricket has grown strong precisely because it has risen above its problems , and on that basis England can not find the same sort of strength since they do not have the same problems to overcome .
’ english cricket does not have this [ability] for internal strife in the same way , the periodic yorkshire blood-lettings being of a different order ; but west indian cricket has grown strong precisely because it has risen above its problems , and on that basis england can not find the same sort of strength since they do not have the same problems to overcome .

They had large capacity halls — maybe three or four thousand people there , which was funny for the boys because they were n't used to that .
they had large [ability] halls — maybe three or four thousand people there , which was funny for the boys because they were n't used to that .

When he and Helen could spend time alone , their passionate unconsummated loving convinced him that but for the ‘ rich simplicity of childhood ’ that characterized her , her ‘ capacity for content ’ , her ‘ virginity of sentiment and soul ’ , their love-making would be dangerous , ‘ if my nature were more masculine and daring ’ .
when he and helen could spend time alone , their passionate unconsummated loving convinced him that but for the ‘ rich simplicity of childhood ’ that characterized her , her ‘ [ability] for content ’ , her ‘ virginity of sentiment and soul ’ , their love-making would be dangerous , ‘ if my nature were more masculine and daring ’ .

In pre-historic times megalith-builders from Portugal to Denmark erected huge stone structures in place of simple burial grounds : symbols both of similar beliefs in some form of after-life and evidence of an extraordinary capacity to organise .
in pre-historic times megalith-builders from portugal to denmark erected huge stone structures in place of simple burial grounds : symbols both of similar beliefs in some form of after-life and evidence of an extraordinary [ability] to organise .

For many types of work , its maximum production capacity is well below the level of ten years ago .
for many types of work , its maximum production [ability] is well below the level of ten years ago .

No doubt the army has lavish stocks of both ; but no capacity has been retained in Britain to make more of them at short notice .
no doubt the army has lavish stocks of both ; but no [ability] has been retained in britain to make more of them at short notice .

And on the various powerful but unseen committees that sit in contemplation of Britain 's future defence policy , the consequent evaporation of any strategic productive capacity in less glamorous areas is causing unease .
and on the various powerful but unseen committees that sit in contemplation of britain 's future defence policy , the consequent evaporation of any strategic productive [ability] in less glamorous areas is causing unease .

Those polled were then asked to rank firms in their industry ( except , for businessmen , their own company ) by eight criteria : quality of management ; financial soundness ; quality of products and services ; ability to attract , develop and retain top talent ; value as a long-term investment ; capacity to innovate ; quality of marketing ; and community and environmental responsibility .
those polled were then asked to rank firms in their industry ( except , for businessmen , their own company ) by eight criteria : quality of management ; financial soundness ; quality of products and services ; ability to attract , develop and retain top talent ; value as a long-term investment ; [ability] to innovate ; quality of marketing ; and community and environmental responsibility .

The survey also pointed to two weaknesses : marketing ( where it failed to make the top ten ) and capacity to innovate ( where it came seventh ) .
the survey also pointed to two weaknesses : marketing ( where it failed to make the top ten ) and [ability] to innovate ( where it came seventh ) .

So exploiting the capacity of existing stations has become a priority .
so exploiting the [ability] of existing stations has become a priority .

If peaks and troughs were traded more efficiently — ie , if stations could buy power from others when local demand is high , and sell to others when it is low — their theoretical 12 % capacity margin might cope with further demand growth for years to come .
if peaks and troughs were traded more efficiently — ie , if stations could buy power from others when local demand is high , and sell to others when it is low — their theoretical 12 % [ability] margin might cope with further demand growth for years to come .

So France , which built far too much nuclear capacity with cheap government-backed loans , exports electricity to Britain and Italy at absurdly low rates .
so france , which built far too much nuclear [ability] with cheap government-backed loans , exports electricity to britain and italy at absurdly low rates .

Enterprises have sacked workers and are running at much less than their full capacity .
enterprises have sacked workers and are running at much less than their full [ability] .

Subaru of America , whose cars are made by Japan 's Fuji Heavy Industries , is struggling and a few of the Japanese-owned car factories in America are also running below capacity .
subaru of america , whose cars are made by japan 's fuji heavy industries , is struggling and a few of the japanese-owned car factories in america are also running below [ability] .

The Brazils and the Chinas will gradually develop the capacity to build ( and sell ) potent weapons of their own .
the brazils and the chinas will gradually develop the [ability] to build ( and sell ) potent weapons of their own .

So reserves of borrowing capacity became less vital .
so reserves of borrowing [ability] became less vital .

Mr Pialat also shares with Mr Rivette a capacity for shaping and controlling long sequences .
mr pialat also shares with mr rivette a [ability] for shaping and controlling long sequences .

Mr Yavlinsky , talking to The Economist , conceded that Mr Bradley 's doubts on the capacity of the Soviet economy to distribute aid were valid .
mr yavlinsky , talking to the economist , conceded that mr bradley 's doubts on the [ability] of the soviet economy to distribute aid were valid .

The industry is still stuffed with excess capacity , mostly taken on for Big Bang and the freak year of boom that followed ( until the 1987 crash ) .
the industry is still stuffed with excess [ability] , mostly taken on for big bang and the freak year of boom that followed ( until the 1987 crash ) .

Judit , at 13 tall for her age , with russet hair , has that capacity of early teenage of one minute seeming like a woman and the next like a small child .
judit , at 13 tall for her age , with russet hair , has that [ability] of early teenage of one minute seeming like a woman and the next like a small child .

The film , which stars Jeremy Irons and Fanny Ardant , is distinguished by an elliptically refined narrative structure and by the expressive cinematography of Yorgos Arvanitis , but above all by a real capacity to dramatise intimate emotions .
the film , which stars jeremy irons and fanny ardant , is distinguished by an elliptically refined narrative structure and by the expressive cinematography of yorgos arvanitis , but above all by a real [ability] to dramatise intimate emotions .

But the disparity lies less in tone than in technique : like rather a lot of modern movies , Bye Bye Blues lacks the capacity to formulate its material rather than just present it to the audience and leave them to do the rest .
but the disparity lies less in tone than in technique : like rather a lot of modern movies , bye bye blues lacks the [ability] to formulate its material rather than just present it to the audience and leave them to do the rest .

Nothing in European life , even in Albania , retains that capacity to shock , even to shock people who have never left West Cumberland in their lives .
nothing in european life , even in albania , retains that [ability] to shock , even to shock people who have never left west cumberland in their lives .

Participants said the city 's main square was filled to capacity .
participants said the city 's main square was filled to [ability] .

Participants said the city 's main square was filled to capacity .
participants said the city 's main square was filled to [ability] .

There may indeed be something in the Professore 's argument that the major fault of Marxism was to over-estimate man 's capacity for altruism , for purity , for in tellectual-philosophic sustenance .
there may indeed be something in the professore 's argument that the major fault of marxism was to over-estimate man 's [ability] for altruism , for purity , for in tellectual-philosophic sustenance .

Mr Mitterrand 's eye is on them and their potential vote-winning capacity in next year 's general election .
mr mitterrand 's eye is on them and their potential vote-winning [ability] in next year 's general election .

That tempestuous lady once came here in her capacity as Greek Minister for the Arts .
that tempestuous lady once came here in her [ability] as greek minister for the arts .

John Major is not in the same league but one of his outstanding merits is the capacity to master a brief , even at short notice .
john major is not in the same league but one of his outstanding merits is the [ability] to master a brief , even at short notice .

Saints , who have a rare capacity for exasperating their supporters when hopes are highest , saved their worst performance of the season for this crucial game .
saints , who have a rare [ability] for exasperating their supporters when hopes are highest , saved their worst performance of the season for this crucial game .

While vegetables generally have the capacity to germinate soon after spring sowing , however low the temperature drops , flower seeds , also due for sowing soon on adjacent land to provide cut flowers during the summer , do need more warmth to get going .
while vegetables generally have the [ability] to germinate soon after spring sowing , however low the temperature drops , flower seeds , also due for sowing soon on adjacent land to provide cut flowers during the summer , do need more warmth to get going .

Dual-level automatic air conditioning with the cooling capacity of 30 domestic fridges ; electric operation of gear selector , windows , seat adjustment , mirrors , central locking .
dual-level automatic air conditioning with the cooling [ability] of 30 domestic fridges ; electric operation of gear selector , windows , seat adjustment , mirrors , central locking .

As space has diminished , our capacity to think ahead has expanded ; but it is when we are given time on the ball , and space to move , that our limitations are exposed .
as space has diminished , our [ability] to think ahead has expanded ; but it is when we are given time on the ball , and space to move , that our limitations are exposed .

In 15-a-side the quality of ball control and close quarter interaction is very important and they do n't have that capacity .
in 15-a-side the quality of ball control and close quarter interaction is very important and they do n't have that [ability] .

Inside , the capacity audience was respectful , admiring and a little anxious about a man in his 80th year .
inside , the [ability] audience was respectful , admiring and a little anxious about a man in his 80th year .

The cruises will be on the 15,500-ton Azerbaydzhan , built in 1976 with a capacity of 550 passengers .
the cruises will be on the 15,500-ton azerbaydzhan , built in 1976 with a [ability] of 550 passengers .

Both companies are reputable chip makers with the technology , manufacturing capacity and marketing muscle to take on Intel .
both companies are reputable chip makers with the technology , manufacturing [ability] and marketing muscle to take on intel .

Instead , manufacturers are encouraging us to buy faster machines with more storage capacity and better displays .
instead , manufacturers are encouraging us to buy faster machines with more storage [ability] and better displays .

Enthusiasts point to the inherent capacity in all PCs for more performance to be plugged in .
enthusiasts point to the inherent [ability] in all pcs for more performance to be plugged in .

Mr Goodson , who became interested in the sonar capacity of dolphins after hearing one while swimming off the Welsh coast , has experimented with various shapes of sound reflectors .
mr goodson , who became interested in the sonar [ability] of dolphins after hearing one while swimming off the welsh coast , has experimented with various shapes of sound reflectors .

The chordates include the dominant living animals , if you measure dominance by size , or the capacity to alter the world .
the chordates include the dominant living animals , if you measure dominance by size , or the [ability] to alter the world .

The obvious example is Australia , which was separated early , and in which the marsupial mammals had the opportunity to adapt to a whole range of ecological niches , which they managed with remarkable success in spite of a low cranial capacity and a primitive mode of reproduction .
the obvious example is australia , which was separated early , and in which the marsupial mammals had the opportunity to adapt to a whole range of ecological niches , which they managed with remarkable success in spite of a low cranial [ability] and a primitive mode of reproduction .

It is a mystery why only one genus of this formerly diverse group should have had the capacity to survive to the present day .
it is a mystery why only one genus of this formerly diverse group should have had the [ability] to survive to the present day .

Such V-shaped ribs are not found on brachiopods , which have never developed the capacity for burrowing .
such v-shaped ribs are not found on brachiopods , which have never developed the [ability] for burrowing .

Other kinds of bivalves have used their capacity for free movement to the utmost by becoming efficient swimmers , clapping their valves together like castanets to move through the sea to find new feeding grounds or to escape the threat of predators .
other kinds of bivalves have used their [ability] for free movement to the utmost by becoming efficient swimmers , clapping their valves together like castanets to move through the sea to find new feeding grounds or to escape the threat of predators .

farms with more than 20 head of cattle must have access to stores for slurry and effluent with at least six months ' capacity .
farms with more than 20 head of cattle must have access to stores for slurry and effluent with at least six months ' [ability] .

They studied six lakes , including some with afforested and some with treeless catchments , all lying on granite bedrock with little buffering capacity .
they studied six lakes , including some with afforested and some with treeless catchments , all lying on granite bedrock with little buffering [ability] .

The government implied that it would allow the privatised electricity industry to meet the reductions in the Directive by importing low-sulphur coal and by building gas-fired power stations to replace coal capacity .
the government implied that it would allow the privatised electricity industry to meet the reductions in the directive by importing low-sulphur coal and by building gas-fired power stations to replace coal [ability] .

calcium , magnesium ) and a low capacity to adsorb sulphate all make soils more sensitive to acid and give a low critical load .
calcium , magnesium ) and a low [ability] to adsorb sulphate all make soils more sensitive to acid and give a low critical load .

When soils receive more than the critical load , the natural capacity to neutralize acidity is overwhelmed , cations ( e.g .
when soils receive more than the critical load , the natural [ability] to neutralize acidity is overwhelmed , cations ( e.g .

At high deposition , nitrate is found leaching away because the soil processes and capacity of plants to take up nitrogen are exceeded .
at high deposition , nitrate is found leaching away because the soil processes and [ability] of plants to take up nitrogen are exceeded .

Here , contamination with metals , says Battarbee , occurs ‘ about ten years before the first evidence of acidification ’ , which suggests that it took only ten years to exhaust the lake 's capacity to buffer pollution .
here , contamination with metals , says battarbee , occurs ‘ about ten years before the first evidence of acidification ’ , which suggests that it took only ten years to exhaust the lake 's [ability] to buffer pollution .

In Norway , a re-survey of 1,000 lakes studied in the 1970s showed that many lakes have actually lost more of their neutralising capacity in recent years , although sulphate levels are falling .
in norway , a re-survey of 1,000 lakes studied in the 1970s showed that many lakes have actually lost more of their neutralising [ability] in recent years , although sulphate levels are falling .

Steel-casting companies in Spain which in Britain would have been bankrupted are continuing to offer steel-castings at artificially low prices , and indeed inefficient capacity and production is not only being maintained but is even being purposely created ; while in France the producers of steel-castings are benefiting from soft loans from mostly state-owned banks .
steel-casting companies in spain which in britain would have been bankrupted are continuing to offer steel-castings at artificially low prices , and indeed inefficient [ability] and production is not only being maintained but is even being purposely created ; while in france the producers of steel-castings are benefiting from soft loans from mostly state-owned banks .

In his article ‘ Sovereignty and interdependence : Britain 's place in the world ’ , he defines sovereignty as ‘ a nation 's practical capacity to maximise its influence in the world ’ and uses the metaphor of a ‘ bundle of sticks ’ , some of which are exchanged for others , to illustrate that ‘ sovereignty is not like virginity , something you either have or do not have .
in his article ‘ sovereignty and interdependence : britain 's place in the world ’ , he defines sovereignty as ‘ a nation 's practical [ability] to maximise its influence in the world ’ and uses the metaphor of a ‘ bundle of sticks ’ , some of which are exchanged for others , to illustrate that ‘ sovereignty is not like virginity , something you either have or do not have .

Other academic studies have agreed that Westminster has increased its capacity for scrutiny and influence on policy over recent years , not decreased it .
other academic studies have agreed that westminster has increased its [ability] for scrutiny and influence on policy over recent years , not decreased it .

He saw that the application of machine power to manufacture had enormously increased the capacity of one state to capture completely the internal market for manufactured goods in another state .
he saw that the application of machine power to manufacture had enormously increased the [ability] of one state to capture completely the internal market for manufactured goods in another state .

the Community 's involvement in economic decision making should be based in a balance between subsidiarity and parallelism … Coherence within the economic union requires a decision making capacity such that the determination of policy at Community level avoids inefficient overlapping and contradictions in the various aspects of economic policy .
the community 's involvement in economic decision making should be based in a balance between subsidiarity and parallelism … coherence within the economic union requires a decision making [ability] such that the determination of policy at community level avoids inefficient overlapping and contradictions in the various aspects of economic policy .

Famed for its 30000 capacity colosseum which in Roman times played host to many a blood sport .
famed for its 30000 [ability] colosseum which in roman times played host to many a blood sport .

On site are fork lifts with maximum lift capacity of 7,000 kg .
on site are fork lifts with maximum lift [ability] of 7,000 kg .

and hi-lo scissor lifts with a maximum lift capacity of 7,000 kg .
and hi-lo scissor lifts with a maximum lift [ability] of 7,000 kg .

The Shippers Club is a vital communications link for the airline , helping it to monitor requirements such as the spread of capacity geographically .
the shippers club is a vital communications link for the airline , helping it to monitor requirements such as the spread of [ability] geographically .

With a capacity for 1000 passengers and 306 cars , the Harland & Wolff built vessel provides an additional freight capacity of 25 vehicles per day .
with a [ability] for 1000 passengers and 306 cars , the harland & wolff built vessel provides an additional freight [ability] of 25 vehicles per day .

The joining together of Jebel All Port and Port Rashid Authority into Dubai Ports Authority creates not only by far the largest single authority in the region , but one with the largest number of berths and ship handling capacity in the world , according to Sultan bin Sulayem , Chairman and Managing Director of Dubai Ports Authority .
the joining together of jebel all port and port rashid authority into dubai ports authority creates not only by far the largest single authority in the region , but one with the largest number of berths and ship handling [ability] in the world , according to sultan bin sulayem , chairman and managing director of dubai ports authority .

This is not the place to labour the points one by one , but the overall position is made clear by looking at what Fullan characterises as the difference between ‘ specific and generic capacity for change ’ .
this is not the place to labour the points one by one , but the overall position is made clear by looking at what fullan characterises as the difference between ‘ specific and generic [ability] for change ’ .

How do we attempt to bring about a generic capacity for change amongst staff ?
how do we attempt to bring about a generic [ability] for change amongst staff ?

Because of the criticisms of rational approaches discussed above , political budgetary approaches show a remarkable capacity to persist .
because of the criticisms of rational approaches discussed above , political budgetary approaches show a remarkable [ability] to persist .

We shall , therefore , ensure that our country has the defence capacity , the strength of alliance and the peace-making commitment necessary to safeguard the United Kingdom , to participate in international negotiations for disarmament , to deter aggression and to contribute to constructing a New World Order , now feasible through the strengthened United Nations .
we shall , therefore , ensure that our country has the defence [ability] , the strength of alliance and the peace-making commitment necessary to safeguard the united kingdom , to participate in international negotiations for disarmament , to deter aggression and to contribute to constructing a new world order , now feasible through the strengthened united nations .

At this time the lift was passing about 150,000 tons per annum and , although a vertical lift , it was of roughly the same capacity as that at Foxton , which would therefore require similar maintenance .
at this time the lift was passing about 150,000 tons per annum and , although a vertical lift , it was of roughly the same [ability] as that at foxton , which would therefore require similar maintenance .

These weights however would be accurately determined when the dimensions and carrying capacity of the largest barge is known .
these weights however would be accurately determined when the dimensions and carrying [ability] of the largest barge is known .

The matter has received our closest and most careful consideration and although the details were worked on in 1886 for another canal in the Manchester district ( but not used ) they are all to all intents and purposes equally applicable to the Grand Union Canal , when that canal is improved , to be of the same working capacity as the Grand Junction Canal and to carry the same vessels .
the matter has received our closest and most careful consideration and although the details were worked on in 1886 for another canal in the manchester district ( but not used ) they are all to all intents and purposes equally applicable to the grand union canal , when that canal is improved , to be of the same working [ability] as the grand junction canal and to carry the same vessels .

Assuming the reservoirs to be full at the beginning of June , the absolute minimum capacity required would be the deficiency of 55,937,000 cu .
assuming the reservoirs to be full at the beginning of june , the absolute minimum [ability] required would be the deficiency of 55,937,000 cu .

The actual capacity of the reservoirs is greater than this , being 76,360,000 cu .
the actual [ability] of the reservoirs is greater than this , being 76,360,000 cu .

It is perhaps significant to record that the capacity of Naseby was increased during the 1930 's by raising the crest of the outlet weir by 2 feet .
it is perhaps significant to record that the [ability] of naseby was increased during the 1930 's by raising the crest of the outlet weir by 2 feet .

Water has a greater capacity to absorb heat than any other natural material except for ammonia .
water has a greater [ability] to absorb heat than any other natural material except for ammonia .

This capacity for choice , implicit rather than active in so many people , can in fact be taken as one criterion for human maturity .
this [ability] for choice , implicit rather than active in so many people , can in fact be taken as one criterion for human maturity .

If this is the case , it implies that some at least of the feedback systems maintaining human wellbeing may be in difficulties simply because they are being called upon to function near the limits of their capacity .
if this is the case , it implies that some at least of the feedback systems maintaining human wellbeing may be in difficulties simply because they are being called upon to function near the limits of their [ability] .

The capacity to form a concept of one 's own identity and a process of comparison allowing an estimation of one 's esteem among one 's fellows that affects one 's view of oneself are central features of humanity .
the [ability] to form a concept of one 's own identity and a process of comparison allowing an estimation of one 's esteem among one 's fellows that affects one 's view of oneself are central features of humanity .

Mind is that capacity of individuals to correlate past experience with ongoing reactions .
mind is that [ability] of individuals to correlate past experience with ongoing reactions .

Hobhouse , in these paragraphs , was using the word ‘ mind ’ to refer particularly to a knowing capacity that functions in the construction of effective policies of behaviour with respect to individual and group survival and reproduction .
hobhouse , in these paragraphs , was using the word ‘ mind ’ to refer particularly to a knowing [ability] that functions in the construction of effective policies of behaviour with respect to individual and group survival and reproduction .

The shift from the ‘ blind ’ control of individual strategies by innate behaviour repertoires through the various stages of capacity in acquiring new behaviour through learning and intelligence is a marked feature of evolutionary direction seen clearly , for example , in the development of complex societies from simpler beginnings ( Chapter 8 ) .
the shift from the ‘ blind ’ control of individual strategies by innate behaviour repertoires through the various stages of [ability] in acquiring new behaviour through learning and intelligence is a marked feature of evolutionary direction seen clearly , for example , in the development of complex societies from simpler beginnings ( chapter 8 ) .

In modern parlance , Hobhouse placed his emphasis on cognition and was discussing the evolution of cognitive capacity .
in modern parlance , hobhouse placed his emphasis on cognition and was discussing the evolution of cognitive [ability] .

Clearly it is no mere anthropomorphism to point out that the functional relation between these two and their capacity in man to render the species largely independent from and a controller of his natural environment has become a prime factor in the advance of man over other primate species .
clearly it is no mere anthropomorphism to point out that the functional relation between these two and their [ability] in man to render the species largely independent from and a controller of his natural environment has become a prime factor in the advance of man over other primate species .

Behaviour here is a genetically programmed capacity for an adaptive response to environment .
behaviour here is a genetically programmed [ability] for an adaptive response to environment .

Association areas were initially closely linked to innate programmes and extended their capacity .
association areas were initially closely linked to innate programmes and extended their [ability] .

In considering the maintenance and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic condition . This enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :
in considering the maintenance and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the [ability] to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic condition . this enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :

An increased capacity to store past events in memory , together with the responses given to them and their results .
an increased [ability] to store past events in memory , together with the responses given to them and their results .

The capacity to recircuit neurophysiologically the ongoing experiencing of the senses in such a way that the subject becomes ‘ aware ’ of its situation through introspection of this analogue .
the [ability] to recircuit neurophysiologically the ongoing experiencing of the senses in such a way that the subject becomes ‘ aware ’ of its situation through introspection of this analogue .

The capacity to re-represent in conscious awareness what was once a ‘ presentational continuum ’ of past events .
the [ability] to re-represent in conscious awareness what was once a ‘ presentational continuum ’ of past events .

Both of these depend on the capacity of organisms to integrate previously separated functions through the imposition of a superordinate system relating its subordinate parts ; and this requires the open transfer of information between those parts .
both of these depend on the [ability] of organisms to integrate previously separated functions through the imposition of a superordinate system relating its subordinate parts ; and this requires the open transfer of information between those parts .

The emergence of the information-processing capacity of the human brain is clearly a major transcendence in this sense .
the emergence of the information-processing [ability] of the human brain is clearly a major transcendence in this sense .

With increased capacity for learning and intellectual functioning the concept replaces the percept as the controller of schematic behaviour .
with increased [ability] for learning and intellectual functioning the concept replaces the percept as the controller of schematic behaviour .

The capacity of the mature human individual to run through whole sets of possible scenarios as imagined responses to a problem situation or as a means to achieve a goal so far existent only in thought , is the secret of human ascendancy .
the [ability] of the mature human individual to run through whole sets of possible scenarios as imagined responses to a problem situation or as a means to achieve a goal so far existent only in thought , is the secret of human ascendancy .

In their treatment of this theme both Cassirer and Hallowell point out that the crucial link between the inner world of representation and the outer ‘ reality ’ lies in the human capacity to symbolize percepts ; symbolization of events in the perceptual continuum provides the units for a pictorial logic from which the abstraction of grammar eventually emerged as a concomitant of sound production in the development of verbal communication .
in their treatment of this theme both cassirer and hallowell point out that the crucial link between the inner world of representation and the outer ‘ reality ’ lies in the human [ability] to symbolize percepts ; symbolization of events in the perceptual continuum provides the units for a pictorial logic from which the abstraction of grammar eventually emerged as a concomitant of sound production in the development of verbal communication .

‘ Representative processes , ’ says Hallowell , ‘ are at the root of Man 's capacity to deal with the abstract qualities of objects and events , his ability to deal with the possible or conceivable , the ideal as well as the actual , the intangible along with the tangible , the absent as well as the present object or event , with fantasy and with reality .
‘ representative processes , ’ says hallowell , ‘ are at the root of man 's [ability] to deal with the abstract qualities of objects and events , his ability to deal with the possible or conceivable , the ideal as well as the actual , the intangible along with the tangible , the absent as well as the present object or event , with fantasy and with reality .

Whenever one individual leaves more offspring than another and this capacity is inherited , in time its genes will come to dominate the population gene pool .
whenever one individual leaves more offspring than another and this [ability] is inherited , in time its genes will come to dominate the population gene pool .

We can see easily enough that in a competitive world social selection for a selfish maximization of an individual 's capacity to reproduce will result in the predominance of certain traits in a population .
we can see easily enough that in a competitive world social selection for a selfish maximization of an individual 's [ability] to reproduce will result in the predominance of certain traits in a population .

By contrast , where food resources are relatively constant the population will be close to the carrying capacity of the environment and successful reproduction will only balance mortality .
by contrast , where food resources are relatively constant the population will be close to the carrying [ability] of the environment and successful reproduction will only balance mortality .

For example , a male is rarely limited reproductively by his capacity to produce sperm but a female is restricted in her output of eggs .
for example , a male is rarely limited reproductively by his [ability] to produce sperm but a female is restricted in her output of eggs .

It follows that in paired individuals the male 's breeding capacity is limited by that of the female .
it follows that in paired individuals the male 's breeding [ability] is limited by that of the female .

Among mammals by contrast , viviparity and lactation mean that the limiting resource is nearly always the female 's rearing capacity .
among mammals by contrast , viviparity and lactation mean that the limiting resource is nearly always the female 's rearing [ability] .

Whenever one individual leaves more offspring than another and this capacity is inherited , its genes will in time come to dominate the gene pool .
whenever one individual leaves more offspring than another and this [ability] is inherited , its genes will in time come to dominate the gene pool .

Elaborate social organization with co-operation tends to evolve in species attempting to reproduce under conditions where the carrying capacity of the environment is more or less filled .
elaborate social organization with co-operation tends to evolve in species attempting to reproduce under conditions where the carrying [ability] of the environment is more or less filled .

Together with some dinosaurs , perhaps , and with birds , which also emerged from a different reptilian stock at this time , they developed the capacity for regulating their own body temperature .
together with some dinosaurs , perhaps , and with birds , which also emerged from a different reptilian stock at this time , they developed the [ability] for regulating their own body temperature .

By contrast , to the West of the Rift the mosaic nature of the relatively dry forest woodlands north of the Niger–Benue river system constituted a cradle for the evolution of the adaptable , partly terrestrial , chimpanzee with its variable fruit food supply and capacity for mobility .
by contrast , to the west of the rift the mosaic nature of the relatively dry forest woodlands north of the niger–benue river system constituted a cradle for the evolution of the adaptable , partly terrestrial , chimpanzee with its variable fruit food supply and [ability] for mobility .

Three animals can not establish two dyads of high compatibility , for the sight of an interacting pair in a threesome tends to reduce the capacity of the onlooker for developing his relationship with either of the other two .
three animals can not establish two dyads of high compatibility , for the sight of an interacting pair in a threesome tends to reduce the [ability] of the onlooker for developing his relationship with either of the other two .

We will reduce airport congestion by increasing the capacity of our air traffic control .
we will reduce airport congestion by increasing the [ability] of our air traffic control .

It represents a direct divine revelation that delivers a capacity for understanding beyond the parameters of normal discourse .
it represents a direct divine revelation that delivers a [ability] for understanding beyond the parameters of normal discourse .

Such a power would mean a capacity to see God directly which they are careful to rule out .
such a power would mean a [ability] to see god directly which they are careful to rule out .

They would highlight certain characteristics of human beings , such as emotions or the capacity to make moral choices , as characteristics that they wish to value above all others .
they would highlight certain characteristics of human beings , such as emotions or the [ability] to make moral choices , as characteristics that they wish to value above all others .

The new tools are a Centre Finder with 0 to 2in capacity ( price £5.64 ) ; a Luthiers Clamp , which has proved ideal for lightweight edge clamping ( price £6.58 ) ; and a Featherweight Parallel-clamp , of 0 to 1½in capacity , which is a development of the traditional toolmakers ' clamp ( price £6.58 ) .
the new tools are a centre finder with 0 to 2in [ability] ( price £5.64 ) ; a luthiers clamp , which has proved ideal for lightweight edge clamping ( price £6.58 ) ; and a featherweight parallel-clamp , of 0 to 1½in [ability] , which is a development of the traditional toolmakers ' clamp ( price £6.58 ) .

It was the quick start-up time as much as the heat capacity that speeded things up .
it was the quick start-up time as much as the heat [ability] that speeded things up .

With a carrying capacity of 160 litres , you 'll find the list of things you can sue it for is endless .
with a carrying [ability] of 160 litres , you 'll find the list of things you can sue it for is endless .

It features seven place setting capacity and with its three programmes — pre-rinse , normal and superwash — you 're sure of sparkling plates , glasses and cutlery every time .
it features seven place setting [ability] and with its three programmes — pre-rinse , normal and superwash — you 're sure of sparkling plates , glasses and cutlery every time .

Our main role will be to assist in an advisory capacity in the development of future business plans and to give financial guidance .
our main role will be to assist in an advisory [ability] in the development of future business plans and to give financial guidance .

Is my existing staff working to full capacity ?
is my existing staff working to full [ability] ?

what is my true capacity ? potential
what is my true [ability] ? potential

a capacity to communicate with subordinates
a [ability] to communicate with subordinates

capacity to inspire trust in others
[ability] to inspire trust in others

While you do this you may have little spare capacity for monitoring the feelings of people in the meeting and spotting members who are silently expressing messages such as dissent , apathy , boredom , anger , confusion and so on .
while you do this you may have little spare [ability] for monitoring the feelings of people in the meeting and spotting members who are silently expressing messages such as dissent , apathy , boredom , anger , confusion and so on .

The machine had a massive storage capacity which could nevertheless fit into a handbag .
the machine had a massive storage [ability] which could nevertheless fit into a handbag .

And do n't think that by developing the second half of your brain you will merely be doubling your mental capacity .
and do n't think that by developing the second half of your brain you will merely be doubling your mental [ability] .

We all have an enormous capacity for working with figures ; the only trouble is that few of us believe it .
we all have an enormous [ability] for working with figures ; the only trouble is that few of us believe it .

She prefers the auditorium , even when she is there in an official capacity , as John Young , chairman of the National Hospital , discovered to his dismay .
she prefers the auditorium , even when she is there in an official [ability] , as john young , chairman of the national hospital , discovered to his dismay .

The authority said yesterday that the delays arose because the research amounted to what scientists called a ‘ blue skies ’ project because it involved going beyond the present capacity of the reactor design .
the authority said yesterday that the delays arose because the research amounted to what scientists called a ‘ blue skies ’ project because it involved going beyond the present [ability] of the reactor design .

Her capacity for solitude and disregard for physical comforts helped her to survive .
her [ability] for solitude and disregard for physical comforts helped her to survive .

Shearson yesterday blamed the continued slowdown in market activity and excess capacity for the redundancies .
shearson yesterday blamed the continued slowdown in market activity and excess [ability] for the redundancies .

The largest capacity box of 1.2cu ft holds the equivalent of 48 × 12oz cans and the smallest capacity model holds nine 12oz cans .
the largest [ability] box of 1.2cu ft holds the equivalent of 48 × 12oz cans and the smallest [ability] model holds nine 12oz cans .

As the material becomes hotter , it regains the capacity to flow which characterised it molten state at the time of its installation .
as the material becomes hotter , it regains the [ability] to flow which characterised it molten state at the time of its installation .

Consequently , it is not unusual for a local authority to confer a fire resistance capacity of half an hour on an unprotected cast-iron structure .
consequently , it is not unusual for a local authority to confer a fire resistance [ability] of half an hour on an unprotected cast-iron structure .

Below this new slab it was practical to install a sewage collection chamber of 1,818 litres ( 400 gal ) capacity , associated with a macerator and pump , allowing waste to be reduced and then pumped through a small-diameter pipe to a private sewer manhole 150m ( 492ft ) away .
below this new slab it was practical to install a sewage collection chamber of 1,818 litres ( 400 gal ) [ability] , associated with a macerator and pump , allowing waste to be reduced and then pumped through a small-diameter pipe to a private sewer manhole 150m ( 492ft ) away .

The King , in his capacity as Colonel-in-Chief of 1st Battalion The Green Howards ( Alexandra , Princess of Wales 's Own Yorkshire Regiment ) , was paying a visit to present new Colours upon the occasion of the regiment 's tercentenary celebrations .
the king , in his [ability] as colonel-in-chief of 1st battalion the green howards ( alexandra , princess of wales 's own yorkshire regiment ) , was paying a visit to present new colours upon the occasion of the regiment 's tercentenary celebrations .

Man 's capacity to mythologize was a remnant of his pre-lapsarian capacity to see into the life of things :
man 's [ability] to mythologize was a remnant of his pre-lapsarian [ability] to see into the life of things :

This led him to suppose that his capacity to argue a case was a talent which , quite as much as his imagination and his literary taste , must be consecrated .
this led him to suppose that his [ability] to argue a case was a talent which , quite as much as his imagination and his literary taste , must be consecrated .

Paul was soon making 50 short items a year ; predominantly filmed vaudeville turns and trick films exploiting the new medium 's capacity for visual magic .
paul was soon making 50 short items a year ; predominantly filmed vaudeville turns and trick films exploiting the new medium 's [ability] for visual magic .

The result in films like Shipyard ( 1934/5 ) , an impressionistic study of the life of a shipbuilding town , or Night Mail ( 1936 ) , a poetic record of the journey of the Postal Special from London to Glasgow , were films that revealed how much was being missed by the filmmakers who created fabulous fictions behind the walls of the studio — what Grierson described as ‘ the cinema 's capacity for getting around , for observing and selecting from life itself .
the result in films like shipyard ( 1934/5 ) , an impressionistic study of the life of a shipbuilding town , or night mail ( 1936 ) , a poetic record of the journey of the postal special from london to glasgow , were films that revealed how much was being missed by the filmmakers who created fabulous fictions behind the walls of the studio — what grierson described as ‘ the cinema 's [ability] for getting around , for observing and selecting from life itself .

Balcon saw the potential for bringing into mainstream cinema the observational powers of the documentarists , and their capacity for evoking a quieter form of heroism than that displayed in Ships with Wings .
balcon saw the potential for bringing into mainstream cinema the observational powers of the documentarists , and their [ability] for evoking a quieter form of heroism than that displayed in ships with wings .

This aesthetic refusal went along with an unwillingness to develop a strategy for ensuring a continued capacity to make their sort of films .
this aesthetic refusal went along with an unwillingness to develop a strategy for ensuring a continued [ability] to make their sort of films .

‘ In your capacity as my medical adviser , you advised me to walk upstairs .
‘ in your [ability] as my medical adviser , you advised me to walk upstairs .

Although a notice inside clearly stated its capacity to carry three persons , he was secretly afraid that it would be inadequate to bear his vast bulk .
although a notice inside clearly stated its [ability] to carry three persons , he was secretly afraid that it would be inadequate to bear his vast bulk .

Others in different cultures and elsewhere in the world have retained the capacity to acknowledge these dimensions of human experience which are beyond the natural and everyday .
others in different cultures and elsewhere in the world have retained the [ability] to acknowledge these dimensions of human experience which are beyond the natural and everyday .

The committee express their thanks for the work he has done in a voluntary capacity over the past months .
the committee express their thanks for the work he has done in a voluntary [ability] over the past months .

Capel 's presence here , though , does not mean that England — and Micky Stewart in particular — have shed their doubts about his ability to contain , and there was no evidence yesterday that Capel has yet acquired the mental capacity to try to bore people out in one-day cricket .
capel 's presence here , though , does not mean that england — and micky stewart in particular — have shed their doubts about his ability to contain , and there was no evidence yesterday that capel has yet acquired the mental [ability] to try to bore people out in one-day cricket .

Chrysler and Mitsubishi have already set up a $ 1bn ( £653m ) car plant in Illinois which has a capacity of 250,000 vehicles a year .
chrysler and mitsubishi have already set up a $ 1bn ( £653m ) car plant in illinois which has a [ability] of 250,000 vehicles a year .

One assertion which has been made in support of student loans is that a student should be prepared to take a loan in respect of his or her enhanced earning capacity as a graduate .
one assertion which has been made in support of student loans is that a student should be prepared to take a loan in respect of his or her enhanced earning [ability] as a graduate .

Harold Wilson had a ‘ short-term opportunism , allied with a capacity for self-delusion which made Walter Mitty appear unimaginative .
harold wilson had a ‘ short-term opportunism , allied with a [ability] for self-delusion which made walter mitty appear unimaginative .

It is organizationally impractical because of the lack of capacity and resource in the police to deal with the resulting offenders .
it is organizationally impractical because of the lack of [ability] and resource in the police to deal with the resulting offenders .

However , the debate and the reception accorded to Mr Lawson 's speech was a striking demonstration of the Conservatives ' capacity to close ranks : proof , if proof were needed , of their party 's most formidable political resource .
however , the debate and the reception accorded to mr lawson 's speech was a striking demonstration of the conservatives ' [ability] to close ranks : proof , if proof were needed , of their party 's most formidable political resource .

Other plus-points are civilised lift queues ; efficient use of the lifts ' capacity ( four-seaters always carrying four skiers ) ; good child-care facilities ; accommodation which really can accommodate the advertised number of occupants ; and ski instruction which is enthusiastic , fun and conducted by native English-speakers .
other plus-points are civilised lift queues ; efficient use of the lifts ' [ability] ( four-seaters always carrying four skiers ) ; good child-care facilities ; accommodation which really can accommodate the advertised number of occupants ; and ski instruction which is enthusiastic , fun and conducted by native english-speakers .

In Dostoevsky 's opinion , ‘ The portrait painter seeks the moment when the model looks most like himself ; in the capacity to find and hold this moment lies also the talent of the portraitist .
in dostoevsky 's opinion , ‘ the portrait painter seeks the moment when the model looks most like himself ; in the [ability] to find and hold this moment lies also the talent of the portraitist .

In all our inns we have plenty of ale , beer and sundry kinds of wine and such is the capacity of some of these that they are able to lodge two hundred or three hundred persons and their horses .
in all our inns we have plenty of ale , beer and sundry kinds of wine and such is the [ability] of some of these that they are able to lodge two hundred or three hundred persons and their horses .

The classical text is for the panel to see your present abilities , your imaginative range and your capacity as a thinking actor .
the classical text is for the panel to see your present abilities , your imaginative range and your [ability] as a thinking actor .

This vision lies behind nominalism , which claims that it is the mind 's capacity for creating general words that creates the illusion of generality in the world itself .
this vision lies behind nominalism , which claims that it is the mind 's [ability] for creating general words that creates the illusion of generality in the world itself .

It is self-evident that learning something entails a prior capacity to learn it .
it is self-evident that learning something entails a prior [ability] to learn it .

How are we going to understand this ‘ prior capacity ’ on the mental-sentence view ?
how are we going to understand this ‘ prior [ability] ’ on the mental-sentence view ?

Thinking is a capacity to refer at will , whose nature is made more mysterious if we try to chop it up into mental episodes with particular epistemic content or causal power .
thinking is a [ability] to refer at will , whose nature is made more mysterious if we try to chop it up into mental episodes with particular epistemic content or causal power .

Most current procedures for recording the electrical activity of the brain , or producing radiographic images of the living human brain , or investigating the accuracy and timing of behaviour are dependent on computing capacity which was not available twenty years ago .
most current procedures for recording the electrical activity of the brain , or producing radiographic images of the living human brain , or investigating the accuracy and timing of behaviour are dependent on computing [ability] which was not available twenty years ago .

This facility for selective attention increases the processing power of our brains enormously by enabling us to direct our limited processing capacity where it is most needed .
this facility for selective attention increases the processing power of our brains enormously by enabling us to direct our limited processing [ability] where it is most needed .

It marks the end of her periods and her capacity to bear children .
it marks the end of her periods and her [ability] to bear children .

It was this work , along with the subsequent brilliance of his public performances , that created his reputation as ‘ Canada 's leading young poet ’ : ‘ His virtues are his own , and they are considerable … at his best he expresses himself , sometimes whimsically , sometimes passionately , in speech which is beyond the capacity of mere formula to produce , ’ commented Allan Donaldson at the time .
it was this work , along with the subsequent brilliance of his public performances , that created his reputation as ‘ canada 's leading young poet ’ : ‘ his virtues are his own , and they are considerable … at his best he expresses himself , sometimes whimsically , sometimes passionately , in speech which is beyond the [ability] of mere formula to produce , ’ commented allan donaldson at the time .

She was ‘ rediscovered ’ as a film-maker in the early 80 's , and a series of retrospectives and tributes culminated in 1990 at the International Festival of Women 's Films in Creteil , where a programme of her work was feted by capacity audiences .
she was ‘ rediscovered ’ as a film-maker in the early 80 's , and a series of retrospectives and tributes culminated in 1990 at the international festival of women 's films in creteil , where a programme of her work was feted by [ability] audiences .

At their trial , the judge is believed to have added 25 per cent to each sentence specifically because the police had carried out the attack while operating in their official capacity .
at their trial , the judge is believed to have added 25 per cent to each sentence specifically because the police had carried out the attack while operating in their official [ability] .

The findings have tended to support the view that the police are held in relatively high esteem , although those polled have invariably had little or no contact with the police in any capacity .
the findings have tended to support the view that the police are held in relatively high esteem , although those polled have invariably had little or no contact with the police in any [ability] .

Faris ( 1968 ) , exploring the way such symbols come to represent complex conceptual domains , coined the phrase ‘ symbols of high meaning capacity ’ , which exactly fits the structural significance hair has for police ideology .
faris ( 1968 ) , exploring the way such symbols come to represent complex conceptual domains , coined the phrase ‘ symbols of high meaning [ability] ’ , which exactly fits the structural significance hair has for police ideology .

He is a writer of rare gifts , and among his gifts is a capacity to wound .
he is a writer of rare gifts , and among his gifts is a [ability] to wound .

Levi was interested in action , purpose , work , and capable of them : and the capacity may have been formed in contention with a desire to withdraw and perhaps to give up .
levi was interested in action , purpose , work , and capable of them : and the [ability] may have been formed in contention with a desire to withdraw and perhaps to give up .

By the end of this month manufacturing capacity is expected to increase three-fold as a result , according to sales and marketing director Joe Weston .
by the end of this month manufacturing [ability] is expected to increase three-fold as a result , according to sales and marketing director joe weston .

Originally designed for use with the popular five speed Taiwanese lathes , which are imported by a variety of companies , they can be used with other lathes to increase the capacity for bowl turning .
originally designed for use with the popular five speed taiwanese lathes , which are imported by a variety of companies , they can be used with other lathes to increase the [ability] for bowl turning .

Extra vacuum capacity
extra vacuum [ability]

Unlike many bacteria , the gonococcus has little capacity to ‘ eat away ’ at the tissue it infects .
unlike many bacteria , the gonococcus has little [ability] to ‘ eat away ’ at the tissue it infects .

Whether this has any foundation in science or whether it reflects the old-fashioned ‘ punitive ’ approach , men up and down the country , known for their ten-pint capacity or love for fine wine , are receiving old-fashioned looks as they ask for a half-pint of lime juice or a tonic on its own .
whether this has any foundation in science or whether it reflects the old-fashioned ‘ punitive ’ approach , men up and down the country , known for their ten-pint [ability] or love for fine wine , are receiving old-fashioned looks as they ask for a half-pint of lime juice or a tonic on its own .

Pathogenicity is the capacity of certain organisms to produce disease .
pathogenicity is the [ability] of certain organisms to produce disease .

However , considering the tightly controlled aloofness and the fact that Joyce ( whose contributions in a musical capacity are not in doubt ) has led a deliberately low profile , one can not blame Kent for the omission .
however , considering the tightly controlled aloofness and the fact that joyce ( whose contributions in a musical [ability] are not in doubt ) has led a deliberately low profile , one can not blame kent for the omission .

‘ Good reading ’ of the Bible enlarges our capacity to receive more of its depth and riches , to see with other eyes the wondrous things that God reveals to those who ‘ have eyes to see , and ears to hear ’ .
‘ good reading ’ of the bible enlarges our [ability] to receive more of its depth and riches , to see with other eyes the wondrous things that god reveals to those who ‘ have eyes to see , and ears to hear ’ .

But our dignity supremely lies in the capacity and desire that God has given us to enjoy him and to seek for his esteem and friendship .
but our dignity supremely lies in the [ability] and desire that god has given us to enjoy him and to seek for his esteem and friendship .

The potential of joy is vastly greater than our capacity to absorb it all .
the potential of joy is vastly greater than our [ability] to absorb it all .

The second , it has been argued , formed the basis of the portraits of Augustus , and in that capacity the doryphoros achieved heroic proportions .
the second , it has been argued , formed the basis of the portraits of augustus , and in that [ability] the doryphoros achieved heroic proportions .

It is always something of a memorable sight to see that magnificent banqueting hall employed to its full capacity and that evening was no exception .
it is always something of a memorable sight to see that magnificent banqueting hall employed to its full [ability] and that evening was no exception .

Land everywhere varies in its capacity to produce ; output depends on the type of soil and the climate , especially seasonal rainfall , and the limits of production are got by the highest standards of good husbandry … In its application to the land science must be related to inherent land potentialities .
land everywhere varies in its [ability] to produce ; output depends on the type of soil and the climate , especially seasonal rainfall , and the limits of production are got by the highest standards of good husbandry … in its application to the land science must be related to inherent land potentialities .

More ominously its size and capacity also took into consideration future military needs .
more ominously its size and [ability] also took into consideration future military needs .

The power of the style lay indeed in its capacity to incorporate so many other forms .
the power of the style lay indeed in its [ability] to incorporate so many other forms .

Much discussion revolves round whether English Heritage ( whose 400 castles and abbeys are largely unfurnished ) has the capacity to care for fragile interiors and furniture in the same way as the National Trust .
much discussion revolves round whether english heritage ( whose 400 castles and abbeys are largely unfurnished ) has the [ability] to care for fragile interiors and furniture in the same way as the national trust .

Like Bakhtin , Adorno and Horkheimer recognize the capacity of physical art and non-sense to negate oppressive reason , though they shut off ( only more explicitly than Bakhtin ) the possibility of this capacity being realized in contemporary culture :
like bakhtin , adorno and horkheimer recognize the [ability] of physical art and non-sense to negate oppressive reason , though they shut off ( only more explicitly than bakhtin ) the possibility of this [ability] being realized in contemporary culture :

Similarly , though from a different historical perspective , Adorno and Horkheimer , confronting the massive extension and technical development of that rationality , acknowledge the possibility , and even the residue , of difference and negation in the nonsense of eccentric entertainment — a residual refusal of official meaning — but can place no faith in its capacity to survive as anything more than fun , as anything other than acceptable difference within the logic of capitalist culture and the totality of the culture industry .
similarly , though from a different historical perspective , adorno and horkheimer , confronting the massive extension and technical development of that rationality , acknowledge the possibility , and even the residue , of difference and negation in the nonsense of eccentric entertainment — a residual refusal of official meaning — but can place no faith in its [ability] to survive as anything more than fun , as anything other than acceptable difference within the logic of capitalist culture and the totality of the culture industry .

Bakhtin 's enthusiasm for the novelistic is indeed inspired by its very responsiveness and its capacity to be changed .
bakhtin 's enthusiasm for the novelistic is indeed inspired by its very responsiveness and its [ability] to be changed .

While specific instances of such instability lack moment , little indications of the small ‘ incorrect ’ pleasures and uneasy recognitions on which niche-audience television thrives , nevertheless the bouncing of complicity and distance defines forms of identification and subjectivity which , in their turn , define television 's capacity to be critical .
while specific instances of such instability lack moment , little indications of the small ‘ incorrect ’ pleasures and uneasy recognitions on which niche-audience television thrives , nevertheless the bouncing of complicity and distance defines forms of identification and subjectivity which , in their turn , define television 's [ability] to be critical .

For Bakhtin , the radical force of the novelistic was grounded precisely in its capacity to put into play a multiplicity of languages , and parody opened up official discourse to travesty and irreverence :
for bakhtin , the radical force of the novelistic was grounded precisely in its [ability] to put into play a multiplicity of languages , and parody opened up official discourse to travesty and irreverence :

Within the conditions and constraints of commercial or public-service television , the capacity of parody and irony to be critical or to negate the logic of commodification in any real sense is extremely limited .
within the conditions and constraints of commercial or public-service television , the [ability] of parody and irony to be critical or to negate the logic of commodification in any real sense is extremely limited .

Simultaneously , the eighties have witnessed a shift from systems-oriented work to the capacity of the sensorium to process and transform data — — perception as apparatus — a shift towards virtuality and simulation typified by the video work of Thierry Kuntzel .
simultaneously , the eighties have witnessed a shift from systems-oriented work to the [ability] of the sensorium to process and transform data — — perception as apparatus — a shift towards virtuality and simulation typified by the video work of thierry kuntzel .

Two types began to emerge : a large ponderous type , used in a draft capacity , for instance , for pulling the butchers ' carts full of meat ; secondly , a smaller , more agile type , used mainly for herding .
two types began to emerge : a large ponderous type , used in a draft [ability] , for instance , for pulling the butchers ' carts full of meat ; secondly , a smaller , more agile type , used mainly for herding .

Firstly , donkeys began to be used in the draft capacity , which was not too serious a blow , but the advent of the train almost doomed the breed to extinction .
firstly , donkeys began to be used in the draft [ability] , which was not too serious a blow , but the advent of the train almost doomed the breed to extinction .

His reactions are quick and his learning capacity excellent .
his reactions are quick and his learning [ability] excellent .

Among his other good qualities are : a strong attachment to his home and a constant readiness to defend it ; he is very willing to retrieve and has a good capacity for tracking ; he has considerable endurance , likes the water and is fond of children .
among his other good qualities are : a strong attachment to his home and a constant readiness to defend it ; he is very willing to retrieve and has a good [ability] for tracking ; he has considerable endurance , likes the water and is fond of children .

The truth was that Cooper learned the skills of navigation and acted within the team in that capacity in the future .
the truth was that cooper learned the skills of navigation and acted within the team in that [ability] in the future .

Albert Popple stared at the small creature for a few minutes and marvelled at its capacity to kill .
albert popple stared at the small creature for a few minutes and marvelled at its [ability] to kill .

‘ Debbie could certainly be capable of working for a hairdresser in some capacity , ’ says Fergus Stewart , a lecturer at the Central Manchester College of Technology where Mrs Finni had Debbie briefly enrolled this spring after her local branch of the Amnesia Association suggested a visit .
‘ debbie could certainly be capable of working for a hairdresser in some [ability] , ’ says fergus stewart , a lecturer at the central manchester college of technology where mrs finni had debbie briefly enrolled this spring after her local branch of the amnesia association suggested a visit .

It was true that the chains ' capacity for negotiating good deals made it hard for the family-run business to keep going , and they had many letters offering businesses for sale , and the price of shops was coming down all the time .
it was true that the chains ' [ability] for negotiating good deals made it hard for the family-run business to keep going , and they had many letters offering businesses for sale , and the price of shops was coming down all the time .

John Beishon , director of the Consumers ' Association You could argue that food difficulties proceed and contribute to the development of sexual problems … The final irony and , to me , the bitter one , is that women , the sex that eats in an irregular , disordered and joyless fashion , have a greater capacity to enjoy food than men .
john beishon , director of the consumers ' association you could argue that food difficulties proceed and contribute to the development of sexual problems … the final irony and , to me , the bitter one , is that women , the sex that eats in an irregular , disordered and joyless fashion , have a greater [ability] to enjoy food than men .

The seaside photographer who promises ‘ Memories to treasure ’ with every happy snap might have been present at every major golfing occasion in the Eighties as the players of the age showed their capacity for repeating and exceeding the highwater marks of the very recent past .
the seaside photographer who promises ‘ memories to treasure ’ with every happy snap might have been present at every major golfing occasion in the eighties as the players of the age showed their [ability] for repeating and exceeding the highwater marks of the very recent past .

If Ballesteros was partially responsible for the all those individual successes , then Jacklin may deserve the credit not just for the Ryder Cup but for demonstrating that inspirational leadership , combined with an infinite capacity for detail , can produce a team better than the sum of its parts .
if ballesteros was partially responsible for the all those individual successes , then jacklin may deserve the credit not just for the ryder cup but for demonstrating that inspirational leadership , combined with an infinite [ability] for detail , can produce a team better than the sum of its parts .

He has helped in revitalising the Oxford-Cambridge match which this year drew a capacity crowd to Twickenham .
he has helped in revitalising the oxford-cambridge match which this year drew a [ability] crowd to twickenham .

Getting moving here wo n't mitigate the despair ; but it would at least show some capacity to think beyond the sourly inescapable .
getting moving here wo n't mitigate the despair ; but it would at least show some [ability] to think beyond the sourly inescapable .

In June , Alan Bond said his company ‘ had the capacity to do something major ’ .
in june , alan bond said his company ‘ had the [ability] to do something major ’ .

The Calibra 's average of 25.5mpg is rather more encouraging , and the 14-gallon tank capacity offers a better range than the Corrado 's 12.1 gallons .
the calibra 's average of 25.5mpg is rather more encouraging , and the 14-gallon tank [ability] offers a better range than the corrado 's 12.1 gallons .

Market demand for it has been much higher than expected and there is n't the manufacturing capacity to build both four and five-speeds for the same application .
market demand for it has been much higher than expected and there is n't the manufacturing [ability] to build both four and five-speeds for the same application .

Here , the front wheels scrabbled for grip , slithering across a hairpin as the turbo power overtook the capacity of the American Michelin tyres to transfer such substantial clout to the ground .
here , the front wheels scrabbled for grip , slithering across a hairpin as the turbo power overtook the [ability] of the american michelin tyres to transfer such substantial clout to the ground .

The Dodge is slightly ahead on fuel consumption — 22.2 compared with 18.9mpg — but it has a much smaller tank capacity .
the dodge is slightly ahead on fuel consumption — 22.2 compared with 18.9mpg — but it has a much smaller tank [ability] .

For this purpose Archbishop Fisher acted in his capacity as the Queen , s commissioner .
for this purpose archbishop fisher acted in his [ability] as the queen , s commissioner .

In the 1960s , Hoover was looking to increase the output of its manufacturing plant closer to its capacity level and so intended to boost its sales in mainland Europe .
in the 1960s , hoover was looking to increase the output of its manufacturing plant closer to its [ability] level and so intended to boost its sales in mainland europe .

Furthermore , it is argued , the needs and wants of a less developed country are so far in advance of that country 's productive capacity that it is useless to waste resources focusing on them .
furthermore , it is argued , the needs and wants of a less developed country are so far in advance of that country 's productive [ability] that it is useless to waste resources focusing on them .

If one examines the needs and wants of a less developed society and relates this information to the production capacity of that country , ways may be found to develop products that consumers want and which the country is capable of producing .
if one examines the needs and wants of a less developed society and relates this information to the production [ability] of that country , ways may be found to develop products that consumers want and which the country is capable of producing .

The economy is predominantly agricultural , often at subsistence levels , with very little industrial capacity , leading to great reliance on foreign aid .
the economy is predominantly agricultural , often at subsistence levels , with very little industrial [ability] , leading to great reliance on foreign aid .

These countries can experience rapid economic growth and become strong competitors , since they benefit from a combination of large-scale industrial capacity combined with low levels of wage costs .
these countries can experience rapid economic growth and become strong competitors , since they benefit from a combination of large-scale industrial [ability] combined with low levels of wage costs .

With the conference appearing doomed to collapse over the issue of the fifth freedom , Canada made a last-ditch effort to save the situation by proposing the first four freedoms , and one weekly round-trip flight that could be increased under an escalator clause of 65 per cent capacity and over .
with the conference appearing doomed to collapse over the issue of the fifth freedom , canada made a last-ditch effort to save the situation by proposing the first four freedoms , and one weekly round-trip flight that could be increased under an escalator clause of 65 per cent [ability] and over .

The talks proceeded quickly , without the complex formulae on frequencies and capacity that had characterized the Chicago talks .
the talks proceeded quickly , without the complex formulae on frequencies and [ability] that had characterized the chicago talks .

Instead , each airline was to be allowed to use its discretion as to frequency and capacity within reasonable grounds .
instead , each airline was to be allowed to use its discretion as to frequency and [ability] within reasonable grounds .

The only objective sense in which monetarism worked better than Keynesianism was the electoral one : the ‘ strong bargainers in all classes ’ were content for the economy to run at well below capacity .
the only objective sense in which monetarism worked better than keynesianism was the electoral one : the ‘ strong bargainers in all classes ’ were content for the economy to run at well below [ability] .

The naval support given immediately by Britain for the Korean operation was seen by the Foreign Office as a useful demonstration of Britain 's ‘ capacity to act as a world power with the support of the Commonwealth , and of its quickness to move when action rather than words are necessary ’ .
the naval support given immediately by britain for the korean operation was seen by the foreign office as a useful demonstration of britain 's ‘ [ability] to act as a world power with the support of the commonwealth , and of its quickness to move when action rather than words are necessary ’ .

After the 1914 war the building industry was completely run down and the nation 's building capacity was almost non-existent .
after the 1914 war the building industry was completely run down and the nation 's building [ability] was almost non-existent .

Capital equipment ( except in expanding lines like cement ) and , to a large extent , labour employed , remain constant whether or not producing at full capacity .
capital equipment ( except in expanding lines like cement ) and , to a large extent , labour employed , remain constant whether or not producing at full [ability] .

In what capacity does the sovereign address the citizens of India ?
in what [ability] does the sovereign address the citizens of india ?

In her capacity as a pedagogue , Krupskaia discovered a high proportion of illiterates among the factory workers of the Vyborg raion .
in her [ability] as a pedagogue , krupskaia discovered a high proportion of illiterates among the factory workers of the vyborg raion .

In the village Soviets of the Nikol'skaia volost ' 162 out of the 775 households had served since 1917 in some capacity .
in the village soviets of the nikol'skaia volost ' 162 out of the 775 households had served since 1917 in some [ability] .

This enormous gift that , despite all the trying things that went with it , Phoebe had received ; this capacity to look at a thing and know that , because it must be done , it is the doing of it that brings freedom and salvation .
this enormous gift that , despite all the trying things that went with it , phoebe had received ; this [ability] to look at a thing and know that , because it must be done , it is the doing of it that brings freedom and salvation .

This is a language , a world view , a form of life perhaps , wherein one of the principal reasons for according praise to a type of art is that it is able to give voice to a politics ; Bolshevism in the main case , though as Callinicos acknowledges , one of the salient points about Modernism was its ‘ ambiguity , its capacity to express a variety of different political positions ’ ; that is , when it was not engaged on its more usual ‘ flight from politics ’ ( p. 161 ) .
this is a language , a world view , a form of life perhaps , wherein one of the principal reasons for according praise to a type of art is that it is able to give voice to a politics ; bolshevism in the main case , though as callinicos acknowledges , one of the salient points about modernism was its ‘ ambiguity , its [ability] to express a variety of different political positions ’ ; that is , when it was not engaged on its more usual ‘ flight from politics ’ ( p. 161 ) .

But even this is done in the name of a supposed ‘ immediate sensuous charge ’ rather than any more extended critical capacity of art or the aesthetic .
but even this is done in the name of a supposed ‘ immediate sensuous charge ’ rather than any more extended critical [ability] of art or the aesthetic .

That is measured by the size and capacity of the halls in each territory .
that is measured by the size and [ability] of the halls in each territory .

After agreeing the hall 's capacity , this is the most important decision during the tour .
after agreeing the hall 's [ability] , this is the most important decision during the tour .

Having decided on the capacity of the venue and the ticket price , it is simple to multiply one by the other to ‘ gross the hall ’ .
having decided on the [ability] of the venue and the ticket price , it is simple to multiply one by the other to ‘ gross the hall ’ .

Within each record company there are financial and legal departments who play an important part in the company 's investment programme , like signing artists , acquiring labels and assessing manufacturing capacity .
within each record company there are financial and legal departments who play an important part in the company 's investment programme , like signing artists , acquiring labels and assessing manufacturing [ability] .

For instance , under a market valuation of exchange rates Tanzania 's coffee producers would have received a significantly higher farmgate price when expressed in local currency , and their capacity to save and invest would have been higher .
for instance , under a market valuation of exchange rates tanzania 's coffee producers would have received a significantly higher farmgate price when expressed in local currency , and their [ability] to save and invest would have been higher .

metres of cloth , compared to their total installed capacity of 152 million square metres .
metres of cloth , compared to their total installed [ability] of 152 million square metres .

Capacity utilisation for these five factories is thus only 44.2 per cent .
[ability] utilisation for these five factories is thus only 44.2 per cent .

The output of the Mwatex Mill was only 4.8 million sq.metres compared to the existing capacity for the mill of 45 million sq.metres .
the output of the mwatex mill was only 4.8 million sq.metres compared to the existing [ability] for the mill of 45 million sq.metres .

The Kiltex mill in Dar es salaam closed temporarily due to lack of water and shortage of spare parts , while the Arusha Mill could not operate to full capacity because polyester yarn could not be imported in sufficient quantities .
the kiltex mill in dar es salaam closed temporarily due to lack of water and shortage of spare parts , while the arusha mill could not operate to full [ability] because polyester yarn could not be imported in sufficient quantities .

In theory , each of these has the capacity to know to be a medium and even large scale business , and to take on the corporate giants in the course of time .
in theory , each of these has the [ability] to know to be a medium and even large scale business , and to take on the corporate giants in the course of time .

Pre-colonial Africa did not lack entrepreneurs who managed trading companies , in some cases stretching well beyond contemporary national frontiers , and which had the capacity to invest profits from trade in production .
pre-colonial africa did not lack entrepreneurs who managed trading companies , in some cases stretching well beyond contemporary national frontiers , and which had the [ability] to invest profits from trade in production .

Furthermore , although the sector is generating profits which in turn increase the national stock of capital , this is mainly in housing and land , and not in manufacturing capacity .
furthermore , although the sector is generating profits which in turn increase the national stock of capital , this is mainly in housing and land , and not in manufacturing [ability] .

The gap between the willingness to lend and the capacity to receive is partly due to the fact that the majority of donors have country lending , or granting , targets .
the gap between the willingness to lend and the [ability] to receive is partly due to the fact that the majority of donors have country lending , or granting , targets .

Under the shield of North Sea oil and gas , the endemic problems of the economy in the sixties — low productivity , backward manufacturing capacity , immobile and inadequately retrained labour , and excessively cautious unions and management — remained untouched .
under the shield of north sea oil and gas , the endemic problems of the economy in the sixties — low productivity , backward manufacturing [ability] , immobile and inadequately retrained labour , and excessively cautious unions and management — remained untouched .

Working women were delaying or curtailing their capacity to bear children , marrying later or perhaps being reluctant to have children at all .
working women were delaying or curtailing their [ability] to bear children , marrying later or perhaps being reluctant to have children at all .

The emotion roused by the murder of a policeman in late 1985 during racial disturbances at Broadwater Farm , a dismal sixties high-rise housing estate in Tottenham , north London , confirmed much public endorsement of the role of the police in a public-order capacity .
the emotion roused by the murder of a policeman in late 1985 during racial disturbances at broadwater farm , a dismal sixties high-rise housing estate in tottenham , north london , confirmed much public endorsement of the role of the police in a public-order [ability] .

In complete contrast on windless days it is a case of using your ingenuity to make the best of favourable currents and limited sail capacity .
in complete contrast on windless days it is a case of using your ingenuity to make the best of favourable currents and limited sail [ability] .

Muscular Christians and middle-class moralists in a private capacity certainly boosted the cause or games .
muscular christians and middle-class moralists in a private [ability] certainly boosted the cause or games .

Last year it was increased by 20 per cent across the three engine capacity bands — double the inflation rate .
last year it was increased by 20 per cent across the three engine [ability] bands — double the inflation rate .

And the Jordan team , despite the initial disappointment of losing Andrea de Cesaris when the Italian missed a gear and caused an engine failure during pre-qualifying , showed its capacity to be part of Formula 1 .
and the jordan team , despite the initial disappointment of losing andrea de cesaris when the italian missed a gear and caused an engine failure during pre-qualifying , showed its [ability] to be part of formula 1 .

Reviewing McBride , Eliot quoted from that writer 's conclusion that , given proper education of mind and body , ‘ the next generation may start at a very slightly higher level of capacity than their fathers ’ .
reviewing mcbride , eliot quoted from that writer 's conclusion that , given proper education of mind and body , ‘ the next generation may start at a very slightly higher level of [ability] than their fathers ’ .

As civilization develops , though , occupational specializations proliferate , and eventually there appears a capacity for abstracting religion , science , politics , and art from one another .
as civilization develops , though , occupational specializations proliferate , and eventually there appears a [ability] for abstracting religion , science , politics , and art from one another .

Rather it reflects Mrs Thatcher 's determination to gain space and capacity to achieve her policy objectives .
rather it reflects mrs thatcher 's determination to gain space and [ability] to achieve her policy objectives .

Whitton 's second , in the 38th minute , must have warned the crowd nearly 1,000 below the Recreation Ground 's 5,000 capacity that they were in for a dispiriting night .
whitton 's second , in the 38th minute , must have warned the crowd nearly 1,000 below the recreation ground 's 5,000 [ability] that they were in for a dispiriting night .

They hoped to arrange a meeting with Mr Mugabe , who in his capacity as Chancellor of the university was believed to have taken the decision to close the campus .
they hoped to arrange a meeting with mr mugabe , who in his [ability] as chancellor of the university was believed to have taken the decision to close the campus .

Mr Fitton yesterday made clear that he had always been acting in an independent capacity in the offer for Eagle , and that it had no connection with Braithwaite .
mr fitton yesterday made clear that he had always been acting in an independent [ability] in the offer for eagle , and that it had no connection with braithwaite .

Dr Gordon Moore , Intel chairman , said : ‘ We are badly in need of extra systems capacity and this part of the project will go ahead extremely rapidly .
dr gordon moore , intel chairman , said : ‘ we are badly in need of extra systems [ability] and this part of the project will go ahead extremely rapidly .

But Soderstrom , introducing the songs set by set , was good company ; the recital hall at Blackheath , rescued from years of abuse by the government department that used to inhabit it , had a good sound and an airy Victorian grace ; and Roger Vignoles , the accompanist , was as clear and gifted as ever ; so the capacity audience wound up feeling happy , especially when treated to confident versions of Lehar 's Vilja Song or My Lips They Kiss So Hot .
but soderstrom , introducing the songs set by set , was good company ; the recital hall at blackheath , rescued from years of abuse by the government department that used to inhabit it , had a good sound and an airy victorian grace ; and roger vignoles , the accompanist , was as clear and gifted as ever ; so the [ability] audience wound up feeling happy , especially when treated to confident versions of lehar 's vilja song or my lips they kiss so hot .

It affirms our faith in working people 's capacity to become their own experts , and take control of their lives .
it affirms our faith in working people 's [ability] to become their own experts , and take control of their lives .

Bacteria can show ‘ learning ’ by the fact that they move in response to a chemical gradient , but this is clearly different from the memory capacity of higher animals and man .
bacteria can show ‘ learning ’ by the fact that they move in response to a chemical gradient , but this is clearly different from the memory [ability] of higher animals and man .

For the industry as a whole , however , 1990 had been a bad year , with the Gulf war scuppering much of the expected sales growth , and planned new capacity raising the spectre of price wars and poor returns for manufacturers .
for the industry as a whole , however , 1990 had been a bad year , with the gulf war scuppering much of the expected sales growth , and planned new [ability] raising the spectre of price wars and poor returns for manufacturers .

Sharq , Saudi Arabia , has signed a contract to double its polyethylene capacity to 280,000 t pa by early 1994 .
sharq , saudi arabia , has signed a contract to double its polyethylene [ability] to 280,000 t pa by early 1994 .

It is interesting that the donor capacity of the anion can be estimated from the colour of the salts .
it is interesting that the donor [ability] of the anion can be estimated from the colour of the salts .

In the troposphere he emphasised the important reactions of the hydroxyl radical , which he described as the ‘ detergent ’ of the atmosphere because of its pollutant removal capacity , particularly in the tropics .
in the troposphere he emphasised the important reactions of the hydroxyl radical , which he described as the ‘ detergent ’ of the atmosphere because of its pollutant removal [ability] , particularly in the tropics .

At the beginning of the 1939–40 session , the predominant concern was the capacity and wisdom of continuing to provide adult education in the region irrespective of constitutional proprieties .
at the beginning of the 1939–40 session , the predominant concern was the [ability] and wisdom of continuing to provide adult education in the region irrespective of constitutional proprieties .

Such preaching , far from deterring the people , attracted them in such large numbers that the parish church of St.Mary and All Saints , which held about 1,000 , was filled beyond its capacity so that five galleries had to be erected to accommodate the greatly enlarged congregation .
such preaching , far from deterring the people , attracted them in such large numbers that the parish church of st.mary and all saints , which held about 1,000 , was filled beyond its [ability] so that five galleries had to be erected to accommodate the greatly enlarged congregation .

Although family farmers and part-time farmers have been the subject of many studies little information exists on their training needs or their capacity to utilise training .
although family farmers and part-time farmers have been the subject of many studies little information exists on their training needs or their [ability] to utilise training .

Tourism was of great importance and added to the earning capacity of many full-time and part-time farms .
tourism was of great importance and added to the earning [ability] of many full-time and part-time farms .

The carrying capacity of much of the land was greater than in other parts of Wales hence the predominance of full-time units .
the carrying [ability] of much of the land was greater than in other parts of wales hence the predominance of full-time units .

Parts of North Wales also had very ‘ hard ’ hills with low carrying capacity .
parts of north wales also had very ‘ hard ’ hills with low carrying [ability] .

Discussion revealed that women 's interests lay very much with lambing , first aid , dairy husbandry and financial management although quite a few were doubtful about their capacity to cope with the last of these subjects .
discussion revealed that women 's interests lay very much with lambing , first aid , dairy husbandry and financial management although quite a few were doubtful about their [ability] to cope with the last of these subjects .

It has the capacity for great creativity , reason and love .
it has the [ability] for great creativity , reason and love .

It also has the capacity to do more evil than any other species known on earth .
it also has the [ability] to do more evil than any other species known on earth .

Clive drew the heroin into the syringe , filling it to capacity .
clive drew the heroin into the syringe , filling it to [ability] .

Many rivals to Ibstock are suffering , and the Redland bid for Steetley , ditching a rival plan from Tarmac , demonstrated a strong and widespread desire for rationalisation and consolidation in order to remove some of the spare capacity .
many rivals to ibstock are suffering , and the redland bid for steetley , ditching a rival plan from tarmac , demonstrated a strong and widespread desire for rationalisation and consolidation in order to remove some of the spare [ability] .

Wage levels have risen and the absorptive capacity of industry has decreased .
wage levels have risen and the absorptive [ability] of industry has decreased .

The petrochemical industry has a tendency ‘ to rush head-on into investing in more petrochemical plants during the ‘ good times ’ , with wanton disregard for the impact this new capacity will have on the downside leg of the cycle ’ .
the petrochemical industry has a tendency ‘ to rush head-on into investing in more petrochemical plants during the ‘ good times ’ , with wanton disregard for the impact this new [ability] will have on the downside leg of the cycle ’ .

And most of all , new capacity keeps coming on stream .
and most of all , new [ability] keeps coming on stream .

‘ When times are good in chemicals , we all announce capacity increases .
‘ when times are good in chemicals , we all announce [ability] increases .

We 're trying , of course , to position ourselves so as to fool our competitors into delaying or cancelling their capacity increases .
we 're trying , of course , to position ourselves so as to fool our competitors into delaying or cancelling their [ability] increases .

The capacity of the new plant if 450 000 tpa .
the [ability] of the new plant if 450 000 tpa .

The new £78m plant will have a capacity of 120 000 tonnes per annum and once the plant is on stream ( early 1994 ) Neste plans to close some of the existing high pressure polyethylene capacity .
the new £78m plant will have a [ability] of 120 000 tonnes per annum and once the plant is on stream ( early 1994 ) neste plans to close some of the existing high pressure polyethylene [ability] .

The plant , which makes Calibre polycarbonate resin , has a capacity of 36 000 tonnes pa .
the plant , which makes calibre polycarbonate resin , has a [ability] of 36 000 tonnes pa .

Ohaus , Cambridge , plans to introduce new ranges of analytical balances , platform scales , general purpose bench scales , industrial indicators and higher capacity industrial balances with a resolution of 1g during 1992 .
ohaus , cambridge , plans to introduce new ranges of analytical balances , platform scales , general purpose bench scales , industrial indicators and higher [ability] industrial balances with a resolution of 1g during 1992 .

For the England team , on whose success depends not only the financial viability of the counties themselves , but also the capacity of the game to attract young people to play and watch it as a part of their heritage , the preparation for Test cricket provided by the present hotch-potch is clearly unsatisfactory .
for the england team , on whose success depends not only the financial viability of the counties themselves , but also the [ability] of the game to attract young people to play and watch it as a part of their heritage , the preparation for test cricket provided by the present hotch-potch is clearly unsatisfactory .

England play Yugoslavia on June 11 and France three days later , both in Malmo 's 26,800 capacity stadium .
england play yugoslavia on june 11 and france three days later , both in malmo 's 26,800 [ability] stadium .

to act in a specialist advisory capacity to existing services .
to act in a specialist advisory [ability] to existing services .

Above all , the CMHTs pointed to the heavy demands implicit in their own definition of success : the creation of a full range of services , not just alternative accommodation , and responsiveness to continuous changes in need and capacity rather than a once and for all move from one living environment to another .
above all , the cmhts pointed to the heavy demands implicit in their own definition of success : the creation of a full range of services , not just alternative accommodation , and responsiveness to continuous changes in need and [ability] rather than a once and for all move from one living environment to another .

The child 's welfare is paramount and must be considered in the broad context of his physical , emotional and educational needs , his age , sex and background and the capacity of those who look after him to care adequately .
the child 's welfare is paramount and must be considered in the broad context of his physical , emotional and educational needs , his age , sex and background and the [ability] of those who look after him to care adequately .

Whilst conflicts of interest between social groups are recognized , there is a fundamental belief in the capacity of parliamentary democracy to create greater social justice and equality .
whilst conflicts of interest between social groups are recognized , there is a fundamental belief in the [ability] of parliamentary democracy to create greater social justice and equality .

We first look at the macro-organization , that is the organization of services on a national or regional level , including their geographical distribution and overall capacity ( Ploeg , 1986 ) .
we first look at the macro-organization , that is the organization of services on a national or regional level , including their geographical distribution and overall [ability] ( ploeg , 1986 ) .

In Flanders a 33 per cent cut in overall capacity occurred between 1978 and 1987 , while a 46 per cent reduction took place between 1970 and 1987 in the Netherlands .
in flanders a 33 per cent cut in overall [ability] occurred between 1978 and 1987 , while a 46 per cent reduction took place between 1970 and 1987 in the netherlands .

The factors underlying this drop in capacity included research findings on the poor quality , adverse effects , and high financial costs of institutional care ( Hellinckx , 1991 ; Hellinckx and Munter , 1990 ; Ploeg , 1986 ) .
the factors underlying this drop in [ability] included research findings on the poor quality , adverse effects , and high financial costs of institutional care ( hellinckx , 1991 ; hellinckx and munter , 1990 ; ploeg , 1986 ) .

The decline in residential capacity has been accompanied by a growth in community based alternatives such as specialist foster care , independent living under supervision and day-centres aimed at supporting , rather than supplanting , families .
the decline in residential [ability] has been accompanied by a growth in community based alternatives such as specialist foster care , independent living under supervision and day-centres aimed at supporting , rather than supplanting , families .

Furthermore , the overall reduction in residential capacity sometimes means that the most troubled youngsters do not get the help they require .
furthermore , the overall reduction in residential [ability] sometimes means that the most troubled youngsters do not get the help they require .

We had doubts in our minds about the strength of these children 's attachment to their adoptive parents and though our sample group is very small , we would like to pose the hypothesis that ‘ severing children 's meaningful emotional links with members of their birth families limits their capacity for full attachment to their new families ’ .
we had doubts in our minds about the strength of these children 's attachment to their adoptive parents and though our sample group is very small , we would like to pose the hypothesis that ‘ severing children 's meaningful emotional links with members of their birth families limits their [ability] for full attachment to their new families ’ .

Our small scale numbers confirm the earlier studies quoted , that is , that older children especially , seem able to distinguish between different types of relationships and to have the capacity to relate to more than one set of parent figures simultaneously .
our small scale numbers confirm the earlier studies quoted , that is , that older children especially , seem able to distinguish between different types of relationships and to have the [ability] to relate to more than one set of parent figures simultaneously .

The very fact that the visit is ‘ in an entirely private , unofficial capacity ’ ( the Cardinal 's words to me last week ) is more likely to have some beneficial effect in the ‘ diplomatic minefield ’ to which your correspondent refers than the more usual protocol-and-agenda-laden expedition .
the very fact that the visit is ‘ in an entirely private , unofficial [ability] ’ ( the cardinal 's words to me last week ) is more likely to have some beneficial effect in the ‘ diplomatic minefield ’ to which your correspondent refers than the more usual protocol-and-agenda-laden expedition .

Between 1952 and 1981 electricity generating capacity grew by over 14 % per year .
between 1952 and 1981 electricity generating [ability] grew by over 14 % per year .

However , cuts in capital investment and fuel supply problems have reduced capacity growth to something around 3 % per year .
however , cuts in capital investment and fuel supply problems have reduced [ability] growth to something around 3 % per year .

Additional generating capacity will be mainly coal-fired or hydro with some nuclear .
additional generating [ability] will be mainly coal-fired or hydro with some nuclear .

From the east the Siberian pipeline has twice the capacity of the gas already contracted for , while to the north , Norway holds the largest North Sea gas reserves .
from the east the siberian pipeline has twice the [ability] of the gas already contracted for , while to the north , norway holds the largest north sea gas reserves .

Including nuclear plant currently planned , potential nuclear generating capacity , excluding 6 gas-cooled reactors and 3 fast breeder reactors ( 2 under construction ) , France 's potential nuclear generating capacity is some 65,000 megawatts .
including nuclear plant currently planned , potential nuclear generating [ability] , excluding 6 gas-cooled reactors and 3 fast breeder reactors ( 2 under construction ) , france 's potential nuclear generating [ability] is some 65,000 megawatts .

Steps were taken to reduce capacity : shifts were cut and shod time introduced but these measures did not go far enough to balance supply and demand .
steps were taken to reduce [ability] : shifts were cut and shod time introduced but these measures did not go far enough to balance supply and demand .

Despite huge cuts in refinery capacity those remaining were still 40 % under-used in 1983 .
despite huge cuts in refinery [ability] those remaining were still 40 % under-used in 1983 .

Imports are likely to grow as loss-making capacity is reduced .
imports are likely to grow as loss-making [ability] is reduced .

This is partly because little new capacity will be needed this century due to the low level of increase in electricity demand .
this is partly because little new [ability] will be needed this century due to the low level of increase in electricity demand .

As with all other European refiners however , the Netherlands is suffering from chronic over-capacity caused by utilisation of less than 60 % of capacity .
as with all other european refiners however , the netherlands is suffering from chronic over-capacity caused by utilisation of less than 60 % of [ability] .

The dam on the Caroni River has a 9,000 megawatt capacity and is intended to supply 60 % of Venezuela 's electricity by 1986 .
the dam on the caroni river has a 9,000 megawatt [ability] and is intended to supply 60 % of venezuela 's electricity by 1986 .

On completion these three projects will triple Saudi Arabia 's export capacity .
on completion these three projects will triple saudi arabia 's export [ability] .

It was n't as large as Hoomey 's , but was as thin , and without its companion 's extraordinary capacity for ground-clearing .
it was n't as large as hoomey 's , but was as thin , and without its companion 's extraordinary [ability] for ground-clearing .

The first is that , since it is difficult for each authority to make its decision within the framework of a general view of social needs and social capacity to pay , the total amount of taxation tends to be raised above what it would be in a more unified system .
the first is that , since it is difficult for each authority to make its decision within the framework of a general view of social needs and social [ability] to pay , the total amount of taxation tends to be raised above what it would be in a more unified system .

Now he was attending his own , but in a non-singing capacity !
now he was attending his own , but in a non-singing [ability] !

Colin MacCabe 's position was that realism should not be defined by content or by its capacity to mirror reality but by the way in which the text 's organisation functioned to position the spectator/reader .
colin maccabe 's position was that realism should not be defined by content or by its [ability] to mirror reality but by the way in which the text 's organisation functioned to position the spectator/reader .

Today 's meeting , which the club 's bete noire , Geoffrey Boycott , is not expected to attend in his capacity as the member for Wakefield , is an inquest into last summer .
today 's meeting , which the club 's bete noire , geoffrey boycott , is not expected to attend in his [ability] as the member for wakefield , is an inquest into last summer .

Under the present system the Central Electricity Generating Board is charged with ensuring there is enough power station capacity to meet demand .
under the present system the central electricity generating board is charged with ensuring there is enough power station [ability] to meet demand .

However , Lord Marshall 's letter says that because of the Government 's commitment to introduce competition into electricity supply as quickly as possible ‘ alternative arrangements for protecting the security of supply ’ would need to be made , involving a ‘ capacity deficiency scheme ’ .
however , lord marshall 's letter says that because of the government 's commitment to introduce competition into electricity supply as quickly as possible ‘ alternative arrangements for protecting the security of supply ’ would need to be made , involving a ‘ [ability] deficiency scheme ’ .

The ore-treatment plant at the Freda/Rebecca mine is running ahead of design capacity , treating an average of 2,800 tonnes of ore a day in August .
the ore-treatment plant at the freda/rebecca mine is running ahead of design [ability] , treating an average of 2,800 tonnes of ore a day in august .

‘ The uncomfortable problem Britain faces is to recognise its capacity to consume and not to invest .
‘ the uncomfortable problem britain faces is to recognise its [ability] to consume and not to invest .

In September , when Lloyd 's announced record profits of £650m for its market 's last completed trading period , Murray Lawrence , Lloyd 's chairman , said that the financial capacity to accept insurance business next year would be the same as this year 's £11bn .
in september , when lloyd 's announced record profits of £650m for its market 's last completed trading period , murray lawrence , lloyd 's chairman , said that the financial [ability] to accept insurance business next year would be the same as this year 's £11bn .

He admitted that this financial capacity would be provided by fewer underwriting members .
he admitted that this financial [ability] would be provided by fewer underwriting members .

Many professionals within the Lloyd 's market welcome the current crop of departures as there is an excess of financial capacity within the market at a time when business is not growing at the same rate as the available capacity .
many professionals within the lloyd 's market welcome the current crop of departures as there is an excess of financial [ability] within the market at a time when business is not growing at the same rate as the available [ability] .

Furthermore , a variety of indicators , including capacity utilisation and vacancies , have been giving clear signs of inflationary pressure in the economy for some time .
furthermore , a variety of indicators , including [ability] utilisation and vacancies , have been giving clear signs of inflationary pressure in the economy for some time .

For many its effect is a long-term one , impairing their capacity for personal relationships , altering their behaviour and values and generating fear .
for many its effect is a long-term one , impairing their [ability] for personal relationships , altering their behaviour and values and generating fear .

It was the reaction to the evidence that women were the equals , if not more than the equals , of men in sexual responsiveness and capacity .
it was the reaction to the evidence that women were the equals , if not more than the equals , of men in sexual responsiveness and [ability] .

The established , and now publicized , fact that women 's sexual capacity increases with age , at least until the late twenties , and stays at this peak for decades , while men 's is already declining , came as a shock both to men , who suddenly discovered they were the unlucky sex , and to women who had not realized what they had been missing .
the established , and now publicized , fact that women 's sexual [ability] increases with age , at least until the late twenties , and stays at this peak for decades , while men 's is already declining , came as a shock both to men , who suddenly discovered they were the unlucky sex , and to women who had not realized what they had been missing .

His finding was that the capacity to experience it was much more highly developed in wives who had indulged in intercourse before marriage than in those who had remained chaste — in short there was much to be said against chastity .
his finding was that the [ability] to experience it was much more highly developed in wives who had indulged in intercourse before marriage than in those who had remained chaste — in short there was much to be said against chastity .

‘ The effects of nuclear war vary greatly ’ , he asserted , ‘ Do you survive with half or less than half your population and productive capacity ?
‘ the effects of nuclear war vary greatly ’ , he asserted , ‘ do you survive with half or less than half your population and productive [ability] ?

There was something wrong with the ballcock , and if both taps were turned on to capacity at the same time there was an overflow outside .
there was something wrong with the ballcock , and if both taps were turned on to [ability] at the same time there was an overflow outside .

Enhanced farm incomes will affect the farmers ' production decisions and capacity , but policies can be designed which have much smaller impacts on production , consumption , trade and world prices than do many of the existing policies , the bureau adds .
enhanced farm incomes will affect the farmers ' production decisions and [ability] , but policies can be designed which have much smaller impacts on production , consumption , trade and world prices than do many of the existing policies , the bureau adds .

Since 1985 , the stock capacity has been doubled .
since 1985 , the stock [ability] has been doubled .

For the 3000 and 3100 series is a 2200kg ( 4850lb ) capacity linkage .
for the 3000 and 3100 series is a 2200kg ( 4850lb ) [ability] linkage .

Lifting capacity at linkends is 10 tonnes — more than enough for West End Farm 's needs .
lifting [ability] at linkends is 10 tonnes — more than enough for west end farm 's needs .

The Antares 130 is no exception , with a six-cylinder unit of exactly 6,000cc in capacity and with a bore and stroke of 1005 and 115.5mm .
the antares 130 is no exception , with a six-cylinder unit of exactly 6,000cc in [ability] and with a bore and stroke of 1005 and 115.5mm .

Also , the lift capacity , which looks good on paper , may disappoint if you are using very heavy implements .
also , the lift [ability] , which looks good on paper , may disappoint if you are using very heavy implements .

Lift capacity could be better
lift [ability] could be better

Towing capacity has stayed unchanged at 1,200kg/2,645lb ( braked ) .
towing [ability] has stayed unchanged at 1,200kg/2,645lb ( braked ) .

The answer may be to decrease capacity and cylinder number but wring more power from what 's left — a solution that may damage fuel consumption , durability and driveability . Swings and roundabouts , checks and balances : who 'd be a research engineer ?
the answer may be to decrease [ability] and cylinder number but wring more power from what 's left — a solution that may damage fuel consumption , durability and driveability . swings and roundabouts , checks and balances : who 'd be a research engineer ?

Power has also to be looked at in the light of engine capacity and tractor weight .
power has also to be looked at in the light of engine [ability] and tractor weight .

Given two engines of equal power , the biggest capacity one ( highest cc number ) is likely to be the lowest-stressed .
given two engines of equal power , the biggest [ability] one ( highest cc number ) is likely to be the lowest-stressed .

Engine capacity is often constant through a family of motors , with power output adjusted by fuelling , turbocharging , etc .
engine [ability] is often constant through a family of motors , with power output adjusted by fuelling , turbocharging , etc .

Moving from a four to a six of the same capacity means smoother running , as individual cylinder explosions are less powerful and a six is inherently better balanced .
moving from a four to a six of the same [ability] means smoother running , as individual cylinder explosions are less powerful and a six is inherently better balanced .

Bigger capacity engines produce more torque as more fuel is burnt per firing stroke , giving a bigger push to the piston .
bigger [ability] engines produce more torque as more fuel is burnt per firing stroke , giving a bigger push to the piston .

Turbocharged engines generally produce more power and torque for a given capacity than non-turbo-charged ( naturally-aspirated ) engines , and have better specific fuel consumption ( fuel used per kW/hr ) .
turbocharged engines generally produce more power and torque for a given [ability] than non-turbo-charged ( naturally-aspirated ) engines , and have better specific fuel consumption ( fuel used per kw/hr ) .

Linkage lift depends on engine power and hydraulic capacity , and should be sized to give spare capacity over the heaviest item on the farm — allowing for extra wet-soil loading where appropriate .
linkage lift depends on engine power and hydraulic [ability] , and should be sized to give spare [ability] over the heaviest item on the farm — allowing for extra wet-soil loading where appropriate .

The excited chatter hushed as Charles in his capacity of presenter of the affair , came before the curtain .
the excited chatter hushed as charles in his [ability] of presenter of the affair , came before the curtain .

The five children of the household — all under twelve — sat staring at him and from time to time discussed him with one another in rapid French , which in spite of his recent visit to the country as a ski soldier , totally escaped his capacity to understand .
the five children of the household — all under twelve — sat staring at him and from time to time discussed him with one another in rapid french , which in spite of his recent visit to the country as a ski soldier , totally escaped his [ability] to understand .

All models are supplied with a large 50 litre capacity solid grass box and for a limited period only this offer includes a 9in ( 23cm ) comfort trimmer to provide a perfect edge to your lawn or finish off difficult areas to reach .
all models are supplied with a large 50 litre [ability] solid grass box and for a limited period only this offer includes a 9in ( 23cm ) comfort trimmer to provide a perfect edge to your lawn or finish off difficult areas to reach .

In his capacity as world-wide planning coordinator , Mueller had been invited by Nate Cocello to attend the meeting as an observer .
in his [ability] as world-wide planning coordinator , mueller had been invited by nate cocello to attend the meeting as an observer .

The room had seating capacity for about eighty and Mark saw that it was about half full .
the room had seating [ability] for about eighty and mark saw that it was about half full .

From this point of view , the capacity of an electronic computer for tireless number-crunching should have something to offer .
from this point of view , the [ability] of an electronic computer for tireless number-crunching should have something to offer .

In particular , their child-bearing capacity is emphatically acknowledged as the greatest contribution to familial and social welfare .
in particular , their child-bearing [ability] is emphatically acknowledged as the greatest contribution to familial and social welfare .

In these new discursive wars , feminism as well as anti-feminism sacrificed the idea of women as inherently passionate ; sexual pleasure as a sign in the flesh of reproductive capacity fell victim to political exigencies .
in these new discursive wars , feminism as well as anti-feminism sacrificed the idea of women as inherently passionate ; sexual pleasure as a sign in the flesh of reproductive [ability] fell victim to political exigencies .

Sheffield-born and daughter of a cutlery master , she was herself notably active , running an allotment and still a working cutler : a woman with ‘ plenty of initiative and business capacity .
sheffield-born and daughter of a cutlery master , she was herself notably active , running an allotment and still a working cutler : a woman with ‘ plenty of initiative and business [ability] .

Whilst a rise in temperature increases the rate of activity of the detergent it also increases the capacity of water to dissolve solids .
whilst a rise in temperature increases the rate of activity of the detergent it also increases the [ability] of water to dissolve solids .

Liquid detergents tend to be packed in plastic containers ranging from the domestic type squeeze pack of around 1 litre capacity to the 5 litre pour pack and the 20–25 litre drum .
liquid detergents tend to be packed in plastic containers ranging from the domestic type squeeze pack of around 1 litre [ability] to the 5 litre pour pack and the 20–25 litre drum .

They vary in capacity from the hand held 2 litre version to the back-pack mounted 25 litre sprayer .
they vary in [ability] from the hand held 2 litre version to the back-pack mounted 25 litre sprayer .

Mechanical strength , absorption capacity , weight , bulk and lint shed are all adjustable by altering the types and ratios of fibres and the binders although optimising any one feature means reducing others .
mechanical strength , absorption [ability] , weight , bulk and lint shed are all adjustable by altering the types and ratios of fibres and the binders although optimising any one feature means reducing others .

Sizes vary enormously from the 5 litre domestic model and the professional version of the same capacity that can be back-pack mounted for use in awkward areas to giants capable of holding 200 litres or more .
sizes vary enormously from the 5 litre domestic model and the professional version of the same [ability] that can be back-pack mounted for use in awkward areas to giants capable of holding 200 litres or more .

In some policies the two problems are seen to be combined where the systems of farming collectively called shifting cultivation have reached a point where their carrying capacity has been exceeded , and fallow periods have become so short that degradation and erosion have set in ( Allan 1967 ) .
in some policies the two problems are seen to be combined where the systems of farming collectively called shifting cultivation have reached a point where their carrying [ability] has been exceeded , and fallow periods have become so short that degradation and erosion have set in ( allan 1967 ) .

The repercussions of the introduction of cash crops have been analysed in detail in postcolonial times ( Dinham & Hines 1983 ) , particularly upon a reduced capacity of households to grow enough food for themselves , upon nutrition , and upon their ability to withstand drought and other , socially-induced , disasters ( Copans 1975 ; O'Keefe et al .
the repercussions of the introduction of cash crops have been analysed in detail in postcolonial times ( dinham & hines 1983 ) , particularly upon a reduced [ability] of households to grow enough food for themselves , upon nutrition , and upon their ability to withstand drought and other , socially-induced , disasters ( copans 1975 ; o'keefe et al .

But the power of the urban elite , in a modern state , is determined not by its economic role alone , but by its capacity to organise , centralise and control … Rural people , while much more numerous than urban people , are also much more dispersed , poor , inarticulate and unorganised .
but the power of the urban elite , in a modern state , is determined not by its economic role alone , but by its [ability] to organise , centralise and control … rural people , while much more numerous than urban people , are also much more dispersed , poor , inarticulate and unorganised .

Roland was first profoundly shocked by these writings , and then , in his scholarly capacity , thrilled .
roland was first profoundly shocked by these writings , and then , in his scholarly [ability] , thrilled .

The novel exercises considerable power over the reader , perhaps because of this duality , because , as Giovanni Raboni suggests in his Preface , it articulates two typical and basic forms of the narrative imagination , ‘ the claustrophobic fascination of imprisonment , exile ’ and ‘ the adventurous-picaresque fascination of the journey , of a search across hostile and uncertain spaces ’ ( Pazzi 1985 : x ) ; because of its capacity , to paraphrase Angelo Guglielmi , to tell a story of life while it is telling a story of death ( Guglielmi 1985 ) .
the novel exercises considerable power over the reader , perhaps because of this duality , because , as giovanni raboni suggests in his preface , it articulates two typical and basic forms of the narrative imagination , ‘ the claustrophobic fascination of imprisonment , exile ’ and ‘ the adventurous-picaresque fascination of the journey , of a search across hostile and uncertain spaces ’ ( pazzi 1985 : x ) ; because of its [ability] , to paraphrase angelo guglielmi , to tell a story of life while it is telling a story of death ( guglielmi 1985 ) .

Tradition , the node , is the centre , and the future is the infinitely variable capacity of elaboration radiating outwards to the periphery of wider and wider circles .
tradition , the node , is the centre , and the future is the infinitely variable [ability] of elaboration radiating outwards to the periphery of wider and wider circles .

The framework contains wireways , giving considerable cable-carrying capacity , both vertically and horizontally .
the framework contains wireways , giving considerable cable-carrying [ability] , both vertically and horizontally .

The servicing of perceived strategic needs is outrunning economic capacity .
the servicing of perceived strategic needs is outrunning economic [ability] .

Syria and Iraq have advanced rocketry systems and in the case of the latter — if not Syria also — a chemical and biological warfare capacity .
syria and iraq have advanced rocketry systems and in the case of the latter — if not syria also — a chemical and biological warfare [ability] .

Given Israel 's inability to sustain large casualties this must be seen as a weapon of similarly fearsome proportions to Israel 's own nuclear capacity .
given israel 's inability to sustain large casualties this must be seen as a weapon of similarly fearsome proportions to israel 's own nuclear [ability] .

Palestine ( with proportional representation ) , Transjordan , Syria and Iraq , with the question of Jewish immigration being contingent not upon Palestinian Arab consent but upon the economic absorptive capacity of the country .
palestine ( with proportional representation ) , transjordan , syria and iraq , with the question of jewish immigration being contingent not upon palestinian arab consent but upon the economic absorptive [ability] of the country .

Even in the event of Israel 's relinquishing the occupied territories this political problem is likely to continue , partly because the absorptive capacity of the West Bank is limited but also because the vast majority of refugees in Lebanon come from Galilee , Haifa and Acre , and consider these places to be home .
even in the event of israel 's relinquishing the occupied territories this political problem is likely to continue , partly because the absorptive [ability] of the west bank is limited but also because the vast majority of refugees in lebanon come from galilee , haifa and acre , and consider these places to be home .

At the strategic level of integrating the territories into the Israeli economy , the competitive edge of Israel 's highly developed and heavily subsidized productive capacity in industry and agriculture destroyed the Palestinian sector almost in its entirety — although there was not an enormous amount to destroy because of the Jordanian legacy of economic neglect .
at the strategic level of integrating the territories into the israeli economy , the competitive edge of israel 's highly developed and heavily subsidized productive [ability] in industry and agriculture destroyed the palestinian sector almost in its entirety — although there was not an enormous amount to destroy because of the jordanian legacy of economic neglect .

Our so called independent nuclear capacity shall be cancelled .
our so called independent nuclear [ability] shall be cancelled .

The reality of our interdependent nuclear capacity shall be achieved by returning the nuclear warheads to America , airmail .
the reality of our interdependent nuclear [ability] shall be achieved by returning the nuclear warheads to america , airmail .

Spear 1978 ) usually assume that the capacity of the first-formed memory to interfere with that formed second tends to increase as the retention interval is extended .
spear 1978 ) usually assume that the [ability] of the first-formed memory to interfere with that formed second tends to increase as the retention interval is extended .

In this capacity he played a major part in instituting the kidney transplant unit at St James 's ; and when he established the liver transplant unit there , it was only the third such centre in the country .
in this [ability] he played a major part in instituting the kidney transplant unit at st james 's ; and when he established the liver transplant unit there , it was only the third such centre in the country .

Medical mistakes which result in the child having a measured low mental capacity will be covered , and claims will not prejudice any medical negligence cases .
medical mistakes which result in the child having a measured low mental [ability] will be covered , and claims will not prejudice any medical negligence cases .

Popular schools have to admit pupils up to capacity ; unpopular schools lose money and will eventually close .
popular schools have to admit pupils up to [ability] ; unpopular schools lose money and will eventually close .

But he also acknowledged doubts about Labour 's capacity to ignite recovery as he stressed the party 's programme of practical measures was based on what Britain 's successful European competitors had already undertaken .
but he also acknowledged doubts about labour 's [ability] to ignite recovery as he stressed the party 's programme of practical measures was based on what britain 's successful european competitors had already undertaken .

But he also acknowledged doubts about Labour 's capacity to ignite recovery as he stressed the party 's programme of practical measures was based on what Britain 's successful European competitors had already undertaken .
but he also acknowledged doubts about labour 's [ability] to ignite recovery as he stressed the party 's programme of practical measures was based on what britain 's successful european competitors had already undertaken .

‘ Anyone who underestimates our capacity to hold firm in these matters will be involved in a terrible miscalculation . ’
‘ anyone who underestimates our [ability] to hold firm in these matters will be involved in a terrible miscalculation . ’

The brewery at Wistanstow , Craven Arms , is nearing brewing capacity and Wood 's are bringing forward plans to extend their premises and work should start this Autumn .
the brewery at wistanstow , craven arms , is nearing brewing [ability] and wood 's are bringing forward plans to extend their premises and work should start this autumn .

He used his pay-off money to buy the five barrel capacity plant .
he used his pay-off money to buy the five barrel [ability] plant .

Brombach confesses he gulped when he found it necessary in 1983 to invest 45 million marks to make a quantum leap to a capacity of a million hectolitres , at a new brewery on the edge of town .
brombach confesses he gulped when he found it necessary in 1983 to invest 45 million marks to make a quantum leap to a [ability] of a million hectolitres , at a new brewery on the edge of town .

The brewhouse he installed then is now being replicated in mirror image to double that capacity .
the brewhouse he installed then is now being replicated in mirror image to double that [ability] .

The blade , which is something like a large jigsaw blade , protrudes from the front of the saw to give a cutting capacity of 150mmin wood and 12mm in steel , as long as the correct blade is fitted .
the blade , which is something like a large jigsaw blade , protrudes from the front of the saw to give a cutting [ability] of 150mmin wood and 12mm in steel , as long as the correct blade is fitted .

Essentially this concept is not new — from the early days our railways were providing first- , second and even third-class accommodation and the excursion ticket was quickly used to sell spare capacity .
essentially this concept is not new — from the early days our railways were providing first- , second and even third-class accommodation and the excursion ticket was quickly used to sell spare [ability] .

InterCity now has a range of offers — first class , standard and the Saver ticket — the purpose of which is , by offering varying fares to channel demand so that it can spread the load over existing capacity .
intercity now has a range of offers — first class , standard and the saver ticket — the purpose of which is , by offering varying fares to channel demand so that it can spread the load over existing [ability] .

The new vehicles built as replacements during the 1980s were generally of higher capacity , privately owned and fitted with air brakes .
the new vehicles built as replacements during the 1980s were generally of higher [ability] , privately owned and fitted with air brakes .

The response recognises the need for substantial reform in this area of the law , including clarification and guidelines in regard to tests of capacity .
the response recognises the need for substantial reform in this area of the law , including clarification and guidelines in regard to tests of [ability] .

The Australian group said that Pearl 's policyholders will benefit from the deal through its capacity to bring new products and marketing skills and expertise in administration , computing and product development .
the australian group said that pearl 's policyholders will benefit from the deal through its [ability] to bring new products and marketing skills and expertise in administration , computing and product development .

For your £3 entrance fee , you were invited into a dingey outer bar , packed to capacity with strange anarcho-punk types who only appear at night .
for your £3 entrance fee , you were invited into a dingey outer bar , packed to [ability] with strange anarcho-punk types who only appear at night .

This is not surprising as the dog 's capacity to associate a form of behaviour and the consequences of it are limited to less than two seconds .
this is not surprising as the dog 's [ability] to associate a form of behaviour and the consequences of it are limited to less than two seconds .

Needs human capacity and to be treated with respect .
needs human [ability] and to be treated with respect .

Pockets , attached via Karrimor 's Klasp system , boost capacity to a massive 100 litres .
pockets , attached via karrimor 's klasp system , boost [ability] to a massive 100 litres .

Cleanaway can take liquid PCBs at its Ellesmere Port establishment , where it is building another plant which will take capacity there to 48,000 tonnes annually .
cleanaway can take liquid pcbs at its ellesmere port establishment , where it is building another plant which will take [ability] there to 48,000 tonnes annually .

Leigh Environmental wants to build an incinerator plant near Doncaster , but also faces local authority opposition , and International Technology Corporation has submitted a joint application with Northumbrian Water for incinerators at Teesside and Tyneside for the incineration of sewage sludge and organic wastes , with a capacity of 43,000 tonnes each .
leigh environmental wants to build an incinerator plant near doncaster , but also faces local authority opposition , and international technology corporation has submitted a joint application with northumbrian water for incinerators at teesside and tyneside for the incineration of sewage sludge and organic wastes , with a [ability] of 43,000 tonnes each .

Five more incinerators currently proposed in various parts of the country will double capacity .
five more incinerators currently proposed in various parts of the country will double [ability] .

There is PCB-burning capacity in Sweden , Finland , Germany and France , of which only the last is , like Britain , prepared to import such waste .
there is pcb-burning [ability] in sweden , finland , germany and france , of which only the last is , like britain , prepared to import such waste .

This view is not convincing given that we all have a latent capacity to develop cancer cells through oncogene gene sectors ; exposure to fields might reasonably be supposed to accelerate transmutations .
this view is not convincing given that we all have a latent [ability] to develop cancer cells through oncogene gene sectors ; exposure to fields might reasonably be supposed to accelerate transmutations .

The graduate in English was to be to some extent a scholar , in so far as he or she had a sense of the past and the capacity to understand literature in its historical contexts , particularly linguistic ; beyond that , what was looked for was wide reading , an appreciation of masterpieces , and a capacity to write well , attend to evidence , and disentangle sense from nonsense in argument .
the graduate in english was to be to some extent a scholar , in so far as he or she had a sense of the past and the [ability] to understand literature in its historical contexts , particularly linguistic ; beyond that , what was looked for was wide reading , an appreciation of masterpieces , and a [ability] to write well , attend to evidence , and disentangle sense from nonsense in argument .

It implies that capacity for personal affective response that is dismissed by those who wish to transform literature into a purely cognitive discourse .
it implies that [ability] for personal affective response that is dismissed by those who wish to transform literature into a purely cognitive discourse .

It is certainly the case that a student with , say , a moderately good pass in A-level French may have little capacity for the responsive reading of French poetry .
it is certainly the case that a student with , say , a moderately good pass in a-level french may have little [ability] for the responsive reading of french poetry .

Some years ago the teachers of one language pronounced themselves satisfied that at the end of a year the students of it had the capacity for literary reading ; the equally competent and concerned teachers of another language were convinced that their students had achieved no such capacity , and that the process was rather a waste of time .
some years ago the teachers of one language pronounced themselves satisfied that at the end of a year the students of it had the [ability] for literary reading ; the equally competent and concerned teachers of another language were convinced that their students had achieved no such [ability] , and that the process was rather a waste of time .

Much , of course , depends on individual motivation and capacity .
much , of course , depends on individual motivation and [ability] .

China is taking a 33 per cent shareholding in the airport , which will have a capacity for 6.5 million passengers annually .
china is taking a 33 per cent shareholding in the airport , which will have a [ability] for 6.5 million passengers annually .

All dance is based on the same principles and rules which are dictated by the anatomical capacity for movement found in the human body .
all dance is based on the same principles and rules which are dictated by the anatomical [ability] for movement found in the human body .

Fawley power station , which supplies electricity to the National Grid , operated at reduced capacity to avoid sucking up the oil in its water cooling system .
fawley power station , which supplies electricity to the national grid , operated at reduced [ability] to avoid sucking up the oil in its water cooling system .

Cagliari — population 225,000 , stadium capacity 38,800 — is a city with its own strong soccer culture , and its own football hero , Luigi Riva ( pictured below , and , left , as celebrated by a lifesize statue in a local bar ) , who played for Cagliari as a left-winger when they won their one Italian league title in 1970 and was a prodigious scorer .
cagliari — population 225,000 , stadium [ability] 38,800 — is a city with its own strong soccer culture , and its own football hero , luigi riva ( pictured below , and , left , as celebrated by a lifesize statue in a local bar ) , who played for cagliari as a left-winger when they won their one italian league title in 1970 and was a prodigious scorer .

Two main competitor plants — Llanwern and Port Talbot in south Wales — are being loaded to full capacity over the Christmas period .
two main competitor plants — llanwern and port talbot in south wales — are being loaded to full [ability] over the christmas period .

Although Romania is a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Mr Ceausescu boasted earlier this year that his country had the capacity to produce nuclear weapons .
although romania is a signatory to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , mr ceausescu boasted earlier this year that his country had the [ability] to produce nuclear weapons .

Critics have also pointed to the lack of transport links to the development , but Olympia&York denies that there will be a problem given the proposed extension of the Jubilee Line , increased capacity of the Light Docklands Railway , and the building of new roads .
critics have also pointed to the lack of transport links to the development , but olympia&york denies that there will be a problem given the proposed extension of the jubilee line , increased [ability] of the light docklands railway , and the building of new roads .

No one would doubt the market 's need to deploy its £11billion capacity more effectively — some marine syndicates work at less than half strength while syndicates in different businesses are pushing their limits .
no one would doubt the market 's need to deploy its £11billion [ability] more effectively — some marine syndicates work at less than half strength while syndicates in different businesses are pushing their limits .

Many of its syndicates are operating at less than 50 per cent of their capacity .
many of its syndicates are operating at less than 50 per cent of their [ability] .

Sturge , the largest underwriting group at Lloyd 's , said the ability to drop barriers — which will not be compulsory — would lead to mergers between syndicates and an improved use of capacity .
sturge , the largest underwriting group at lloyd 's , said the ability to drop barriers — which will not be compulsory — would lead to mergers between syndicates and an improved use of [ability] .

Getting moving here wo n't mitigate the despair ; but it would at least show some capacity to think beyond the sourly inescapable .
getting moving here wo n't mitigate the despair ; but it would at least show some [ability] to think beyond the sourly inescapable .

Critics have also pointed to the lack of transport links to the development , but Olympia&York denies that there will be a problem given the proposed extension of the Jubilee Line , increased capacity of the Light Docklands Railway , and the building of new roads .
critics have also pointed to the lack of transport links to the development , but olympia&york denies that there will be a problem given the proposed extension of the jubilee line , increased [ability] of the light docklands railway , and the building of new roads .

No one would doubt the market 's need to deploy its £11billion capacity more effectively — some marine syndicates work at less than half strength while syndicates in different businesses are pushing their limits .
no one would doubt the market 's need to deploy its £11billion [ability] more effectively — some marine syndicates work at less than half strength while syndicates in different businesses are pushing their limits .

Many of its syndicates are operating at less than 50 per cent of their capacity .
many of its syndicates are operating at less than 50 per cent of their [ability] .

Sturge , the largest underwriting group at Lloyd 's , said the ability to drop barriers — which will not be compulsory — would lead to mergers between syndicates and an improved use of capacity .
sturge , the largest underwriting group at lloyd 's , said the ability to drop barriers — which will not be compulsory — would lead to mergers between syndicates and an improved use of [ability] .

The late 19th century was a busy time for , despite numerous bankruptcies in other clothing districts , Eastington 's mills were working at full capacity .
the late 19th century was a busy time for , despite numerous bankruptcies in other clothing districts , eastington 's mills were working at full [ability] .

Between them they had a weekly capacity of 5,500 sacks .
between them they had a weekly [ability] of 5,500 sacks .

The mill eventually reopened , the year after the blast , and carried on producing commercial papers , but to a reduced capacity .
the mill eventually reopened , the year after the blast , and carried on producing commercial papers , but to a reduced [ability] .

The challenge to the parents to find the best teapot will , with any luck , lead to practical work on heat retention , ease of pouring , capacity , weight , etc .
the challenge to the parents to find the best teapot will , with any luck , lead to practical work on heat retention , ease of pouring , [ability] , weight , etc .

Though staff and parent governors do n't serve in a shop steward capacity to relay complaints and grumbles , they should n't miss the opportunity of raising problem issues at the meetings as open discussion often provides a springboard towards a solution .
though staff and parent governors do n't serve in a shop steward [ability] to relay complaints and grumbles , they should n't miss the opportunity of raising problem issues at the meetings as open discussion often provides a springboard towards a solution .

Governor 's serve in a voluntary capacity and are unlikely to turn up at meetings if they are dull events where they are expected to contribute nothing except approval and applause .
governor 's serve in a voluntary [ability] and are unlikely to turn up at meetings if they are dull events where they are expected to contribute nothing except approval and applause .

Its initial capacity will be 2 megabits per second .
its initial [ability] will be 2 megabits per second .

But by the end of the decade Renatel is expected to reach 100 megabits per second — a capacity made possible by France 's planned switch to fibre optics throughout its telephone system by the year 2000 .
but by the end of the decade renatel is expected to reach 100 megabits per second — a [ability] made possible by france 's planned switch to fibre optics throughout its telephone system by the year 2000 .

Although she always insists , quite correctly , on the importance of social and economic aspects of medical practice , Moscucci also reveals the complexity of medical thinking , and the capacity some practitioners had for developing critical perspectives on their own procedures .
although she always insists , quite correctly , on the importance of social and economic aspects of medical practice , moscucci also reveals the complexity of medical thinking , and the [ability] some practitioners had for developing critical perspectives on their own procedures .

If this week 's launch is successful , it will double Astra 's capacity to 32 channels .
if this week 's launch is successful , it will double astra 's [ability] to 32 channels .

The building was sanctioned by Oldrado da Tresseno in his capacity as the city governor , and the city 's chief magistrate sat in the huge room on the first floor flanked by two judges who adjudicated for the civil and criminal trials .
the building was sanctioned by oldrado da tresseno in his [ability] as the city governor , and the city 's chief magistrate sat in the huge room on the first floor flanked by two judges who adjudicated for the civil and criminal trials .

Such reduction would have to be necessary because of a reduction in the school 's capacity to accommodate pupils .
such reduction would have to be necessary because of a reduction in the school 's [ability] to accommodate pupils .

The development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively , in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .
the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the [ability] to express themselves effectively , in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .

developing an increasing capacity to organise or sequence information and response ;
developing an increasing [ability] to organise or sequence information and response ;

The development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .
the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the [ability] to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .

The development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .
the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the [ability] to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .

develop the capacity to convey , when reading aloud , the meaning of the text clearly to the listener through intonation and phrasing ;
develop the [ability] to convey , when reading aloud , the meaning of the text clearly to the listener through intonation and phrasing ;

17.32 Development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing capacity to write independently and at length ; an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .
17.32 development in attainment target 3 is marked by : increasing control over the structure and organisation of different types of text ; a growing ability to handle complex or demanding subject matter ; a widening range of syntactic structures and an expanding vocabulary as the pupil begins to use language that is characteristic of writing rather than speech and to strive for a style that is appropriate to the subject matter and the readership ; a growing [ability] to write independently and at length ; an increasing proficiency in re-reading and revising or redrafting the text , taking into account the needs of the audience ; a developing ability to reflect on and talk about the writing process .

the matching of form to subject matter and readership and a growing capacity to write independently and at length ;
the matching of form to subject matter and readership and a growing [ability] to write independently and at length ;

1.8 The three profile components we recommend are as follows : • speaking and listening — with one attainment target : the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the capacity to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .
1.8 the three profile components we recommend are as follows : • speaking and listening — with one attainment target : the development of pupils ' understanding of the spoken word and the [ability] to express themselves effectively in a variety of speaking and listening activities , matching style and response to audience and purpose .

is in contrast to the behaviour of income distribution , where inequity has been but little reduced during the same periods , and which shows extreme relative rigidity and concentration in comparison with the greater equalizing capacity of the educational system .
is in contrast to the behaviour of income distribution , where inequity has been but little reduced during the same periods , and which shows extreme relative rigidity and concentration in comparison with the greater equalizing [ability] of the educational system .

She has an infinite capacity for humility and sacrifice and an abundant store of patience .
she has an infinite [ability] for humility and sacrifice and an abundant store of patience .

The institutions which had previously been set up to aid small farmers had their lending capacity cut considerably , making it difficult for many of the beneficiaries to find sufficient capital .
the institutions which had previously been set up to aid small farmers had their lending [ability] cut considerably , making it difficult for many of the beneficiaries to find sufficient capital .

Legal personality is the capacity to have rights and duties .
legal personality is the [ability] to have rights and duties .

But the sea dump was facing regular obstruction , and the Drigg site was approaching its potential capacity .
but the sea dump was facing regular obstruction , and the drigg site was approaching its potential [ability] .

In four years ’ time the world 's biggest nuclear power station — a £70 million project with a capacity of 500 megawatts will dominate the scene .
in four years ’ time the world 's biggest nuclear power station — a £70 million project with a [ability] of 500 megawatts will dominate the scene .

But in practical terms of what could be achieved in the time-scales envisaged , with new contracts due to be signed between the privatized generating and distribution companies by the end of 1989 , nuclear power was the only option for large chunks of capacity .
but in practical terms of what could be achieved in the time-scales envisaged , with new contracts due to be signed between the privatized generating and distribution companies by the end of 1989 , nuclear power was the only option for large chunks of [ability] .

Military power requires the capacity to purchase the equipment abroad and usually a measure of industrialization at home .
military power requires the [ability] to purchase the equipment abroad and usually a measure of industrialization at home .

Since the mid-nineteenth century , the content of development — creating the capacity to defend national independence — changed radically .
since the mid-nineteenth century , the content of development — creating the [ability] to defend national independence — changed radically .

The only limits to the capacity of the French Crown to tax its inhabitants was the capacity to pay ( and the means to appropriate the surplus ) ; between 1537 and 1642 , the per capita fiscal burden in France was ten times that in England .
the only limits to the [ability] of the french crown to tax its inhabitants was the [ability] to pay ( and the means to appropriate the surplus ) ; between 1537 and 1642 , the per capita fiscal burden in france was ten times that in england .

only then will the separate individuals be liberated from the various national and local barriers , be brought into practical connection with the material and intellectual product of the whole world and be put in a position to acquire the capacity to enjoy this all-sided product of the whole earth , the creations of man .
only then will the separate individuals be liberated from the various national and local barriers , be brought into practical connection with the material and intellectual product of the whole world and be put in a position to acquire the [ability] to enjoy this all-sided product of the whole earth , the creations of man .

The aim , therefore , was both to create new centres of national capitalism and to neutralize the capacity to obstruct this process of the three dominant powers of backward Europe — the Tsars , the Habsburg emperors , and the monarchs of Prussia ( the three were interlocked in the tripartite division of Poland ) .
the aim , therefore , was both to create new centres of national capitalism and to neutralize the [ability] to obstruct this process of the three dominant powers of backward europe — the tsars , the habsburg emperors , and the monarchs of prussia ( the three were interlocked in the tripartite division of poland ) .

In the same way , the capacity of the British to accelerate development vindicated their expropriation of India ( the same principle justified the French seizure of Algeria and the North American annexation of northern Mexico ) .
in the same way , the [ability] of the british to accelerate development vindicated their expropriation of india ( the same principle justified the french seizure of algeria and the north american annexation of northern mexico ) .

The rising costs of upgrading production and military forces became an increasing burden on the taxable capacity and military services of the sorely tried inhabitants .
the rising costs of upgrading production and military forces became an increasing burden on the taxable [ability] and military services of the sorely tried inhabitants .

Even with this limited aim , the strains of war severely inhibited its capacity to pursue any serious reforms .
even with this limited aim , the strains of war severely inhibited its [ability] to pursue any serious reforms .

The Ukrainian Bolsheviks tended to be restricted to the eastern Ukraine ; they were therefore limited in their capacity to combat the Rada 's position by , for example , raising revolutionary peasant demands .
the ukrainian bolsheviks tended to be restricted to the eastern ukraine ; they were therefore limited in their [ability] to combat the rada 's position by , for example , raising revolutionary peasant demands .

On summer weekends , chattering crowds of sightseers parade the narrow streets and blaring transistor radios wreck the peace ; a parking area to keep vehicles off the cobbles has been enlarged progressively to the dimensions of a football pitch and soon fills to capacity .
on summer weekends , chattering crowds of sightseers parade the narrow streets and blaring transistor radios wreck the peace ; a parking area to keep vehicles off the cobbles has been enlarged progressively to the dimensions of a football pitch and soon fills to [ability] .

Incongruities and idiosyncrasies were seen as strengths not as weaknesses , as indicators of a capacity for quiet change rather than as evidence of a tendency towards obfuscation .
incongruities and idiosyncrasies were seen as strengths not as weaknesses , as indicators of a [ability] for quiet change rather than as evidence of a tendency towards obfuscation .

Since Alladice , the Divisional Court has accepted that access by a solicitor 's clerk to a detained person may be refused if the police believe that the clerk is ‘ not capable of providing advice , whether because of his appearance , age , his mental capacity or because of the police knowledge of him ’ .
since alladice , the divisional court has accepted that access by a solicitor 's clerk to a detained person may be refused if the police believe that the clerk is ‘ not capable of providing advice , whether because of his appearance , age , his mental [ability] or because of the police knowledge of him ’ .

The police may form a view on capacity , but not , the Court insists , on quality .
the police may form a view on [ability] , but not , the court insists , on quality .

In vertebrates , there are two groups of cells that show a remarkable capacity for migration — the neural crest cells and the nerve cells .
in vertebrates , there are two groups of cells that show a remarkable [ability] for migration — the neural crest cells and the nerve cells .

Even though Driesch was wrong in assigning limitless regulative properties to the early sea-urchin embryo , he did demonstrate that the embryo had a remarkable capacity for regulation .
even though driesch was wrong in assigning limitless regulative properties to the early sea-urchin embryo , he did demonstrate that the embryo had a remarkable [ability] for regulation .

Once it is realized that signals that change cells ' behaviour do not really carry intricate information , then it can be seen that any complexity of behaviour lies in the cells ' capacity to respond rather than in complexity in the signals .
once it is realized that signals that change cells ' behaviour do not really carry intricate information , then it can be seen that any complexity of behaviour lies in the cells ' [ability] to respond rather than in complexity in the signals .

This is consistent with the early embryo showing remarkable capacity to regulate when perturbed .
this is consistent with the early embryo showing remarkable [ability] to regulate when perturbed .

Even so , the capacity for self-organizing rod-like cartilage elements is impressive .
even so , the [ability] for self-organizing rod-like cartilage elements is impressive .

The Wallingfen court in the Vale of York set an upper limit for animals on the common in 1636 which was way above the actual carrying capacity of the land .
the wallingfen court in the vale of york set an upper limit for animals on the common in 1636 which was way above the actual carrying [ability] of the land .

Catastrophic floods inundated the region in 1636 and again in 1697 , exacerbated no doubt by deliberate sabotage by the commoners , but also caused by the insufficient capacity of the new channels and by peat shrinkage .
catastrophic floods inundated the region in 1636 and again in 1697 , exacerbated no doubt by deliberate sabotage by the commoners , but also caused by the insufficient [ability] of the new channels and by peat shrinkage .

What , after a pass in Grade 1 practical electronics , is to be recorded as falling within the capacity of the child ?
what , after a pass in grade 1 practical electronics , is to be recorded as falling within the [ability] of the child ?

His capacity for innocent enjoyment ,
his [ability] for innocent enjoyment ,

There is no time limit on the patient 's capacity for physical recovery , although an experienced physiotherapist usually knows within the first few weeks of starting treatment how quick or slow a hemiplegic patient 's physical recovery is likely to be .
there is no time limit on the patient 's [ability] for physical recovery , although an experienced physiotherapist usually knows within the first few weeks of starting treatment how quick or slow a hemiplegic patient 's physical recovery is likely to be .

The capacity of the central nervous system to recover function is technically called neuroplasticity .
the [ability] of the central nervous system to recover function is technically called neuroplasticity .

You 'll notice that everything for sale has the capacity to breathe .
you 'll notice that everything for sale has the [ability] to breathe .

It is the institution on which the family is built , and in which the capacity for natural heterosexual intercourse is an essential element .
it is the institution on which the family is built , and in which the [ability] for natural heterosexual intercourse is an essential element .

Marriage , even if it does not rest for its validity on the capacity for ‘ normal heterosexual intercourse ’ , has an intrinsic quality of bisexuality .
marriage , even if it does not rest for its validity on the [ability] for ‘ normal heterosexual intercourse ’ , has an intrinsic quality of bisexuality .

Incompetence ( or incapacity ) in a child , it should be noted , depends not on age but on maturity and the capacity to understand what is involved in any decision .
incompetence ( or incapacity ) in a child , it should be noted , depends not on age but on maturity and the [ability] to understand what is involved in any decision .

Everything turns on the capacity of the patient and , just as important , who makes the final determination as to that capacity .
everything turns on the [ability] of the patient and , just as important , who makes the final determination as to that [ability] .

Goldstein nevertheless warns of the bias in therapeutic transactions towards perceiving refusals as uninformed : ‘ refusals may therefore be used as a justification for challenging the capacity of the citizen to decide what is best for himself .
goldstein nevertheless warns of the bias in therapeutic transactions towards perceiving refusals as uninformed : ‘ refusals may therefore be used as a justification for challenging the [ability] of the citizen to decide what is best for himself .

To protect each line , fuses of relevant capacity are incorporated in the positive line of the circuit before it leaves the consumer unit .
to protect each line , fuses of relevant [ability] are incorporated in the positive line of the circuit before it leaves the consumer unit .

It is certainly arguable ( and many progressive employers would agree ) that the wisest use of public money from a strictly economic point of view would be on schools , houses , and medical services , together with relevant training and measures to reduce discrimination ; in short , that the agencies which most obviously have the capacity to produce strategic planning of a business-friendly kind are precisely those which this pro-business administration wishes to bypass — central government departments , and local government , properly funded .
it is certainly arguable ( and many progressive employers would agree ) that the wisest use of public money from a strictly economic point of view would be on schools , houses , and medical services , together with relevant training and measures to reduce discrimination ; in short , that the agencies which most obviously have the [ability] to produce strategic planning of a business-friendly kind are precisely those which this pro-business administration wishes to bypass — central government departments , and local government , properly funded .

Unlimited capacity for love
unlimited [ability] for love

It is on the capacity of an institution or of a society in its political traditions and mechanisms to successfully manage protest that so much depends .
it is on the [ability] of an institution or of a society in its political traditions and mechanisms to successfully manage protest that so much depends .

For Freud , incest was not just some strange psychological quirk : the capacity , he argued , was as universal as the opportunity .
for freud , incest was not just some strange psychological quirk : the [ability] , he argued , was as universal as the opportunity .

The speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .
the speed of computers , their [ability] to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .

Carbon monoxide is a poisonous gas which , when inhaled , limits the body 's capacity to absorb oxygen .
carbon monoxide is a poisonous gas which , when inhaled , limits the body 's [ability] to absorb oxygen .

Although arguments continue to rage over the effects of nitrogen on health , once digested through food or water it is suspected of having links with blue baby syndrome by reducing the oxygen -carrying capacity of the blood , and cancers of the stomach and oesophagus .
although arguments continue to rage over the effects of nitrogen on health , once digested through food or water it is suspected of having links with blue baby syndrome by reducing the oxygen -carrying [ability] of the blood , and cancers of the stomach and oesophagus .

This year over 200,000 people will die from heart disease ; that 's Wembley stadium filled to capacity four times over !
this year over 200,000 people will die from heart disease ; that 's wembley stadium filled to [ability] four times over !

It marks the end of her periods and her capacity to bear children .
it marks the end of her periods and her [ability] to bear children .

An essential ingredient is a capacity to rely trustingly on others when occasion demands , and to know on whom it is appropriate to rely .
an essential ingredient is a [ability] to rely trustingly on others when occasion demands , and to know on whom it is appropriate to rely .

Throughout life , a capacity to play , to symbolize , and to have access to the world of fantasy can assist people to come to terms with life .
throughout life , a [ability] to play , to symbolize , and to have access to the world of fantasy can assist people to come to terms with life .

In coming to terms with conflicting feelings about the relationship between their parents , and being helped to do so , children assimilate the capacity to manage other relationships in which they are not the centre of attention and from which they may be excluded .
in coming to terms with conflicting feelings about the relationship between their parents , and being helped to do so , children assimilate the [ability] to manage other relationships in which they are not the centre of attention and from which they may be excluded .

There is immense variation between people in their ability to handle their feelings , and in the capacity of one person to handle different types of feeling .
there is immense variation between people in their ability to handle their feelings , and in the [ability] of one person to handle different types of feeling .

Although everyone has the innate capacity to love and to enjoy another 's happiness as well as their own , and to get themselves loved and their happiness enjoyed by others , not everyone can risk the experience in adult life .
although everyone has the innate [ability] to love and to enjoy another 's happiness as well as their own , and to get themselves loved and their happiness enjoyed by others , not everyone can risk the experience in adult life .

The realization of the capacity depends on the earliest blueprints and the infant 's experiences of mutuality , giving and receiving or , sadly , its absence .
the realization of the [ability] depends on the earliest blueprints and the infant 's experiences of mutuality , giving and receiving or , sadly , its absence .

If she withholds beyond their as yet limited capacity for tolerance , their continuing rage seeks only to destroy what is in her .
if she withholds beyond their as yet limited [ability] for tolerance , their continuing rage seeks only to destroy what is in her .

Usually it is the husband who is committed to his career and to increasing his earning capacity , and who is dependent upon his wife for most if not all of the child care and domestic responsibilities , organization , routine , style and comfort .
usually it is the husband who is committed to his career and to increasing his earning [ability] , and who is dependent upon his wife for most if not all of the child care and domestic responsibilities , organization , routine , style and comfort .

Some violence is , of course , sheer unadulterated sadism with an accompanying orgiastic delight in hurting and remember that we all have a sadistic capacity and there are not many people so out of touch with the darker , deeper aspects of their human nature that they have never indulged a sadistic fantasy .
some violence is , of course , sheer unadulterated sadism with an accompanying orgiastic delight in hurting and remember that we all have a sadistic [ability] and there are not many people so out of touch with the darker , deeper aspects of their human nature that they have never indulged a sadistic fantasy .

Unijet aims to increase greatly capacity across all its programmes in 1992 .
unijet aims to increase greatly [ability] across all its programmes in 1992 .

Winton duly threw himself into the muddled affairs of the British Committee for Refugees from Czechoslovakia , a group of diverse personalities whose good intentions far outstretched their capacity to offer constructive help .
winton duly threw himself into the muddled affairs of the british committee for refugees from czechoslovakia , a group of diverse personalities whose good intentions far outstretched their [ability] to offer constructive help .

Opposition came from the Treasury ministers who objected to a handout of a cool million as a near sacrilegious attack on the principle of sound finance , and from the Foreign Secretary who had no faith at all in the capacity of the Evian Committee to agree on joint action .
opposition came from the treasury ministers who objected to a handout of a cool million as a near sacrilegious attack on the principle of sound finance , and from the foreign secretary who had no faith at all in the [ability] of the evian committee to agree on joint action .

It was hard enough for Fred Dunston in his capacity as treasurer to decide on priorities for what little money was to spare .
it was hard enough for fred dunston in his [ability] as treasurer to decide on priorities for what little money was to spare .

From 1940 they were joined by thousands of refugees who were keen to serve in some capacity , however lowly , and equally keen to escape internment .
from 1940 they were joined by thousands of refugees who were keen to serve in some [ability] , however lowly , and equally keen to escape internment .

When buying a baby seat check its weight , capacity and whether it has an integral harness and quick-release buckle .
when buying a baby seat check its weight , [ability] and whether it has an integral harness and quick-release buckle .

Loading shopping baskets to the full , they had experience of capacity .
loading shopping baskets to the full , they had experience of [ability] .

Children will begin to see that the same amount of water will fill containers that appear to be of different capacity .
children will begin to see that the same amount of water will fill containers that appear to be of different [ability] .

Buckets and other containers can lead to comparisons of size , shape , capacity and full/empty .
buckets and other containers can lead to comparisons of size , shape , [ability] and full/empty .

Buckets and other containers lead to comparisons of size , shape , colour and capacity .
buckets and other containers lead to comparisons of size , shape , colour and [ability] .

Eros love is the capacity to celebrate a relationship .
eros love is the [ability] to celebrate a relationship .

It was becoming increasingly clear to the Prussians that they would have great difficulty in making their eastern possessions a financial success : the only way to make the eastern marches profitable was to exploit the poor natural resources to the limit and develop industrial capacity .
it was becoming increasingly clear to the prussians that they would have great difficulty in making their eastern possessions a financial success : the only way to make the eastern marches profitable was to exploit the poor natural resources to the limit and develop industrial [ability] .

In the months that followed the Allies stripped Germany of all its overseas possessions and colonies , 13 per cent of its territory in Europe , 10 per cent of its population , 75 per cent of its iron-ore deposits , 45 per cent of its coal fields , 10 per cent of its industrial capacity , 44 per cent of its pig-iron facilities , 38 per cent of its steel facilities , 72 per cent of its zinc sources , and 12 per cent of its farmlands .
in the months that followed the allies stripped germany of all its overseas possessions and colonies , 13 per cent of its territory in europe , 10 per cent of its population , 75 per cent of its iron-ore deposits , 45 per cent of its coal fields , 10 per cent of its industrial [ability] , 44 per cent of its pig-iron facilities , 38 per cent of its steel facilities , 72 per cent of its zinc sources , and 12 per cent of its farmlands .

He had been born with a photographic memory and an unlimited store for knowledge , and the capacity to gather and keep information on any subject under the sun .
he had been born with a photographic memory and an unlimited store for knowledge , and the [ability] to gather and keep information on any subject under the sun .

She visited the client , and through an informal conversation obtained as much information as she could about his or her mental state , behavioural problems , self-care capacity , and home care situation .
she visited the client , and through an informal conversation obtained as much information as she could about his or her mental state , behavioural problems , self-care [ability] , and home care situation .

; whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry , sadness , loneliness than those in the control samples ; whether the project helped people to maintain their capacity to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living ; and finally whether it succeeded in obtaining more of other community services for its clients than were obtained by those in the control sample ( eg more home help , meals-on-wheels , day care , home nursing , and so on ) .
; whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry , sadness , loneliness than those in the control samples ; whether the project helped people to maintain their [ability] to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living ; and finally whether it succeeded in obtaining more of other community services for its clients than were obtained by those in the control sample ( eg more home help , meals-on-wheels , day care , home nursing , and so on ) .

This section will ask whether the Home Support Project had any effect upon mental and emotional state , capacity to cope with daily living tasks , and receipt of other community services .
this section will ask whether the home support project had any effect upon mental and emotional state , [ability] to cope with daily living tasks , and receipt of other community services .

In this part of the interview the respondents were asked to perform a variety of tests so that the interviewers could observe their capacity to cope with some of the tasks usually needed for people to live independently .
in this part of the interview the respondents were asked to perform a variety of tests so that the interviewers could observe their [ability] to cope with some of the tasks usually needed for people to live independently .

With the application of these conditions it is possible to conclude that when operating at capacity , in Ipswich the project saved £432 per week in institutional costs ( or £22,464 per annum ) and in Newham £460 per week ( or £23,920 per annum ) .
with the application of these conditions it is possible to conclude that when operating at [ability] , in ipswich the project saved £432 per week in institutional costs ( or £22,464 per annum ) and in newham £460 per week ( or £23,920 per annum ) .

However the total annual cost of the project at that time , extrapolating from the months when it was operating at capacity to produce a cost for a 12-month period , would have been £42,000 in Newham and £25,680 in Ipswich ( excluding the cost of the research ) ; see Table 6.6 .
however the total annual cost of the project at that time , extrapolating from the months when it was operating at [ability] to produce a cost for a 12-month period , would have been £42,000 in newham and £25,680 in ipswich ( excluding the cost of the research ) ; see table 6.6 .

It was especially popular in the show-ring and by 1850 two types had developed : smaller , delicate lightweights bred for their pretty appearance , and larger , productive dairy cows bred for practical milking capacity .
it was especially popular in the show-ring and by 1850 two types had developed : smaller , delicate lightweights bred for their pretty appearance , and larger , productive dairy cows bred for practical milking [ability] .

Though less fat today , it remains massive in build and has retained enough of its original milking capacity to make an excellent suckler cow , with high conception and calving rates , and a hardiness and placidity that make management a pleasure .
though less fat today , it remains massive in build and has retained enough of its original milking [ability] to make an excellent suckler cow , with high conception and calving rates , and a hardiness and placidity that make management a pleasure .

It was quite a small type , rarely weighing as much as 320kg , with short , thin legs , a proportionately large body , ridged backbone , big-bellied ( the Red Poll still has a good rumen capacity for digesting quantities of low-grade roughage ) , rather plain and very lean , with a thin ‘ snake ’ head , always polled , and a large baggy udder with prominent milk veins .
it was quite a small type , rarely weighing as much as 320kg , with short , thin legs , a proportionately large body , ridged backbone , big-bellied ( the red poll still has a good rumen [ability] for digesting quantities of low-grade roughage ) , rather plain and very lean , with a thin ‘ snake ’ head , always polled , and a large baggy udder with prominent milk veins .

By the 1980s they were achieving 400-day weights of more than 500kg with bulls , 375kg with steers and 320kg with heifers and the Lincoln Red is now Britain 's largest traditional beef breed with a capacity for rapid live-weight gains and early maturity .
by the 1980s they were achieving 400-day weights of more than 500kg with bulls , 375kg with steers and 320kg with heifers and the lincoln red is now britain 's largest traditional beef breed with a [ability] for rapid live-weight gains and early maturity .

It is sometimes still bred as a dual-purpose animal , giving milk as well as meat , and in that capacity is often used as a suckler , but it is now essentially a beef breed .
it is sometimes still bred as a dual-purpose animal , giving milk as well as meat , and in that [ability] is often used as a suckler , but it is now essentially a beef breed .

The capacity in mls is usually imprinted into the glass at the base of the bottle .
the [ability] in mls is usually imprinted into the glass at the base of the bottle .

Recommended shot capacity is usually wrong ; a consequence of mass production .
recommended shot [ability] is usually wrong ; a consequence of mass production .

If there was recognition that older people have the capacity but are not given the opportunity for participation and decision-making in , for example , the way residential care and nursing homes are run , then a lot of things would have to change .
if there was recognition that older people have the [ability] but are not given the opportunity for participation and decision-making in , for example , the way residential care and nursing homes are run , then a lot of things would have to change .

Third , a new disability employment credit for people of working age will serve to recognise a partial capacity for employment .
third , a new disability employment credit for people of working age will serve to recognise a partial [ability] for employment .

It would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .
it would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment [ability] was reduced partially by disability .

Part of the problem that older people face when looking for employment is that advancing age is popularly associated with a declining capacity to work .
part of the problem that older people face when looking for employment is that advancing age is popularly associated with a declining [ability] to work .

15.2 ) , dryness can increase our longing for water and emptiness our capacity for God .
15.2 ) , dryness can increase our longing for water and emptiness our [ability] for god .

Chainreaction ( as the Herald reported last week ) would be moving into the newly built extension , the cottage was being completely renovated and the centre was being used to nearly 90 percent of capacity .
chainreaction ( as the herald reported last week ) would be moving into the newly built extension , the cottage was being completely renovated and the centre was being used to nearly 90 percent of [ability] .

The ‘ superb ’ yoga group , who met on Thursday evenings , had some spare capacity still and attracted people from a wide area .
the ‘ superb ’ yoga group , who met on thursday evenings , had some spare [ability] still and attracted people from a wide area .

But the very thoroughness with which British industry had been converted to war work , the degree to which overseas investment had been sold to pay for the war effort , and the war-weariness accumulated over six years of privation created a twin dilemma : public expectations of a better post-war world had increased in reverse proportion to the capacity of the British economy to finance it .
but the very thoroughness with which british industry had been converted to war work , the degree to which overseas investment had been sold to pay for the war effort , and the war-weariness accumulated over six years of privation created a twin dilemma : public expectations of a better post-war world had increased in reverse proportion to the [ability] of the british economy to finance it .

The Town wanted to avoid selling players and could not lightly disregard the opportunity of securing bigger receipts from a capacity crowd at Newcastle .
the town wanted to avoid selling players and could not lightly disregard the opportunity of securing bigger receipts from a [ability] crowd at newcastle .

In his showmanlike way , Chapman wanted Highbury to become the greatest club ground in the world , a new kind of football mecca , with a big crowd capacity and as futuristic in design as the new West Stand , built at his suggestion to replace the old wooden stand erected in 1913 .
in his showmanlike way , chapman wanted highbury to become the greatest club ground in the world , a new kind of football mecca , with a big crowd [ability] and as futuristic in design as the new west stand , built at his suggestion to replace the old wooden stand erected in 1913 .

Buckland 's early paper on this subject pointed out that the Librarian 's capacity to determine official loan periods gives him ‘ a powerful and precise device for influencing the availability of books in his library ’ .
buckland 's early paper on this subject pointed out that the librarian 's [ability] to determine official loan periods gives him ‘ a powerful and precise device for influencing the availability of books in his library ’ .

The shelf stock for each interest category is calculated by expressing its loan component percentage as a percentage of the total open shelf capacity of the library .
the shelf stock for each interest category is calculated by expressing its loan component percentage as a percentage of the total open shelf [ability] of the library .

Following the 1972 introduction of double-deckers in regular service to Fleetwood , with double the capacity of the single-deckers , the headway dropped to 12 minutes .
following the 1972 introduction of double-deckers in regular service to fleetwood , with double the [ability] of the single-deckers , the headway dropped to 12 minutes .

Above : South Shore terminus with four Dreadnoughts in line abreast , demonstrating their legendary capacity to absorb crowds . During the winter season , they proved invaluable for football specials !
above : south shore terminus with four dreadnoughts in line abreast , demonstrating their legendary [ability] to absorb crowds . during the winter season , they proved invaluable for football specials !

motors were fitted , and air-brakes improved the stopping capacity .
motors were fitted , and air-brakes improved the stopping [ability] .

This was rebuilt with a large single-indicator box at each end , and fitted with bench seats upstairs to increase the capacity to 94 .
this was rebuilt with a large single-indicator box at each end , and fitted with bench seats upstairs to increase the [ability] to 94 .

The money raised by the medieval trustees responsible for the upkeep of the bridge was surplus to requirements , and enabled the bridge to become a landowner , in which capacity it has helped the poor of the town and built and maintained the old grammar school .
the money raised by the medieval trustees responsible for the upkeep of the bridge was surplus to requirements , and enabled the bridge to become a landowner , in which [ability] it has helped the poor of the town and built and maintained the old grammar school .

country carrier , a ‘ lumbering , slow , honest ’ fellow and devoted husband of the much younger Mary ( called Dot ) , who is very domesticated but has also a capacity for managing other people 's affairs ; to wit , those of Edward Plummer and May Fielding , who , but for Dot 's secret intervention , would have married the disagreeable Tackleton .
country carrier , a ‘ lumbering , slow , honest ’ fellow and devoted husband of the much younger mary ( called dot ) , who is very domesticated but has also a [ability] for managing other people 's affairs ; to wit , those of edward plummer and may fielding , who , but for dot 's secret intervention , would have married the disagreeable tackleton .

‘ a very long boy , with a very little head , and an open mouth of disproportionate capacity ’ , devotedly attached to Betty Higden who has rescued him from the workhouse in which he has been brought up , having been a foundling child .
‘ a very long boy , with a very little head , and an open mouth of disproportionate [ability] ’ , devotedly attached to betty higden who has rescued him from the workhouse in which he has been brought up , having been a foundling child .

when you have a man … in a managerial capacity , there is a greater obligation on the employer to take preliminary steps to bring to the manager 's notice that he , the employer , is contemplating a possible dismissal .
when you have a man … in a managerial [ability] , there is a greater obligation on the employer to take preliminary steps to bring to the manager 's notice that he , the employer , is contemplating a possible dismissal .

It need not be exactly the same work but must be of the same nature and capacity and at the same place .
it need not be exactly the same work but must be of the same nature and [ability] and at the same place .

Another method would be to look at the Automobile Association 's figures on the cost of running a motor car of that engine capacity or at the cost of hiring such a car .
another method would be to look at the automobile association 's figures on the cost of running a motor car of that engine [ability] or at the cost of hiring such a car .

When Thomas De Quincey visited Poole in 1807 , he found a ‘ stout plain-looking farmer ’ , and discovered only later that beyond the plain exterior , the proudly-maintained West Country accent , and the abrupt manner was a man of wide culture and fervently liberal viewpoint , and one who , like Coleridge himself , possessed a remarkable capacity for making friends .
when thomas de quincey visited poole in 1807 , he found a ‘ stout plain-looking farmer ’ , and discovered only later that beyond the plain exterior , the proudly-maintained west country accent , and the abrupt manner was a man of wide culture and fervently liberal viewpoint , and one who , like coleridge himself , possessed a remarkable [ability] for making friends .

The microfilament system provides the contractile capacity for the release reaction seen in activated platelets ( Adelstein & Pollard , 1978 ) .
the microfilament system provides the contractile [ability] for the release reaction seen in activated platelets ( adelstein & pollard , 1978 ) .

Some effects of inversion on the gas generating capacity of Carboniferous sediments
some effects of inversion on the gas generating [ability] of carboniferous sediments

the effects of reburial after inversion on the gas-generative capacity of the formations .
the effects of reburial after inversion on the gas-generative [ability] of the formations .

The increase in hydrocarbon-generating capacity is clearly seen in the reconstructed cumulative hydrocarbon yield ( Fig .
the increase in hydrocarbon-generating [ability] is clearly seen in the reconstructed cumulative hydrocarbon yield ( fig .

In sum : the classical law of trusts had already lost the advantage of capacity , but it retained the advantages of being bound to neither testamentary heir , nor form , nor formulary procedure .
in sum : the classical law of trusts had already lost the advantage of [ability] , but it retained the advantages of being bound to neither testamentary heir , nor form , nor formulary procedure .

Of course the two regimes , of legacy and trust , were assimilated to each other in certain relatively minor respects ; but Gaius was still able in the mid-second century to state that there were many differences between legacies and trusts ( multum autem differunt ) , and this was after the rules on capacity had finally been brought into line by Hadrian .
of course the two regimes , of legacy and trust , were assimilated to each other in certain relatively minor respects ; but gaius was still able in the mid-second century to state that there were many differences between legacies and trusts ( multum autem differunt ) , and this was after the rules on [ability] had finally been brought into line by hadrian .

The capacity of the Hapsburgs ' men for self-deception never ceased to surprise him .
the [ability] of the hapsburgs ' men for self-deception never ceased to surprise him .

It is actually a very good performance of the piece , so it is possible to conclude that Ravel was present only in an advisory capacity , if at all .
it is actually a very good performance of the piece , so it is possible to conclude that ravel was present only in an advisory [ability] , if at all .

Idea the participant observer is virtually a spy , since to be accepted completely in a particular capacity within a group the observer should be thought of as actually being in nothing but that capacity .
idea the participant observer is virtually a spy , since to be accepted completely in a particular [ability] within a group the observer should be thought of as actually being in nothing but that [ability] .

Experiences , mood and environment can also change the personality of an unborn child , just as the moods and attitudes of one person can affect someone else , purely by that person 's presence . We all have the capacity to feel and how much more would an unborn child feel in its internal world , within its mother 's body ? just consider how you would feel if you were locked up in a room with someone in a state of fear , anxiety , anger or grief for nine months !
experiences , mood and environment can also change the personality of an unborn child , just as the moods and attitudes of one person can affect someone else , purely by that person 's presence . we all have the [ability] to feel and how much more would an unborn child feel in its internal world , within its mother 's body ? just consider how you would feel if you were locked up in a room with someone in a state of fear , anxiety , anger or grief for nine months !

At this point , where we have little or no capacity left to discriminate , we become almost unable to feel anything , whether good or bad .
at this point , where we have little or no [ability] left to discriminate , we become almost unable to feel anything , whether good or bad .

We must be tolerant of others who do not have our gifts or drive as each of us can only perform to the extent of our own personal capacity .
we must be tolerant of others who do not have our gifts or drive as each of us can only perform to the extent of our own personal [ability] .

The missing 90 per cent is where the left-hand brain thinkers would not dream of looking for it — it lies in our capacity to create pictures , to visualize .
the missing 90 per cent is where the left-hand brain thinkers would not dream of looking for it — it lies in our [ability] to create pictures , to visualize .

It is accepted that what separates us from the other creatures sharing our planet is our capacity to think .
it is accepted that what separates us from the other creatures sharing our planet is our [ability] to think .

Martin and Deidre Bobgan believe that a baby or foetus has no capacity to record and store information .
martin and deidre bobgan believe that a baby or foetus has no [ability] to record and store information .

The officer , Mr. Matthews , who lived in St. Ann 's Street , was a keen member of the Local Amateur Dramatic Society and visited schools in another capacity — that of conjuror — an art in which he excelled .
the officer , mr. matthews , who lived in st. ann 's street , was a keen member of the local amateur dramatic society and visited schools in another [ability] — that of conjuror — an art in which he excelled .

The overhead cranes , of 15 tons capacity each , run the full length of the shop .
the overhead cranes , of 15 tons [ability] each , run the full length of the shop .

The construction programme for carriages was suspended , ( except for three Royal vehicles completed in 1941 ) but , during the first seven or eight months , workshop capacity was not fully utilised .
the construction programme for carriages was suspended , ( except for three royal vehicles completed in 1941 ) but , during the first seven or eight months , workshop [ability] was not fully utilised .

Its aim , outlined at its first meeting on 17 December 1940 , was ‘ to agree on the Railway Shops and how much reserve capacity could be allowed to the various Supply Departments .
its aim , outlined at its first meeting on 17 december 1940 , was ‘ to agree on the railway shops and how much reserve [ability] could be allowed to the various supply departments .

The machining capacity at Wolverton was heavily engaged in the early days of production , not only on its own work , but in assisting to relieve bottle neck in other firms ' production and much light and heavy machining was undertaken , as was Iron and Brass founding and forging of gun parts for ordnance factories .
the machining [ability] at wolverton was heavily engaged in the early days of production , not only on its own work , but in assisting to relieve bottle neck in other firms ' production and much light and heavy machining was undertaken , as was iron and brass founding and forging of gun parts for ordnance factories .

‘ Is the Priest at Home ’ was Tomelty 's most popular play , attracting capacity audiences for months after its opening .
‘ is the priest at home ’ was tomelty 's most popular play , attracting [ability] audiences for months after its opening .

He or she may — and probably will — possess a more subtle view of ‘ professionalism ’ than the capacity to deliver examination results , but at the same time it is well known that many parents and politicians see those results as the crucial way by which schools account for their success or failure .
he or she may — and probably will — possess a more subtle view of ‘ professionalism ’ than the [ability] to deliver examination results , but at the same time it is well known that many parents and politicians see those results as the crucial way by which schools account for their success or failure .

Moreover , even the definition ‘ equal opportunity ’ without qualification is insufficient : it could be equal opportunity to fail or succeed according to their innate capacity and backgrounds .
moreover , even the definition ‘ equal opportunity ’ without qualification is insufficient : it could be equal opportunity to fail or succeed according to their innate [ability] and backgrounds .

Greater pressure on staff time significantly reduces our capacity .
greater pressure on staff time significantly reduces our [ability] .

The public are respectfully informed , that the Committee appointed by the Odiham Agriculture Society to consider the best method of improving the Art commonly called Farriery , have , in pursuance of that design , and feeling themselves unable to act with due energy and effect in the capacity of a Committee , found it expedient to detach themselves from that respectable Society , and to erect themselves into the present form .
the public are respectfully informed , that the committee appointed by the odiham agriculture society to consider the best method of improving the art commonly called farriery , have , in pursuance of that design , and feeling themselves unable to act with due energy and effect in the [ability] of a committee , found it expedient to detach themselves from that respectable society , and to erect themselves into the present form .

By commission dated 21 September 1796 Coleman became Principal Veterinary Surgeon to the cavalry , and was also appointed veterinary surgeon to the artillery in a civil capacity , holding these posts until his death .
by commission dated 21 september 1796 coleman became principal veterinary surgeon to the cavalry , and was also appointed veterinary surgeon to the artillery in a civil [ability] , holding these posts until his death .

The North of England has the capacity to pull itself out of such a mire , and surely wants the chance to exert its muscle to do so .
the north of england has the [ability] to pull itself out of such a mire , and surely wants the chance to exert its muscle to do so .

It has been recognised that without sufficient processing capacity a potentially serious waste problem could arise .
it has been recognised that without sufficient processing [ability] a potentially serious waste problem could arise .

Condition : ‘ The types and quantities of waste accepted at the site shall not exceed the limits of its operational and storage capacity ’ .
condition : ‘ the types and quantities of waste accepted at the site shall not exceed the limits of its operational and storage [ability] ’ .

When the adsorbent becomes saturated with odour molecules its adsorptive capacity is greatly reduced and it becomes necessary to regenerate the adsorbent , usually by treatment with superheated steam .
when the adsorbent becomes saturated with odour molecules its adsorptive [ability] is greatly reduced and it becomes necessary to regenerate the adsorbent , usually by treatment with superheated steam .

Open enrolment provisions , which remove the limits some LEAs had previously put on schools in their area , demand that all maintained schools accept pupils up to the limit of their physical capacity .
open enrolment provisions , which remove the limits some leas had previously put on schools in their area , demand that all maintained schools accept pupils up to the limit of their physical [ability] .

Governors should recognise their power to co-opt on to their working groups , in a non-voting capacity , any member of the local community who could offer specific expertise and skills which they may be lacking .
governors should recognise their power to co-opt on to their working groups , in a non-voting [ability] , any member of the local community who could offer specific expertise and skills which they may be lacking .

Joint ventures and restructuring agreements with capacity reduction for industries in crisis
joint ventures and restructuring agreements with [ability] reduction for industries in crisis

It may , for example , be a defence to a charge of abusive dominance to establish that a market position is a result of advanced technical know-how or research and development capacity or marketing and advertising advantages which command consumer loyalty , and not the result of foreclosure of the relevant market .
it may , for example , be a defence to a charge of abusive dominance to establish that a market position is a result of advanced technical know-how or research and development [ability] or marketing and advertising advantages which command consumer loyalty , and not the result of foreclosure of the relevant market .

In a climate of stronger demand for air transport capacity the number of new aircraft entering service grows rapidly .
in a climate of stronger demand for air transport [ability] the number of new aircraft entering service grows rapidly .

Operating schedules inevitably put pressure on aircraft down time and because aircraft manufacturers are operating to maximum capacity producing new aircraft , spare parts may also become difficult to obtain particularly for the more mature aircraft types .
operating schedules inevitably put pressure on aircraft down time and because aircraft manufacturers are operating to maximum [ability] producing new aircraft , spare parts may also become difficult to obtain particularly for the more mature aircraft types .

Only on the last part of his journey had he put his mind to questions of waxed cloth and canvas , cubic capacity and rates of exchange .
only on the last part of his journey had he put his mind to questions of waxed cloth and canvas , cubic [ability] and rates of exchange .

The Garden may be closed at short notice once its daily capacity is reached , but visitors are welcome to visit the Oast House exhibition , woodland walks , restaurant & shop .
the garden may be closed at short notice once its daily [ability] is reached , but visitors are welcome to visit the oast house exhibition , woodland walks , restaurant & shop .

Mortgage loans should be made only to people who have the capacity to repay them .
mortgage loans should be made only to people who have the [ability] to repay them .

There are few universities where crèches are not at or above full capacity , and without new thinking or new money , the situation is unlikely to change much .
there are few universities where crèches are not at or above full [ability] , and without new thinking or new money , the situation is unlikely to change much .

What they each gained separately was a greater individual confidence and capacity for self-determination as women , and each of them fed that confidence back into a variety of struggles to change the position of women , and in the case of the majority of women in that particular group , to a struggle for some kind of socialism .
what they each gained separately was a greater individual confidence and [ability] for self-determination as women , and each of them fed that confidence back into a variety of struggles to change the position of women , and in the case of the majority of women in that particular group , to a struggle for some kind of socialism .

It 's a good sign if he has loved someone a lot , it shows that he has a capacity for love .
it 's a good sign if he has loved someone a lot , it shows that he has a [ability] for love .

We all vary in our capacity to synthesise cholesterol and in the speed at which we break it down .
we all vary in our [ability] to synthesise cholesterol and in the speed at which we break it down .

Because of its low thermal capacity , large amounts must be used , which creates a problem of noise .
because of its low thermal [ability] , large amounts must be used , which creates a problem of noise .

Our existence would lack even an Adamic fig leaf of meaning if we ignored our capacity to glide over our past , coalescing and juxtaposing our memories , irrespective of their temporal spatial or circumstantial labels .
our existence would lack even an adamic fig leaf of meaning if we ignored our [ability] to glide over our past , coalescing and juxtaposing our memories , irrespective of their temporal spatial or circumstantial labels .

Light can travel in only one mode , enhancing the capacity of the fibre to carry data .
light can travel in only one mode , enhancing the [ability] of the fibre to carry data .

For Galton intelligence was a unitary , global mental capacity ; for Binet it was merely the average of a number of independent , disparate abilities .
for galton intelligence was a unitary , global mental [ability] ; for binet it was merely the average of a number of independent , disparate abilities .

This species is the main alternative to spruce in much of the Uplands but has a much reduced capacity to take up sulphur compounds than any forest when assessed on the basis of weight per unit area .
this species is the main alternative to spruce in much of the uplands but has a much reduced [ability] to take up sulphur compounds than any forest when assessed on the basis of weight per unit area .

It says the O-bahn , which beat a light rail alternative on cost , will not have the capacity or the convenience of a tram and is certainly more expensive ’ .
it says the o-bahn , which beat a light rail alternative on cost , will not have the [ability] or the convenience of a tram and is certainly more expensive ’ .

How good does this ‘ Statement of Case ’ look ? The board uses three main arguments : the requirement for future capacity ; the need to minimise system costs ; and the achievement of diversity in fuel supplies .
how good does this ‘ statement of case ’ look ? the board uses three main arguments : the requirement for future [ability] ; the need to minimise system costs ; and the achievement of diversity in fuel supplies .

It is now virtually certain that France will have a nuclear generating capacity of the order of 55 to 60 GWe by 1990 .
it is now virtually certain that france will have a nuclear generating [ability] of the order of 55 to 60 gwe by 1990 .

The financial effort the nation has been called on to make is a very large one , especially since the cost of construction per kW of nuclear capacity is about 25 per cent higher than the cost per kW of coal-fired capacity .
the financial effort the nation has been called on to make is a very large one , especially since the cost of construction per kw of nuclear [ability] is about 25 per cent higher than the cost per kw of coal-fired [ability] .

This policy has many advantages : It makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; Thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; Construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-MWe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; And finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces maintenance problems .
this policy has many advantages : it makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved [ability] ; thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-mwe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; and finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces maintenance problems .

If you were looking for a physico-chemical reason for this fact rather than the , more usual , historical one you could do worse than suggest a capacity to make helical molecules .
if you were looking for a physico-chemical reason for this fact rather than the , more usual , historical one you could do worse than suggest a [ability] to make helical molecules .

There may be a million or so people in the land who have the capacity to turn their hands to anything that 's going without feeling frustrated , or rebellious , or losing self-respect .
there may be a million or so people in the land who have the [ability] to turn their hands to anything that 's going without feeling frustrated , or rebellious , or losing self-respect .

The international academics said , ‘ There is a real risk that scholarship and learning will suffer from capacity investigations ’ .
the international academics said , ‘ there is a real risk that scholarship and learning will suffer from [ability] investigations ’ .

The capacity rules are just part of a now long list of rules and regulations that surround university life , and make extra demands on the time and freedom of academics .
the [ability] rules are just part of a now long list of rules and regulations that surround university life , and make extra demands on the time and freedom of academics .

The powerful hydrogen bonding capacity of fluoride , discussed by John Emsley , has been known for some time , but its potential for interfering with the vitally important hydrogen bonds between biomolecules has only recently begun to receive attention .
the powerful hydrogen bonding [ability] of fluoride , discussed by john emsley , has been known for some time , but its potential for interfering with the vitally important hydrogen bonds between biomolecules has only recently begun to receive attention .

In most people the right side of the brain has little or no verbal capacity but is slightly more important than the left for spatial ability .
in most people the right side of the brain has little or no verbal [ability] but is slightly more important than the left for spatial ability .

He goes on to argue that as the right side of the brain has no language capacity , the knowledge it acquires can not be put into words : this may explain the failure of his attempts to do so .
he goes on to argue that as the right side of the brain has no language [ability] , the knowledge it acquires can not be put into words : this may explain the failure of his attempts to do so .

Corrosion of these tubes has occurred regularly inside American PWRs , leading to an average loss of generating capacity of 3 per cent .
corrosion of these tubes has occurred regularly inside american pwrs , leading to an average loss of generating [ability] of 3 per cent .

But the carriages will be able to operate in trains , giving a theoretical maximum capacity of up to 30 000 passengers per hour , with 120-metre long trains .
but the carriages will be able to operate in trains , giving a theoretical maximum [ability] of up to 30 000 passengers per hour , with 120-metre long trains .

This gives the Flydaway a maximum capacity about the working capacity of an underground line .
this gives the flydaway a maximum [ability] about the working [ability] of an underground line .

On this basis alone the islands have clearly exceeded their carrying capacity , the more so when it is realised that almost all the food imports are in the form of foreign aid .
on this basis alone the islands have clearly exceeded their carrying [ability] , the more so when it is realised that almost all the food imports are in the form of foreign aid .

Next year this capacity will double , as will the spacing of repeater stations , to 60 km .
next year this [ability] will double , as will the spacing of repeater stations , to 60 km .

He reads voraciously , with a target of 60 books a year ( though he admits he wo n't reach that in 1983 ) , and he has a squirrel-like capacity for collecting new ideas and facts .
he reads voraciously , with a target of 60 books a year ( though he admits he wo n't reach that in 1983 ) , and he has a squirrel-like [ability] for collecting new ideas and facts .

Thus , the development of the angiosperm flora of the Palaeocene was paralleled by an extensive radiation of specialised herbivorous mammals with the capacity to ferment and break down tough plant material .
thus , the development of the angiosperm flora of the palaeocene was paralleled by an extensive radiation of specialised herbivorous mammals with the [ability] to ferment and break down tough plant material .

Jejeunoileostomy has now been largely replaced by a simpler and safer operation in which the capacity of the stomach is considerably reduced by placing a row of surgical staples across it .
jejeunoileostomy has now been largely replaced by a simpler and safer operation in which the [ability] of the stomach is considerably reduced by placing a row of surgical staples across it .

It is certainly not as good as capacity factors as an indication of the value for money the owner gets from the plant : each kilowatt hour the reactor produces helps to pay off the capital invested in the power station .
it is certainly not as good as [ability] factors as an indication of the value for money the owner gets from the plant : each kilowatt hour the reactor produces helps to pay off the capital invested in the power station .

Computing capacity in the world is roughly doubling ( in number and power ) every year , and the Third World will not be immune from this growth .
computing [ability] in the world is roughly doubling ( in number and power ) every year , and the third world will not be immune from this growth .

The project entails building three dams across the Mahaweli river near Kandy ; a further dam downstream ; power stations to triple Sri Lanka 's generating capacity , the irrigation of 120 hectares of new land and the resettling of 1½ million people .
the project entails building three dams across the mahaweli river near kandy ; a further dam downstream ; power stations to triple sri lanka 's generating [ability] , the irrigation of 120 hectares of new land and the resettling of 1½ million people .

The capacity of platelet receptor sites to bind yohimbine is known to vary with levels of the sex hormones oestrogen and progesterone .
the [ability] of platelet receptor sites to bind yohimbine is known to vary with levels of the sex hormones oestrogen and progesterone .

In the long term , load management could lessen the need for new power stations , as generating capacity must be tailored to the peak , not the average , demand .
in the long term , load management could lessen the need for new power stations , as generating [ability] must be tailored to the peak , not the average , demand .

We asked Ruby whether the same was true for Australopithecus tanzaniensis , whether they actually had speech or only the capacity to be taught speech .
we asked ruby whether the same was true for australopithecus tanzaniensis , whether they actually had speech or only the [ability] to be taught speech .

In particular ( and his present position seems to indicate Gale 's earlier predilections and his fitness for the task ) , he examines Charles 's worldwide correspondence , his ability to charm others into working for him , his capacity for synthesising from others ' data and conclusions .
in particular ( and his present position seems to indicate gale 's earlier predilections and his fitness for the task ) , he examines charles 's worldwide correspondence , his ability to charm others into working for him , his [ability] for synthesising from others ' data and conclusions .

The introduction of abstract concepts into Social Studies and sometimes into Science syllabuses at a very early stage presupposes a level of cognitive development which Piagetian research would suggest to be beyond the average capacity of Swiss children .
the introduction of abstract concepts into social studies and sometimes into science syllabuses at a very early stage presupposes a level of cognitive development which piagetian research would suggest to be beyond the average [ability] of swiss children .

The first of these is when the teacher is asked to do a manageable job , where he is working within his intellectual capacity and has that confidence which proceeds from really knowing more about what he is teaching than the children do .
the first of these is when the teacher is asked to do a manageable job , where he is working within his intellectual [ability] and has that confidence which proceeds from really knowing more about what he is teaching than the children do .

It is defined in terms of wages/salaries , number of perks , capacity for initiative , amount and nature of skills involved , security and the community esteem which might come from obtaining such jobs .
it is defined in terms of wages/salaries , number of perks , [ability] for initiative , amount and nature of skills involved , security and the community esteem which might come from obtaining such jobs .

Their initial closure decision was made on three grounds , according to the minutes : the expected financial savings of about £3,000 ; consideration of the good condition and underused capacity of the school building at Green Haven , as opposed to the poor condition of the older building at Village ( whose toilet facilities were located in an out-building at the school ) ; and the Director 's feeling that the ‘ educational situation ’ would be better at Green Haven .
their initial closure decision was made on three grounds , according to the minutes : the expected financial savings of about £3,000 ; consideration of the good condition and underused [ability] of the school building at green haven , as opposed to the poor condition of the older building at village ( whose toilet facilities were located in an out-building at the school ) ; and the director 's feeling that the ‘ educational situation ’ would be better at green haven .

The greater the openness of the boundary , the greater the potential capacity to negotiate across it ; the greater the number of open boundaries , the greater the potential power available to the social actors to promote a dialectical relation with the outside world , to actively influence the processes , policies and events that touch their lives Conversely , the fewer open boundaries there are perceived to be and the more closed , the more powerlessness and passivity is likely to be manifest in relation to the outside world .
the greater the openness of the boundary , the greater the potential [ability] to negotiate across it ; the greater the number of open boundaries , the greater the potential power available to the social actors to promote a dialectical relation with the outside world , to actively influence the processes , policies and events that touch their lives conversely , the fewer open boundaries there are perceived to be and the more closed , the more powerlessness and passivity is likely to be manifest in relation to the outside world .

The sale ring was packed far beyond its proper capacity and still hundreds crowded outside the doors .
the sale ring was packed far beyond its proper [ability] and still hundreds crowded outside the doors .

This capacity for creating beautiful things developed in the human race is a product of evolution combined with civilisation in the manner suggested in the chapter on The Created God .
this [ability] for creating beautiful things developed in the human race is a product of evolution combined with civilisation in the manner suggested in the chapter on the created god .

Just how much they obtain there from is known only to themselves , but this could well be a final act born of an inextinguishable instinctive knowledge that there is somewhere a source of power available to the individual whereby he can supplement his capacity to face a fading future , or any other of life 's unwelcome experiences , at least with less apprehension , if not with absolute serenity .
just how much they obtain there from is known only to themselves , but this could well be a final act born of an inextinguishable instinctive knowledge that there is somewhere a source of power available to the individual whereby he can supplement his [ability] to face a fading future , or any other of life 's unwelcome experiences , at least with less apprehension , if not with absolute serenity .

This blind adherence to ancient beliefs dating from times when all nature was a mystery and man 's efforts to penetrate the enigma of his beginnings quite beyond his mental capacity , is even more difficult to understand when viewed in the light of his advances along all other frontiers of knowledge .
this blind adherence to ancient beliefs dating from times when all nature was a mystery and man 's efforts to penetrate the enigma of his beginnings quite beyond his mental [ability] , is even more difficult to understand when viewed in the light of his advances along all other frontiers of knowledge .

As a result , it has never convincingly been able to counter the criticisms , which inevitably arose , when commonplace human capacity to apply intelligent questioning to proffered articles of faith , had become widespread and powerful enough to prevail above all dogma and superstition .
as a result , it has never convincingly been able to counter the criticisms , which inevitably arose , when commonplace human [ability] to apply intelligent questioning to proffered articles of faith , had become widespread and powerful enough to prevail above all dogma and superstition .

Nearly all the foregoing are in some measure examples of transgressions against the laws of the country , and subject to punishment , but are rife mainly because the forces of law and order are stretched beyond capacity , and do not get the help they should from that all-important first line of defence against evil , the constraints of the individual conscience .
nearly all the foregoing are in some measure examples of transgressions against the laws of the country , and subject to punishment , but are rife mainly because the forces of law and order are stretched beyond [ability] , and do not get the help they should from that all-important first line of defence against evil , the constraints of the individual conscience .

It is of no consequence once it is accepted that the God to serve humanity originated at the moment that life first became manifest , and combined with the material of the universe to start the long process of producing living creatures with the capacity to enjoy life and all that that involves .
it is of no consequence once it is accepted that the god to serve humanity originated at the moment that life first became manifest , and combined with the material of the universe to start the long process of producing living creatures with the [ability] to enjoy life and all that that involves .

The meaning of ‘ the capacity to enjoy life ’ within the Alternative Religion will be enlarged upon in the final chapter of this book .
the meaning of ‘ the [ability] to enjoy life ’ within the alternative religion will be enlarged upon in the final chapter of this book .

To ensure that this is so it must be agreed that it is regarded as being beyond the capacity of the individual to alter , that is , it has to become ‘ sacred ’ , or enshrined in a ‘ god ’ .
to ensure that this is so it must be agreed that it is regarded as being beyond the [ability] of the individual to alter , that is , it has to become ‘ sacred ’ , or enshrined in a ‘ god ’ .

This came into being when the very first change in the first cell took place , and that change , which was the first biochemical action , ultimately proved to have been , or must be acknowledged to have been , taken to initiate the process which would continue indefinitely to produce a living being with an ever-increasing capacity to enjoy life .
this came into being when the very first change in the first cell took place , and that change , which was the first biochemical action , ultimately proved to have been , or must be acknowledged to have been , taken to initiate the process which would continue indefinitely to produce a living being with an ever-increasing [ability] to enjoy life .

The assumption that the primitive cell experienced ‘ desire ’ is not as absurd as at first it might appear to be , for there is no reason why the magnitude of the capacity of all living creatures to experience pain and pleasure , in any form , should not be considered measurable into hypothetical units .
the assumption that the primitive cell experienced ‘ desire ’ is not as absurd as at first it might appear to be , for there is no reason why the magnitude of the [ability] of all living creatures to experience pain and pleasure , in any form , should not be considered measurable into hypothetical units .

These units could then be regarded as repeatedly subdivisible to the point that the final dimension is so minute that it stands in the same relation to the highest human capacity for feeling as does the single cell to the supreme achievement of cellular development , which is the physical human being .
these units could then be regarded as repeatedly subdivisible to the point that the final dimension is so minute that it stands in the same relation to the highest human [ability] for feeling as does the single cell to the supreme achievement of cellular development , which is the physical human being .

This capacity to enjoy beauty could have had its origin in the elaborate effects of association between , to quote just one possibility , the peace and beauty of a woodland retreat , and the relief to be felt in being there after suffering , for example , the pain of a lost battle .
this [ability] to enjoy beauty could have had its origin in the elaborate effects of association between , to quote just one possibility , the peace and beauty of a woodland retreat , and the relief to be felt in being there after suffering , for example , the pain of a lost battle .

Hence , the human race would carry a residual capacity to experience the sensation which attracts the remote forebears of , a bee or butterfly for example , to the colourful flower .
hence , the human race would carry a residual [ability] to experience the sensation which attracts the remote forebears of , a bee or butterfly for example , to the colourful flower .

This is one example illustrating the hypothesis that , because of his inheritance of the capacity to experience the sensations of all life , man has acquired an appreciation of colourful things from evolutionary sources , this example being but a part of it .
this is one example illustrating the hypothesis that , because of his inheritance of the [ability] to experience the sensations of all life , man has acquired an appreciation of colourful things from evolutionary sources , this example being but a part of it .

Such control was obviously necessary if he were to develop within himself the capacity to enjoy the vastly increased range of pleasures that could be derived from his expanding emotions .
such control was obviously necessary if he were to develop within himself the [ability] to enjoy the vastly increased range of pleasures that could be derived from his expanding emotions .

The human being has within it the physical and mental capacity to do this , and must accept that there is no alternative way for it to be done .
the human being has within it the physical and mental [ability] to do this , and must accept that there is no alternative way for it to be done .

But all this only makes the capacity to travel the more striking when we meet it .
but all this only makes the [ability] to travel the more striking when we meet it .

Even allowing that man 's capacity to overlook what he does not want to see is almost unlimited , the folk of this age can hardly have failed to observe that new law was being made all the time .
even allowing that man 's [ability] to overlook what he does not want to see is almost unlimited , the folk of this age can hardly have failed to observe that new law was being made all the time .

It seems inevitable that redundancies will occur in the ports near the Tunnel as companies shed surplus capacity in an effort to improve productivity .
it seems inevitable that redundancies will occur in the ports near the tunnel as companies shed surplus [ability] in an effort to improve productivity .

In January 1989 the Civil Aviation Authority 's study of the long term options for the use of airspace and airports in the South East painted a gloomy picture of increasing airport delays and flight cancellations in the absence of more runway capacity .
in january 1989 the civil aviation authority 's study of the long term options for the use of airspace and airports in the south east painted a gloomy picture of increasing airport delays and flight cancellations in the absence of more runway [ability] .

In the early stages of the Channel Tunnel project British Rail believed that the existing rail network in the South East could cope with any extra traffic after 1993 despite the fact that a report to Kent County Council in 1985 stated that ‘ the rail lines to London are already very heavily used and have little spare capacity ’ .
in the early stages of the channel tunnel project british rail believed that the existing rail network in the south east could cope with any extra traffic after 1993 despite the fact that a report to kent county council in 1985 stated that ‘ the rail lines to london are already very heavily used and have little spare [ability] ’ .

Some surveyors may find such a loss of direct involvement personally unacceptable , particularly if not trained for the new role , but the growth rate of a firm is probably dictated more by the partners ' ability to manage the organisation than by their own capacity for surveying work .
some surveyors may find such a loss of direct involvement personally unacceptable , particularly if not trained for the new role , but the growth rate of a firm is probably dictated more by the partners ' ability to manage the organisation than by their own [ability] for surveying work .

These non-critical elements can be either spread throughout the time-scale or tackled when spare capacity is available .
these non-critical elements can be either spread throughout the time-scale or tackled when spare [ability] is available .

The object is fully to recover estimated overheads at a normal level of activity measured by the total productive capacity of the firm .
the object is fully to recover estimated overheads at a normal level of activity measured by the total productive [ability] of the firm .

The relationship between overheads and this basic productive capacity is usually expressed as a percentage uplift on the hourly rate ( r ) referred to earlier .
the relationship between overheads and this basic productive [ability] is usually expressed as a percentage uplift on the hourly rate ( r ) referred to earlier .

In particular , as outlined below , one area of potential dissension and difficulty in the modern small private company is the very fact that some of the relevant legal rules and remedies are based on being able to distinguish the capacity in which a particular individual may be acting at a given time .
in particular , as outlined below , one area of potential dissension and difficulty in the modern small private company is the very fact that some of the relevant legal rules and remedies are based on being able to distinguish the [ability] in which a particular individual may be acting at a given time .

In whatever capacity the surveyor is appointed , he should understand first his role as defined by his conditions of engagement agreed with his client and , secondly , his specific role as laid down within the building contract being used .
in whatever [ability] the surveyor is appointed , he should understand first his role as defined by his conditions of engagement agreed with his client and , secondly , his specific role as laid down within the building contract being used .

Whilst it is true that , in the main , the replacement of fixed capital is usually accompanied by an increased production capacity because of advances in technology , we do not have to take this into account when dealing with the basic theory of the cycle .
whilst it is true that , in the main , the replacement of fixed capital is usually accompanied by an increased production [ability] because of advances in technology , we do not have to take this into account when dealing with the basic theory of the cycle .

The fact that such increased production capacity is the result of replacement is of no immediate consequence , since that capacity may not be used fully in the initial production period .
the fact that such increased production [ability] is the result of replacement is of no immediate consequence , since that [ability] may not be used fully in the initial production period .

The mere replacement of productive capacity means in reality , however , that during a depression there will be an increase in the demand for consumer goods .
the mere replacement of productive [ability] means in reality , however , that during a depression there will be an increase in the demand for consumer goods .

This means that for the boom to continue it would be necessary to undertake capacity increasing investment , that is , increase the stock of fixed capital .
this means that for the boom to continue it would be necessary to undertake [ability] increasing investment , that is , increase the stock of fixed capital .

The first possibility is that such an increase in productive capacity is not undertaken .
the first possibility is that such an increase in productive [ability] is not undertaken .

Let us assume that as a result of the increased prices obtained for consumer goods , there is induced an increase in capacity in Dept .
let us assume that as a result of the increased prices obtained for consumer goods , there is induced an increase in [ability] in dept .

The reason for this is that as soon as the opportunities for investing in fixed capital begins to diminish — mainly because the capacity for producing consumer goods has been substantially expanded — any further growth in the production of consumer goods would reduce their price , and — cet .
the reason for this is that as soon as the opportunities for investing in fixed capital begins to diminish — mainly because the [ability] for producing consumer goods has been substantially expanded — any further growth in the production of consumer goods would reduce their price , and — cet .

At the same time , because of the expansion of capacity in Dept .
at the same time , because of the expansion of [ability] in dept .

By the law of primitive socialist accumulation we mean the entire sum of conscious and semi-spontaneous tendencies in the state economy which are directed towards the expansion and consolidation of the collective organisation of labour in Soviet economy and which are dictated to the Soviet state on the basis of necessity : ( 1 ) the determination of proportions in the distribution of productive forces , formed on the basis of struggle against the law of value inside and outside the country and having as their objective task the achievement of the optimum expanded socialist reproduction in the given conditions and of the maximum defensive capacity of the whole system in conflict with capitalist commodity production ; ( 2 ) the determination of the proportions of accumulation of material resources for expanded reproduction , especially at the expense of private economy , in so far as the determined amounts of the accumulation are dictated compulsorily to the Soviet state under threat of economic disproportion , growth of private capital , weakening of the bond between the state economy and peasant production , derangement in years to come of the necessary proportions of expanded socialist reproduction and weakening of the whole system in its conflict with capitalist commodity production inside and outside the country .
by the law of primitive socialist accumulation we mean the entire sum of conscious and semi-spontaneous tendencies in the state economy which are directed towards the expansion and consolidation of the collective organisation of labour in soviet economy and which are dictated to the soviet state on the basis of necessity : ( 1 ) the determination of proportions in the distribution of productive forces , formed on the basis of struggle against the law of value inside and outside the country and having as their objective task the achievement of the optimum expanded socialist reproduction in the given conditions and of the maximum defensive [ability] of the whole system in conflict with capitalist commodity production ; ( 2 ) the determination of the proportions of accumulation of material resources for expanded reproduction , especially at the expense of private economy , in so far as the determined amounts of the accumulation are dictated compulsorily to the soviet state under threat of economic disproportion , growth of private capital , weakening of the bond between the state economy and peasant production , derangement in years to come of the necessary proportions of expanded socialist reproduction and weakening of the whole system in its conflict with capitalist commodity production inside and outside the country .

The 1927 Congress decisions reflected the changed situation , since by that date industry had reached its 1913 levels of output and there loomed ahead the need to expand industrial capacity plus the renewal of much worn-out industrial plant .
the 1927 congress decisions reflected the changed situation , since by that date industry had reached its 1913 levels of output and there loomed ahead the need to expand industrial [ability] plus the renewal of much worn-out industrial plant .

Within the confines of capitalism three fundamental models of these relations can be distinguished : the first is that of the most backward semi-feudal agricultural economy with its pauper peasants , rack-rents , ruthless exploitation of the peasantry and the weak capacity of the home market .
within the confines of capitalism three fundamental models of these relations can be distinguished : the first is that of the most backward semi-feudal agricultural economy with its pauper peasants , rack-rents , ruthless exploitation of the peasantry and the weak [ability] of the home market .

The second type : considerably fewer relics of serfdom , the landowner has to a considerable extent already become a capitalist , the peasants are better off and the peasant market has a greater capacity , etc .
the second type : considerably fewer relics of serfdom , the landowner has to a considerable extent already become a capitalist , the peasants are better off and the peasant market has a greater [ability] , etc .

Collectivisation destroyed about 25 per cent of the production capacity of Soviet agriculture .
collectivisation destroyed about 25 per cent of the production [ability] of soviet agriculture .

From the Ulster Knoxes , she tells us , they inherited a capacity for hard work , academic brilliance , faith and endurance ; from the Knoxes ' wives , tenderness and a taste for beauty and enjoyment .
from the ulster knoxes , she tells us , they inherited a [ability] for hard work , academic brilliance , faith and endurance ; from the knoxes ' wives , tenderness and a taste for beauty and enjoyment .

His parents fully understood his difficulties and raised no objections when he said that he wanted to live in the poorest part of South-East London for a year , to study conditions and work in a lay capacity amongst the people .
his parents fully understood his difficulties and raised no objections when he said that he wanted to live in the poorest part of south-east london for a year , to study conditions and work in a lay [ability] amongst the people .

Sally had a great capacity for love and a down-to-earth quality that Harriet presumed was a throw-back to her early upbringing and which had been honed and tested in the fire when she had given birth to — and kept — an illegitimate son in the days when illegitimacy was still a scandal .
sally had a great [ability] for love and a down-to-earth quality that harriet presumed was a throw-back to her early upbringing and which had been honed and tested in the fire when she had given birth to — and kept — an illegitimate son in the days when illegitimacy was still a scandal .

The stadium was packed beyond capacity ; in every nook and cranny people crammed together , standing four deep on the walkways and filling the steps between the seats .
the stadium was packed beyond [ability] ; in every nook and cranny people crammed together , standing four deep on the walkways and filling the steps between the seats .

There was a highly enthusiastic capacity crowd .
there was a highly enthusiastic [ability] crowd .

But the irony is that a human being , with all his potential capacity for understanding , is actually so cut off from his fellow humans that a plant sometimes has better perceptions at the subtle level than he has !
but the irony is that a human being , with all his potential [ability] for understanding , is actually so cut off from his fellow humans that a plant sometimes has better perceptions at the subtle level than he has !

He is born with that instinct , for no mother wasp ever taught him , nor does he possess the capacity to learn something so fundamental to his existence .
he is born with that instinct , for no mother wasp ever taught him , nor does he possess the [ability] to learn something so fundamental to his existence .

The less the capacity to learn and consider , the greater is the habit instinctive .
the less the [ability] to learn and consider , the greater is the habit instinctive .

Learning is no doubt present , and the higher the consciousness of the creature , the broader the tattvic tapestry , then the greater is the capacity for learning .
learning is no doubt present , and the higher the consciousness of the creature , the broader the tattvic tapestry , then the greater is the [ability] for learning .

That all living creatures possess a capacity to learn is apparent from the way they find their way around an environment .
that all living creatures possess a [ability] to learn is apparent from the way they find their way around an environment .

Human trainers of all species appreciate the differing capacity of creatures to respond to training and sometimes to perform antics which they would never perform in the wild , though these are never completely outside their basic behavioural repertoire .
human trainers of all species appreciate the differing [ability] of creatures to respond to training and sometimes to perform antics which they would never perform in the wild , though these are never completely outside their basic behavioural repertoire .

Creatures , therefore , are not disconnected from each other , though only fellow members of a species appear to possess the capacity for the fullest understanding of each other .
creatures , therefore , are not disconnected from each other , though only fellow members of a species appear to possess the [ability] for the fullest understanding of each other .

Insects , for example , do not teach their offspring , though wherever there is the ability to move about , there is still a capacity for learning details of the immediate environment .
insects , for example , do not teach their offspring , though wherever there is the ability to move about , there is still a [ability] for learning details of the immediate environment .

Considering the deeper aspects of being alive , one notices , too , that the higher the consciousness , then the greater is the capacity for both love and the awareness of other creatures as living entities .
considering the deeper aspects of being alive , one notices , too , that the higher the consciousness , then the greater is the [ability] for both love and the awareness of other creatures as living entities .

Therefore , the less this inner consciousness or Life Force is hemmed in by an instinctive mind structure , then the greater is the capacity for caring feeling and the more an offspring is capable of learning .
therefore , the less this inner consciousness or life force is hemmed in by an instinctive mind structure , then the greater is the [ability] for caring feeling and the more an offspring is capable of learning .

The capacity for learning , the need for tuition and the mental ability of the parents to care are thus all automatically manifested in synchrony .
the [ability] for learning , the need for tuition and the mental ability of the parents to care are thus all automatically manifested in synchrony .

So , like other aspects of behaviour , while the basic capacity for its own particular language is built into the mind structure with which a creature is born , a certain degree of learning ability is inherently possessed by all living creatures .
so , like other aspects of behaviour , while the basic [ability] for its own particular language is built into the mind structure with which a creature is born , a certain degree of learning ability is inherently possessed by all living creatures .

The more complete the tattvic configuration , then the greater the capacity for learning .
the more complete the tattvic configuration , then the greater the [ability] for learning .

The capacity to learn and respond is an essential aspect of life 's natural expression .
the [ability] to learn and respond is an essential aspect of life 's natural expression .

The less the intelligence of a creature , the more instinctive are the behavioural patterns programmed into it and the less it possesses the capacity to learn from experience .
the less the intelligence of a creature , the more instinctive are the behavioural patterns programmed into it and the less it possesses the [ability] to learn from experience .

Perhaps then , since we know of long-term biological cycles such as these , there are other cycles hidden in nature , beyond the span of single lifetimes , that include the intrinsic ability of living creatures to adapt to environmental conditions presently absent from our planet . Indeed , does every creature , given the constraints of a changing environment — plus the biological loosening of periodic Sat yugas — have the capacity to change ?
perhaps then , since we know of long-term biological cycles such as these , there are other cycles hidden in nature , beyond the span of single lifetimes , that include the intrinsic ability of living creatures to adapt to environmental conditions presently absent from our planet . indeed , does every creature , given the constraints of a changing environment — plus the biological loosening of periodic sat yugas — have the [ability] to change ?

The axolotl , the tadpole of the South American tiger salamander , is famous in the zoology textbooks for breaking with tradition and possessing the capacity to reproduce sexually while still retaining its aquatic larval form , including its external gills .
the axolotl , the tadpole of the south american tiger salamander , is famous in the zoology textbooks for breaking with tradition and possessing the [ability] to reproduce sexually while still retaining its aquatic larval form , including its external gills .

So if species have a capacity for adaptation to small-scale environmental change built in , could there not be other potential changes hidden within the mosaic of form and function , both subtle and dense , we call a species ? Changes which may not manifest even for millennia , until circumstances warrant it ?
so if species have a [ability] for adaptation to small-scale environmental change built in , could there not be other potential changes hidden within the mosaic of form and function , both subtle and dense , we call a species ? changes which may not manifest even for millennia , until circumstances warrant it ?

The purchase increases its distilling capacity by a third , to 3.5 million litres a year .
the purchase increases its distilling [ability] by a third , to 3.5 million litres a year .

Even then , he says , older , poorer-quality space may still be empty — which gives cause to wonder about all the spare capacity in Docklands .
even then , he says , older , poorer-quality space may still be empty — which gives cause to wonder about all the spare [ability] in docklands .

Nutrasweet markets a dairy protein-based fat substitute called Simpless , though Shaw is confident Ruby will outshine it and is installing production capacity apace .
nutrasweet markets a dairy protein-based fat substitute called simpless , though shaw is confident ruby will outshine it and is installing production [ability] apace .

The ring main will cut electricity bills by £5 million a year and reduce reservoir capacity requirements by a quarter .
the ring main will cut electricity bills by £5 million a year and reduce reservoir [ability] requirements by a quarter .

Thames is not saying exactly how much the system will save it , but it will cut electricity bills alone by about £5 million a year and reduce reservoir capacity requirements by a quarter .
thames is not saying exactly how much the system will save it , but it will cut electricity bills alone by about £5 million a year and reduce reservoir [ability] requirements by a quarter .

There is a crash programme to enlarge the terminal , but Tegel is in the urban area , and its capacity is never likely to exceed nine million .
there is a crash programme to enlarge the terminal , but tegel is in the urban area , and its [ability] is never likely to exceed nine million .

At Schönefeld , east Berlin 's airport , on the fringe of the city , the plan is to raise annual capacity of 2.5 million passengers to 5.5 million next year , at a cost of Dm300 million .
at schönefeld , east berlin 's airport , on the fringe of the city , the plan is to raise annual [ability] of 2.5 million passengers to 5.5 million next year , at a cost of dm300 million .

It is also possible that some small babies have insufficient lactase to cope with very large feeds — they can digest small feeds , but if their morning feed is larger than usual , the extra lactose overwhelms their capacity to cope with it .
it is also possible that some small babies have insufficient lactase to cope with very large feeds — they can digest small feeds , but if their morning feed is larger than usual , the extra lactose overwhelms their [ability] to cope with it .

Any spare capacity would deal only with local waste — a policy that Du Pont believes is ‘ aligned with the clearly expressed views or responsible political and community leaders ’ .
any spare [ability] would deal only with local waste — a policy that du pont believes is ‘ aligned with the clearly expressed views or responsible political and community leaders ’ .

The absorption capacity of the sorbent was often in excess of the specified 2.8 litres/metre length .
the absorption [ability] of the sorbent was often in excess of the specified 2.8 litres/metre length .

As in other areas of materials science , the capacity of biological systems to manufacture materials with good properties is attracting attention .
as in other areas of materials science , the [ability] of biological systems to manufacture materials with good properties is attracting attention .

These Homes were used to accommodate boarders at the school , and their destruction severely hampered the School 's capacity after the war .
these homes were used to accommodate boarders at the school , and their destruction severely hampered the school 's [ability] after the war .

Members ' primary duty when acting in the capacity of librarian is to their clients , i.e .
members ' primary duty when acting in the [ability] of librarian is to their clients , i.e .

The Diamond , the largest hall in the University with a seating capacity of over 1,500 , is a popular venue for major choral and orchestral works and has a splendid organ which is used regularly for major recitals .
the diamond , the largest hall in the university with a seating [ability] of over 1,500 , is a popular venue for major choral and orchestral works and has a splendid organ which is used regularly for major recitals .

Design , analysis and product development of novel structural composites and materials ; Numerical and experimental studies of sandwich panels , cambered slabs and woven polypropylene cementitious composites ; Applications of software tools to structural analysis and design ; Hydraulics of open channel flow ; Experimental , in situ and numerical studies of flow resistance in channels with floodplains ; Highway engineering materials and construction methods ; Laboratory and in situ assessments of the performance of highway engineering aggregates and binders ; Assessment of highway construction materials at source , during production and construction processes and under working environments ; Geotechnics , laboratory and numerical assessment of bearing capacity of soils under curricular footings , enhancement of soil properties using man-made additives .
design , analysis and product development of novel structural composites and materials ; numerical and experimental studies of sandwich panels , cambered slabs and woven polypropylene cementitious composites ; applications of software tools to structural analysis and design ; hydraulics of open channel flow ; experimental , in situ and numerical studies of flow resistance in channels with floodplains ; highway engineering materials and construction methods ; laboratory and in situ assessments of the performance of highway engineering aggregates and binders ; assessment of highway construction materials at source , during production and construction processes and under working environments ; geotechnics , laboratory and numerical assessment of bearing [ability] of soils under curricular footings , enhancement of soil properties using man-made additives .

The Diamond , the largest hall in the University with a seating capacity of over 1,500 , is a popular venue for major choral and orchestral works and has a splendid organ which is used regularly for major recitals .
the diamond , the largest hall in the university with a seating [ability] of over 1,500 , is a popular venue for major choral and orchestral works and has a splendid organ which is used regularly for major recitals .

Opportunities are also available for those who wish to pursue higher diplomas and degrees in a full-time or part-time capacity .
opportunities are also available for those who wish to pursue higher diplomas and degrees in a full-time or part-time [ability] .

Graduates of this course will acquire such expertise , together with the capacity to communicate across cultural and linguistic boundaries .
graduates of this course will acquire such expertise , together with the [ability] to communicate across cultural and linguistic boundaries .

Careers in computing are for people with common sense , the ability to think clearly and logically , the capacity to adapt readily to change , and the skill to communicate and work closely with others .
careers in computing are for people with common sense , the ability to think clearly and logically , the [ability] to adapt readily to change , and the skill to communicate and work closely with others .

He carried on presenting dancers in an amateur capacity , but it was an activity that was taking up more time than he could afford .
he carried on presenting dancers in an amateur [ability] , but it was an activity that was taking up more time than he could afford .

It is also available for conferences and other presentations requiring a seating capacity of up to 600 .
it is also available for conferences and other presentations requiring a seating [ability] of up to 600 .

They attend many conferences on user education in the capacity of chairmen or speakers or frequently as exhibitors of user education teaching material .
they attend many conferences on user education in the [ability] of chairmen or speakers or frequently as exhibitors of user education teaching material .

This may help to increase the bladder 's capacity .
this may help to increase the bladder 's [ability] .

The capacity of the young worker for rational , thoughtful , and informed actions was brought into question by the new identity that was bestowed upon the transition process .
the [ability] of the young worker for rational , thoughtful , and informed actions was brought into question by the new identity that was bestowed upon the transition process .

It sifts the workers according to their capacity of skilfully watchful service .
it sifts the workers according to their [ability] of skilfully watchful service .

Of even greater importance , however , the concept united and ordered so many different facets in observable behaviour of the young and claimed to provide such insight and understanding of their physiology and psychology , in particular the significance of ‘ instincts ’ , ‘ emotions ’ , and ‘ habits ’ , that everything about them , including their wage-earning capacity , could be made knowable and manageable .
of even greater importance , however , the concept united and ordered so many different facets in observable behaviour of the young and claimed to provide such insight and understanding of their physiology and psychology , in particular the significance of ‘ instincts ’ , ‘ emotions ’ , and ‘ habits ’ , that everything about them , including their wage-earning [ability] , could be made knowable and manageable .

Thirdly , a government through its central bank ( or monetary authority ) not only controls the supply of notes and coin but can also instruct banks to curtail their lending and thus their deposit or money creation capacity .
thirdly , a government through its central bank ( or monetary authority ) not only controls the supply of notes and coin but can also instruct banks to curtail their lending and thus their deposit or money creation [ability] .

Spare capacity on such equipment can be hired out to bank customers , e.g .
spare [ability] on such equipment can be hired out to bank customers , e.g .

As previously noted , banks can increase the total volume of spending in the economy by their credit-creating capacity while non-bank financial institutions can merely borrow and lend funds which have been already created within the banking system .
as previously noted , banks can increase the total volume of spending in the economy by their credit-creating [ability] while non-bank financial institutions can merely borrow and lend funds which have been already created within the banking system .

Economic history/development over the last two hundred years has resulted in 90 per cent of the world 's manufacturing capacity being situated in the North , thus enabling it to control world trade , investment and financial resources .
economic history/development over the last two hundred years has resulted in 90 per cent of the world 's manufacturing [ability] being situated in the north , thus enabling it to control world trade , investment and financial resources .

Many energy-intensive industries had to reduce their productive capacity , e.g .
many energy-intensive industries had to reduce their productive [ability] , e.g .

The South accounts for approximately 10 per cent of world manufacturing capacity at present , and the Report 's objective was to raise this to 25 per cent by the year 2000 .
the south accounts for approximately 10 per cent of world manufacturing [ability] at present , and the report 's objective was to raise this to 25 per cent by the year 2000 .

The virtues of instruments as against human memory are simply their greater capacity for preserving indefinitely a huge mass of detail .
the virtues of instruments as against human memory are simply their greater [ability] for preserving indefinitely a huge mass of detail .

The first relates to the capacity of the teacher training colleges adequately to supervise their scattered students .
the first relates to the [ability] of the teacher training colleges adequately to supervise their scattered students .

We should not forget our animal origins or our brain 's capacity to malfunction or the hidden potential of the unconscious mind .
we should not forget our animal origins or our brain 's [ability] to malfunction or the hidden potential of the unconscious mind .

Sadly , it was not only their wilder impulses that were sternly checked but , all too often , ( as clinical psychologist Allan Fromme puts it ) , their ‘ creative imagination , curiosity , intellectual expressiveness , and capacity for enjoyment ’ .
sadly , it was not only their wilder impulses that were sternly checked but , all too often , ( as clinical psychologist allan fromme puts it ) , their ‘ creative imagination , curiosity , intellectual expressiveness , and [ability] for enjoyment ’ .

When she is egocentric , you can point out the injustices , cruelties and thoughtlessness which arise from her limited capacity to feel for others .
when she is egocentric , you can point out the injustices , cruelties and thoughtlessness which arise from her limited [ability] to feel for others .

The large brown tent was about 300 feet in length , with a seating capacity of some 750 , and they called the travelling performances Chatauqua .
the large brown tent was about 300 feet in length , with a seating [ability] of some 750 , and they called the travelling performances chatauqua .

Young children demonstrate this : their ability to concentrate entirely on what they are doing , admittedly for short periods of time , to the exclusion of everything else , gives them a particular capacity for enjoyment .
young children demonstrate this : their ability to concentrate entirely on what they are doing , admittedly for short periods of time , to the exclusion of everything else , gives them a particular [ability] for enjoyment .

After droughts first began in 1969 , the Sahel zone , already one of high risk , became a famine zone as crop yields declined and the remaining vegetation was depleted by overgrazing as carrying capacity was exceeded .
after droughts first began in 1969 , the sahel zone , already one of high risk , became a famine zone as crop yields declined and the remaining vegetation was depleted by overgrazing as carrying [ability] was exceeded .

On the other hand , loss of soil fertility after forest clearance and the invasion of weeds can result in a rapid decline in the carrying capacity of these ranches .
on the other hand , loss of soil fertility after forest clearance and the invasion of weeds can result in a rapid decline in the carrying [ability] of these ranches .

This may occur at the exposed soil surface as raindrops selectively erode fine clay particles , leaving heavier sand particles : with time this process can affect deeper parts of the soil profile , impairing its water-retaining capacity to such an extent that even after agriculture has been abandoned the forest may be unable to recolonise .
this may occur at the exposed soil surface as raindrops selectively erode fine clay particles , leaving heavier sand particles : with time this process can affect deeper parts of the soil profile , impairing its water-retaining [ability] to such an extent that even after agriculture has been abandoned the forest may be unable to recolonise .

( 1986 ) , relatively low and thus the carrying capacity is limited .
( 1986 ) , relatively low and thus the carrying [ability] is limited .

Road and reservoir construction and mining all contribute to increased sediment yields , as well as deforestation and overgrazing , leading to losses in reservoir capacity of up to 60 per cent .
road and reservoir construction and mining all contribute to increased sediment yields , as well as deforestation and overgrazing , leading to losses in reservoir [ability] of up to 60 per cent .

The practice of slash and burn shifting cultivation , along with intensive mixed cropping , is causing accelerated soil erosion and , as the moisture-retaining capacity of the soil is impaired , the incidence of flooding is increasing .
the practice of slash and burn shifting cultivation , along with intensive mixed cropping , is causing accelerated soil erosion and , as the moisture-retaining [ability] of the soil is impaired , the incidence of flooding is increasing .

In contrast , exploitation tends to involve the rapid diminution of resources , often to such an extent that the capacity for renewal is destroyed and optimum returns are short-lived .
in contrast , exploitation tends to involve the rapid diminution of resources , often to such an extent that the [ability] for renewal is destroyed and optimum returns are short-lived .

Already there are sawmills that can not operate at full capacity because of wood shortages .
already there are sawmills that can not operate at full [ability] because of wood shortages .

More cruise ships have been registered , aircraft capacity has grown and traffic in small locally operated tourist boats and private yachts has increased .
more cruise ships have been registered , aircraft [ability] has grown and traffic in small locally operated tourist boats and private yachts has increased .

For example , it is possible to exploit the capacity that many plants have for asexual or vegetative reproduction to produce stocks from cuttings .
for example , it is possible to exploit the [ability] that many plants have for asexual or vegetative reproduction to produce stocks from cuttings .

Ironically , Gallacher 's capacity for tragedy did not leave him for long ; at the end of the game he was told his sister-in-law had died in Scotland , and as the tartan army led a ragtime jazz-band through the streets of London , Hughie Gallacher was on his way to the funeral .
ironically , gallacher 's [ability] for tragedy did not leave him for long ; at the end of the game he was told his sister-in-law had died in scotland , and as the tartan army led a ragtime jazz-band through the streets of london , hughie gallacher was on his way to the funeral .

Marinello never had Best 's capacity for drink nor did he share his good fortune when it came to choosing clubs .
marinello never had best 's [ability] for drink nor did he share his good fortune when it came to choosing clubs .

Scotland 's capacity for World Cup disaster began in earnest in 1954 .
scotland 's [ability] for world cup disaster began in earnest in 1954 .

‘ The professionalism in the Italian league is unbeatable , ’ he once claimed , doubting that Scotland has the cultural capacity to compete .
‘ the professionalism in the italian league is unbeatable , ’ he once claimed , doubting that scotland has the cultural [ability] to compete .

With the ground packed to capacity and the home team needing a valuable point to avoid relegation , Dundee played to win , eventually dismantling Saints and sending them into the Second Division .
with the ground packed to [ability] and the home team needing a valuable point to avoid relegation , dundee played to win , eventually dismantling saints and sending them into the second division .

It was in his capacity as a sales manager with Timex that McMurdo first acquired the taste for the agent 's life .
it was in his [ability] as a sales manager with timex that mcmurdo first acquired the taste for the agent 's life .

According to Shepherd these users share a common need for up-to-date information on the amount , capacity and condition of urban land , transport networks , utilities , hospitals , schools and other major communal facilities .
according to shepherd these users share a common need for up-to-date information on the amount , [ability] and condition of urban land , transport networks , utilities , hospitals , schools and other major communal facilities .

In the past when we identified forms of pollution , we have shown our capacity to act effectively .
in the past when we identified forms of pollution , we have shown our [ability] to act effectively .

We have only a limited capacity for checking the accuracy of many environmental monitoring results , let alone of predictions .
we have only a limited [ability] for checking the accuracy of many environmental monitoring results , let alone of predictions .

He had designed many buildings himself and had employed architects in subordinate capacity , such as Matthew Digby Wyatt at Paddington Station .
he had designed many buildings himself and had employed architects in subordinate [ability] , such as matthew digby wyatt at paddington station .

Lower grade paper is presently in surplus and as yet there is not the mill capacity to deal with it all .
lower grade paper is presently in surplus and as yet there is not the mill [ability] to deal with it all .

For those who are dumb , a sign language is useful and especially for mentally handicapped people who have speech difficulties , there are symbolic languages such as the Bliss Symbolic Communication System and the Makaton Vocabulary Language Programme which have greatly improved their capacity for communicating ( Kiernan et al , 1983 ) .
for those who are dumb , a sign language is useful and especially for mentally handicapped people who have speech difficulties , there are symbolic languages such as the bliss symbolic communication system and the makaton vocabulary language programme which have greatly improved their [ability] for communicating ( kiernan et al , 1983 ) .

For example it may influence the availability of such services as play-groups and nursery schools when young children have wider opportunities to practice communicating ; new types of activities and different relationships can be explored in these settings which add to the child 's capacity to communicate and are critical at this stage of development .
for example it may influence the availability of such services as play-groups and nursery schools when young children have wider opportunities to practice communicating ; new types of activities and different relationships can be explored in these settings which add to the child 's [ability] to communicate and are critical at this stage of development .

Of course , technological advances have greatly enhanced the individual 's capacity to communicate .
of course , technological advances have greatly enhanced the individual 's [ability] to communicate .

Nurses therefore are not in the individual patient/nurse relationship from choice , but in the capacity of making a professional contribution .
nurses therefore are not in the individual patient/nurse relationship from choice , but in the [ability] of making a professional contribution .

Homoeopathy is a complete system of medicine which aims to promote general health , by reinforcing the body 's own natural healing capacity .
homoeopathy is a complete system of medicine which aims to promote general health , by reinforcing the body 's own natural healing [ability] .

It takes little thought to see that someone who is physically crippled and confined to a wheelchair may still lead a very full life if his mental and higher faculties are in good order whereas a physically fit but totally demented person has little left to give and little capacity to receive except for physical care and a little love .
it takes little thought to see that someone who is physically crippled and confined to a wheelchair may still lead a very full life if his mental and higher faculties are in good order whereas a physically fit but totally demented person has little left to give and little [ability] to receive except for physical care and a little love .

For headaches with any symptoms involving other parts of the nervous system , such as disturbances of sensation , especially vision and dizziness or any disturbed capacity to initiate movement , such as speech difficulty or weakness .
for headaches with any symptoms involving other parts of the nervous system , such as disturbances of sensation , especially vision and dizziness or any disturbed [ability] to initiate movement , such as speech difficulty or weakness .

According to Piaget , as the brain matures and children ’ s experiences expand , they move through a sequence of four cognitive stages , or reorganizations of thought : ( 1 ) sensorimotor , the stage of infancy , in which babies use their senses and movements to explore the world ; ( 2 ) preoperational , the stage of early childhood , in which preschoolers use symbols , especially language and make-believe play , to represent their earlier sensorimotor discoveries , but thinking lacks the logic of older children ; ( 3 ) concrete operational , in which cognition is well organized and logical but limited to coordinating only two or three variables when solving problems ; and ( 4 ) formal operational , the stage of adolescence , which opens up the capacity for abstraction , permitting young people to coordinate an increasing number of variables and to imagine all possible outcomes in a problem , not just the most obvious .
according to piaget , as the brain matures and children ’ s experiences expand , they move through a sequence of four cognitive stages , or reorganizations of thought : ( 1 ) sensorimotor , the stage of infancy , in which babies use their senses and movements to explore the world ; ( 2 ) preoperational , the stage of early childhood , in which preschoolers use symbols , especially language and make-believe play , to represent their earlier sensorimotor discoveries , but thinking lacks the logic of older children ; ( 3 ) concrete operational , in which cognition is well organized and logical but limited to coordinating only two or three variables when solving problems ; and ( 4 ) formal operational , the stage of adolescence , which opens up the [ability] for abstraction , permitting young people to coordinate an increasing number of variables and to imagine all possible outcomes in a problem , not just the most obvious .

The environment has to be empowered with the capacity to transform the “ universal baby. ” .
the environment has to be empowered with the [ability] to transform the “ universal baby. ” .

His intelligence , capacity and range of skills reﬂect his environment—his teachers .
his intelligence , [ability] and range of skills reﬂect his environment—his teachers .

Temperament encompasses activity level , ability to attend to stimuli , and capacity to adjust the intensity of emotions to a comfortable level so the child can remain adaptively engaged with his or her physical and social surroundings .
temperament encompasses activity level , ability to attend to stimuli , and [ability] to adjust the intensity of emotions to a comfortable level so the child can remain adaptively engaged with his or her physical and social surroundings .

I will show repeatedly in this book that just the opposite is so—that parenting practices have much to do with children ’ s competence at language and communication ; sensitivity to others ’ feelings and needs ; capacity to get along with others within and beyond the family ; achievement in school ; and guiding values , beliefs , and attitudes .
i will show repeatedly in this book that just the opposite is so—that parenting practices have much to do with children ’ s competence at language and communication ; sensitivity to others ’ feelings and needs ; [ability] to get along with others within and beyond the family ; achievement in school ; and guiding values , beliefs , and attitudes .

Only later does it appear within the child , as an individual capacity or skill.83 The child ’ s mind , then , is a profoundly social organ .
only later does it appear within the child , as an individual [ability] or skill.83 the child ’ s mind , then , is a profoundly social organ .

Pairing reasons with mild punishment ( such as time out ) leads to a far greater reduction in rule violations than using punishment alone.21 The reason the adult gives the child must match the child ’ s capacity to understand .
pairing reasons with mild punishment ( such as time out ) leads to a far greater reduction in rule violations than using punishment alone.21 the reason the adult gives the child must match the child ’ s [ability] to understand .

Furthermore , children ’ s and adolescents ’ attitudes toward math and their belief in their capacity to do well at it affect their math achievement .
furthermore , children ’ s and adolescents ’ attitudes toward math and their belief in their [ability] to do well at it affect their math achievement .

Thus , boys often enter the period of family turmoil surrounding divorce with behavior problems and a reduced capacity to cope with stress.76 Custodial mothers tend to have difficulty handling sons on their own .
thus , boys often enter the period of family turmoil surrounding divorce with behavior problems and a reduced [ability] to cope with stress.76 custodial mothers tend to have difficulty handling sons on their own .

Repeatedly relying on others for assistance is construed as weakness , uncertainty , and lack of capacity .
repeatedly relying on others for assistance is construed as weakness , uncertainty , and lack of [ability] .

Some researchers believe that the infant ’ s capacity to share meaning with others is innate .
some researchers believe that the infant ’ s [ability] to share meaning with others is innate .

Between 9 and 15 months , the capacity for intersubjectivity takes a giant leap forward .
between 9 and 15 months , the [ability] for intersubjectivity takes a giant leap forward .

With age , children exert greater eort to understand another person , a capacity ﬁrst cultivated in adult–child interaction and then extended to peers .
with age , children exert greater eort to understand another person , a [ability] ﬁrst cultivated in adult–child interaction and then extended to peers .

An important goal of scaolding is to promote self-regulation—the capacity to use thought to guide behavior .
an important goal of scaolding is to promote self-regulation—the [ability] to use thought to guide behavior .

When 3- and 4-year-olds use their newfound capacity to talk about mental states during play with friends , their understanding of false belief improves further .
when 3- and 4-year-olds use their newfound [ability] to talk about mental states during play with friends , their understanding of false belief improves further .

Through dialogues with children , adults play a formative role in the development of children ’ s self-conceptions , sensitivity to others , cognition , academic knowledge , morality , social skills , and capacity to use language to gain control over thought and behavior .
through dialogues with children , adults play a formative role in the development of children ’ s self-conceptions , sensitivity to others , cognition , academic knowledge , morality , social skills , and [ability] to use language to gain control over thought and behavior .

Through it , children practice and strengthen their capacity to represent their experiences.3 For example , when Sophie pretended to put the animals to bed and used a TinkerToy to stand for a lollipop , she represented in her mind what formerly she could experience only directly—by going to bed or sucking a lollipop .
through it , children practice and strengthen their [ability] to represent their experiences.3 for example , when sophie pretended to put the animals to bed and used a tinkertoy to stand for a lollipop , she represented in her mind what formerly she could experience only directly—by going to bed or sucking a lollipop .

What about Piaget ’ s belief that through make-believe , young children solidify their new symbolic capacity ?
what about piaget ’ s belief that through make-believe , young children solidify their new symbolic [ability] ?

The ﬁrst strengthens children ’ s internal capacity to become civilized and socially responsible .
the ﬁrst strengthens children ’ s internal [ability] to become civilized and socially responsible .

Pretend play fortiﬁes children ’ s capacity to use ideas to guide behavior .
pretend play fortiﬁes children ’ s [ability] to use ideas to guide behavior .

By making children more aware of the goals of their play activities , game play further strengthens children ’ s capacity to overcome impulse .
by making children more aware of the goals of their play activities , game play further strengthens children ’ s [ability] to overcome impulse .

The capacity to adopt a “ theoretical ” mode of reasoning in make-believe is highly consistent with Vygotsky ’ s belief that pretending assists children in separating mental symbols from the objects and actions for which they stand , thereby permitting them to manipulate meanings in innovative ways .
the [ability] to adopt a “ theoretical ” mode of reasoning in make-believe is highly consistent with vygotsky ’ s belief that pretending assists children in separating mental symbols from the objects and actions for which they stand , thereby permitting them to manipulate meanings in innovative ways .

Complexity of play with siblings , in turn , is a good indicator of preschoolers ’ understanding of other people ’ s feelings—more so than is their play with mothers.39 Why might conversing and pretending with siblings make a special contribution to children ’ s capacity to read others ’ emotions ?
complexity of play with siblings , in turn , is a good indicator of preschoolers ’ understanding of other people ’ s feelings—more so than is their play with mothers.39 why might conversing and pretending with siblings make a special contribution to children ’ s [ability] to read others ’ emotions ?

What about the self-regulatory capacities that emerge earlier , during the preschool years—self-guiding private speech , willingness to take on chores , and capacity to delay gratiﬁcation for brief periods ?
what about the self-regulatory capacities that emerge earlier , during the preschool years—self-guiding private speech , willingness to take on chores , and [ability] to delay gratiﬁcation for brief periods ?

Toddlers need a small selection of realistic-looking toys to support their beginning capacity to pretend .
toddlers need a small selection of realistic-looking toys to support their beginning [ability] to pretend .

The mid- to late-preschool years are a time of burgeoning capacity for sociodramatic play , especially group pretend .
the mid- to late-preschool years are a time of burgeoning [ability] for sociodramatic play , especially group pretend .

In the early school grades , children display an even greater capacity to create replicas of the world around them—skills that teachers may build on in extended projects , such as studying a Native American village or the wildlife of a rain forest .
in the early school grades , children display an even greater [ability] to create replicas of the world around them—skills that teachers may build on in extended projects , such as studying a native american village or the wildlife of a rain forest .

The manufacturer in this example effectively had limitless capacity to produce the single-breasted coat , since only approximately 30 percent of the plant ’ s total capacity was devoted to producing a variety of rapid replenishment items .
the manufacturer in this example effectively had limitless [ability] to produce the single-breasted coat , since only approximately 30 percent of the plant ’ s total [ability] was devoted to producing a variety of rapid replenishment items .

This capacity could be invoked when necessary by putting aside the lower priority products made in the factory .
this [ability] could be invoked when necessary by putting aside the lower priority products made in the factory .

Next , the manufacturer must determine what percentage of its total capacity should be allocated to the quick line ( we call this percentage the quick-line capacity ratio ) , with the remainder allocated to the regular line .
next , the manufacturer must determine what percentage of its total [ability] should be allocated to the quick line ( we call this percentage the quick-line [ability] ratio ) , with the remainder allocated to the regular line .

We have developed a software package that solves this problem by using computer simulations of the weekly demand and production that determine the consequences of different quick-line capacity ratios and production scheduling policies for the manufacturer ’ s inventory and service levels ( order-fulfillment rate ) to the retailer .
we have developed a software package that solves this problem by using computer simulations of the weekly demand and production that determine the consequences of different quick-line [ability] ratios and production scheduling policies for the manufacturer ’ s inventory and service levels ( order-fulfillment rate ) to the retailer .

For a given quick-line capacity ratio , the computer program searches for a target inventory level for each SKU and finds the values of the target inventory for each group of SKUs that maximizes profit .
for a given quick-line [ability] ratio , the computer program searches for a target inventory level for each sku and finds the values of the target inventory for each group of skus that maximizes profit .

The results of a search for the maximum profit in this two-plant case appear in Figure 7.7 ( page 124 ) , which shows how the quick-line ratio increases as the inventory carrying costs increase.10 As we would expect , if the cost of carrying inventory is very low , the quick line is not used ; that is , the quick-line capacity ratio equals zero .
the results of a search for the maximum profit in this two-plant case appear in figure 7.7 ( page 124 ) , which shows how the quick-line ratio increases as the inventory carrying costs increase.10 as we would expect , if the cost of carrying inventory is very low , the quick line is not used ; that is , the quick-line [ability] ratio equals zero .

The major point here is that inventory carrying cost is a critical variable in making such plant capacity decisions .
the major point here is that inventory carrying cost is a critical variable in making such plant [ability] decisions .

In the second case , the finished goods in the distribution center are generally a blend of the output of two plants and the target inventory level varies with the quick-line capacity ratio .
in the second case , the finished goods in the distribution center are generally a blend of the output of two plants and the target inventory level varies with the quick-line [ability] ratio .

By 1920 , over half of the spinning and weaving capacity was in the South , leading industrialization there .
by 1920 , over half of the spinning and weaving [ability] was in the south , leading industrialization there .

This occurred not only because of the greater concentration of businesses in the textile industry , but because textile companies generally plan to run their expensive capital equipment at full capacity around the clock .
this occurred not only because of the greater concentration of businesses in the textile industry , but because textile companies generally plan to run their expensive capital equipment at full [ability] around the clock .

If it were not for the limited thread capacity of the bobbin and the need for the operator to wind thread onto the bobbin , the lockstitch would be more widely used in factory assembly operations .
if it were not for the limited thread [ability] of the bobbin and the need for the operator to wind thread onto the bobbin , the lockstitch would be more widely used in factory assembly operations .

These investments consist of the capacity to receive and transmit information electronically—the minimum set of practices required for working with lean retailers .
these investments consist of the [ability] to receive and transmit information electronically—the minimum set of practices required for working with lean retailers .

As Chapter 7 stressed , modular production need not be adopted for all assembly ; it makes most sense for products that require rapid replenishment , where the capacity to engage in short-cycle production matters .
as chapter 7 stressed , modular production need not be adopted for all assembly ; it makes most sense for products that require rapid replenishment , where the [ability] to engage in short-cycle production matters .

In particular , retaining some short-cycle capacity may be advantageous for production of SKUs with higher levels of demand variation , whether because of fashion content or uncommon size—that is , for garments that have unique design elements or are in a size few consumers wear .
in particular , retaining some short-cycle [ability] may be advantageous for production of skus with higher levels of demand variation , whether because of fashion content or uncommon size—that is , for garments that have unique design elements or are in a size few consumers wear .

Finally , suppliers must be capable of using this data to allocate production capacity between short-cycle ( modular ) and standard ( progressive bundle system ) production lines .
finally , suppliers must be capable of using this data to allocate production [ability] between short-cycle ( modular ) and standard ( progressive bundle system ) production lines .

This confirms the fact that apparel suppliers investing in both information technology and short-cycle production capacity can move to lower inventory levels more quickly .
this confirms the fact that apparel suppliers investing in both information technology and short-cycle production [ability] can move to lower inventory levels more quickly .

A supplier attempting to meet the rigorous standards of a lean retailer—whether a shirt manufacturer for Wal-Mart , a pasta-maker for Ralph ’ s Food , or an electronic drill supplier for Home Depot—must hold a far larger amount of inventory if it has not invested in a comprehensive set of information technology and short-cycle production capacity .
a supplier attempting to meet the rigorous standards of a lean retailer—whether a shirt manufacturer for wal-mart , a pasta-maker for ralph ’ s food , or an electronic drill supplier for home depot—must hold a far larger amount of inventory if it has not invested in a comprehensive set of information technology and short-cycle production [ability] .

The other maintains extensive information systems , which allow it to send , receive , and process information on retail demand , orders , and shipments ; advanced information technology also helps it plan manufacturing capacity so that the firm can engage in short-cycle production .
the other maintains extensive information systems , which allow it to send , receive , and process information on retail demand , orders , and shipments ; advanced information technology also helps it plan manufacturing [ability] so that the firm can engage in short-cycle production .

In addition , its capacity to use information on the state of demand allows it to set inventory levels on a SKU basis that balances the benefits of having a product available against the costs of holding work-in-process and finished goods inventories .
in addition , its [ability] to use information on the state of demand allows it to set inventory levels on a sku basis that balances the benefits of having a product available against the costs of holding work-in-process and finished goods inventories .

In our sample , adding shipping-container markers to established bar code and EDI practices increased operating profits by 2.2 percent—that is , from about 6.2 percent in average profit margins to 8.4 percent ; adding some modular assembly capacity to these three practices increased operating profits by about the same amount .
in our sample , adding shipping-container markers to established bar code and edi practices increased operating profits by 2.2 percent—that is , from about 6.2 percent in average profit margins to 8.4 percent ; adding some modular assembly [ability] to these three practices increased operating profits by about the same amount .

This supplier must draw on production lines and sourcing arrangements that provide it with a range of response times , from short-cycle production capacity for products with high demand variability to lines or sourcing arrangements that create larger production runs at lower costs for items with low demand variability .
this supplier must draw on production lines and sourcing arrangements that provide it with a range of response times , from short-cycle production [ability] for products with high demand variability to lines or sourcing arrangements that create larger production runs at lower costs for items with low demand variability .

These industries have often been chosen as the means for building manufacturing capacity in the developing world ; at the same time they have been the recipient of trade protection in developed economies .
these industries have often been chosen as the means for building manufacturing [ability] in the developing world ; at the same time they have been the recipient of trade protection in developed economies .

Apparel-makers confront frequent changes in styles and new SKUs , while textile manufacturers seek long runs to keep capacity operating round-the-clock .
apparel-makers confront frequent changes in styles and new skus , while textile manufacturers seek long runs to keep [ability] operating round-the-clock .

Dillard ’ s also purchased computing capacity for individual stores and its headquarters office , along with the necessary equipment to connect stores to the head office via electronic data transmission .
dillard ’ s also purchased computing [ability] for individual stores and its headquarters office , along with the necessary equipment to connect stores to the head office via electronic data transmission .

A tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics.38 Increasingly , a department store must be successful at both pursuits .
a tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its [ability] to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics.38 increasingly , a department store must be successful at both pursuits .

Masses are held every hour of the day and the church is constantly filled to capacity .
masses are held every hour of the day and the church is constantly filled to [ability] .

Our Philadelphia charter was very much a document of eighteenth-century reason : it placed faith in the capacity of men to order their affairs as they saw fit .
our philadelphia charter was very much a document of eighteenth-century reason : it placed faith in the [ability] of men to order their affairs as they saw fit .

The level of vigilance required exceeds the capacity of government in a society that also seeks to protect privacy and civil liberties .
the level of vigilance required exceeds the [ability] of government in a society that also seeks to protect privacy and civil liberties .

Most important , it would be a government that would have the capacity to supervise private relationships .
most important , it would be a government that would have the [ability] to supervise private relationships .

When the capacity to craft such molecules is married , as it will be in the coming decades , to increased understanding of the genetic and cellular signaling pathways by which ontogeny is controlled , we will enter an era of “ postgenomic ” medicine .
when the [ability] to craft such molecules is married , as it will be in the coming decades , to increased understanding of the genetic and cellular signaling pathways by which ontogeny is controlled , we will enter an era of “ postgenomic ” medicine .

Consider , then , a first copy of a protein that has the capacity to catalyze a reaction by which two fragments of a potential second copy of that same protein might be ligated to make the second copy of the whole protein .
consider , then , a first copy of a protein that has the [ability] to catalyze a reaction by which two fragments of a potential second copy of that same protein might be ligated to make the second copy of the whole protein .

Thus , evolution must somehow be crafting the very capacity of creatures to evolve .
thus , evolution must somehow be crafting the very [ability] of creatures to evolve .

The loss of the capacity for interference would mark the transition to classical behavior .
the loss of the [ability] for interference would mark the transition to classical behavior .

In short , cells must remain subcritical and cells in communities must remain subcritical , or else the rate of generation of molecular diversity would overwhelm the capacity of natural selection to winnow out the winners from the losers .
in short , cells must remain subcritical and cells in communities must remain subcritical , or else the rate of generation of molecular diversity would overwhelm the [ability] of natural selection to winnow out the winners from the losers .

Suppose you marry and have children who inherit your fatefully preadapted heart , and suppose earthquakes arose often enough for this new capacity to oVer survival advantage to you and your oVspring .
suppose you marry and have children who inherit your fatefully preadapted heart , and suppose earthquakes arose often enough for this new [ability] to over survival advantage to you and your ovspring .

Her odd flaps turned out to be a consequence of a simple Mendelian dominant gene , hence her kids had the same wondrous capacity to fly .
her odd flaps turned out to be a consequence of a simple mendelian dominant gene , hence her kids had the same wondrous [ability] to fly .

Gertrude did fly , and thereby the capacity of her folds of skin to function as wings were selected .
gertrude did fly , and thereby the [ability] of her folds of skin to function as wings were selected .

If we can not deduce it all , if the biosphere ’ s ramblings are richer than the algorithmic , then metaphor must be part of our cognitive capacity to guide action in the absence of deduction .
if we can not deduce it all , if the biosphere ’ s ramblings are richer than the algorithmic , then metaphor must be part of our cognitive [ability] to guide action in the absence of deduction .

The capacity to tune landscape structure shows up in the job shop problem .
the [ability] to tune landscape structure shows up in the job shop problem .

In terms of Figure . , the capacity to permute steps in the job shop problem shifts the phase transition point leftward , toward shorter makespan .
in terms of figure . , the [ability] to permute steps in the job shop problem shifts the phase transition point leftward , toward shorter makespan .

If you are a military force fighting against an enemy whose strategy changes persistently deform your payo landscape and whose eorts are to destroy your capacity to fight , you had best operate even further back from the phase transition in the survivable regime .
if you are a military force fighting against an enemy whose strategy changes persistently deform your payo landscape and whose eorts are to destroy your [ability] to fight , you had best operate even further back from the phase transition in the survivable regime .

Law .Communities of autonomous agents will evolve to the dynamical “ edge of chaos ” within and between members of the community , thereby simultaneously achieving an optimal coarse graining of each agent ’ s world that maximizes the capacity of each agent to discriminate and act without trembling hands .
law .communities of autonomous agents will evolve to the dynamical “ edge of chaos ” within and between members of the community , thereby simultaneously achieving an optimal coarse graining of each agent ’ s world that maximizes the [ability] of each agent to discriminate and act without trembling hands .

It is interesting to note that were organisms to evolve to a position below but near the biological reality that is the proper analogue of the Ksat phase transition , such a location might well achieve the gradualism and capacity to persistently evolve that Darwin noted and that we observe .
it is interesting to note that were organisms to evolve to a position below but near the biological reality that is the proper analogue of the ksat phase transition , such a location might well achieve the gradualism and [ability] to persistently evolve that darwin noted and that we observe .

Both the gradualism and capacity to evolve are related to the number of alternative assignments of true or false to the V variables that satisfy the Ksat normal disjunctive form .
both the gradualism and [ability] to evolve are related to the number of alternative assignments of true or false to the v variables that satisfy the ksat normal disjunctive form .

As noted in the previous chapter , there must be some interplay in the entry into the adjacent possible that gates the exploration by the capacity of natural selection to trim away the losers .
as noted in the previous chapter , there must be some interplay in the entry into the adjacent possible that gates the exploration by the [ability] of natural selection to trim away the losers .

Lipids have the capacity to fall to a low energy structure , which is precisely a bilipid layer .
lipids have the [ability] to fall to a low energy structure , which is precisely a bilipid layer .

Visits to Masada and Yad Vashem ( the Holocaust Museum ) may give you an inkling of the capacity for tragedy and heroism embodied in both that history and the modern State of Israel .
visits to masada and yad vashem ( the holocaust museum ) may give you an inkling of the [ability] for tragedy and heroism embodied in both that history and the modern state of israel .

Built in 1850 , it had a capacity of 1.5 million-gallons of water .
built in 1850 , it had a [ability] of 1.5 million-gallons of water .

Pasadena is famous for the Rose Bowl stadium where , at full capacity , 103,000 spectators watch the annual college football game on New Year ’ s Day .
pasadena is famous for the rose bowl stadium where , at full [ability] , 103,000 spectators watch the annual college football game on new year ’ s day .

The spectacular partially covered stadium has a capacity of 100,000 ; nearby is a 4,000-seat Aquatic Center .
the spectacular partially covered stadium has a [ability] of 100,000 ; nearby is a 4,000-seat aquatic center .

The leisure establishment of most interest to visitors is the huge outdoor Palatinus Baths ( Palatinus strand ) which includes thermal pools and boasts a capacity of 20,000 swimmers and sunbathers .
the leisure establishment of most interest to visitors is the huge outdoor palatinus baths ( palatinus strand ) which includes thermal pools and boasts a [ability] of 20,000 swimmers and sunbathers .

The biggest church in Budapest , built between 1851 and 1905 , it is frequently full to its capacity of 8,500 people .
the biggest church in budapest , built between 1851 and 1905 , it is frequently full to its [ability] of 8,500 people .

Its capacity is printed on its side : 227 gallons , 2 quarts , 1 pint , 3 gills ( some 868 liters ) .
its [ability] is printed on its side : 227 gallons , 2 quarts , 1 pint , 3 gills ( some 868 liters ) .

The principal sights are the house where he was born , quite roomy by local standards , and a museum with all the exhibits in duplicate , filling two mirror-image wings designed to double the crowd capacity .
the principal sights are the house where he was born , quite roomy by local standards , and a museum with all the exhibits in duplicate , filling two mirror-image wings designed to double the crowd [ability] .

St. George ’ s Harbour and Penno ’ s Wharf were working at full capacity to unload cargoes that were then transferred onto blockade-runners .
st. george ’ s harbour and penno ’ s wharf were working at full [ability] to unload cargoes that were then transferred onto blockade-runners .

This capacity was created in 1965 when public money was invested to dredge the port , specifically to allow bigger ships to enter .
this [ability] was created in 1965 when public money was invested to dredge the port , specifically to allow bigger ships to enter .

The Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation ( www.txiolta.org ) administers funds to create community capacity to provide civil legal services for low- income Texans .
the texas equal access to justice foundation ( www.txiolta.org ) administers funds to create community [ability] to provide civil legal services for low- income texans .

The seven grants flow from a new Nonprofit Capacity Building program at the foundation , part of a trend among philanthropists to give money to help organizations grow stronger , rather than to the program services they provide .
the seven grants flow from a new nonprofit [ability] building program at the foundation , part of a trend among philanthropists to give money to help organizations grow stronger , rather than to the program services they provide .

German came to Nebraska Legal Services with a goal of doubling the firm 's capacity to serve .
german came to nebraska legal services with a goal of doubling the firm 's [ability] to serve .

Another associate concurred , stating , `` Rather than using this excess capacity as an opportunity to rev up their pathetic pro bono programs and give something back to the community for a few months , they fire people and protect the bottom line . ''
another associate concurred , stating , `` rather than using this excess [ability] as an opportunity to rev up their pathetic pro bono programs and give something back to the community for a few months , they fire people and protect the bottom line . ''

Brief interventions may play an important role in motivating such patients to accept a treatment referral or can be used to establish motivation while waiting for access to publicly funded treatment.41,42 One trial , Project Assert , provided brief interventions and used an active referral process to gain access to the marginal capacity of the substance abuse treatment system for those who needed additional care.43 Its success led to its adoption by Boston Medical Center as a value-added service in the emergency department .
brief interventions may play an important role in motivating such patients to accept a treatment referral or can be used to establish motivation while waiting for access to publicly funded treatment.41,42 one trial , project assert , provided brief interventions and used an active referral process to gain access to the marginal [ability] of the substance abuse treatment system for those who needed additional care.43 its success led to its adoption by boston medical center as a value-added service in the emergency department .

To increase research capacity , we need to teach people how to do the research through fellowships , faculty development programs and grants , mentored research awards , and other programs that foster the development of new researchers .
to increase research [ability] , we need to teach people how to do the research through fellowships , faculty development programs and grants , mentored research awards , and other programs that foster the development of new researchers .

The opportunities for research in this area are great , and we need to work to develop research capacity .
the opportunities for research in this area are great , and we need to work to develop research [ability] .

The impact of screening should be demonstrated in ED environments that have treatment available , an adequate volume of alcohol-involved patients , and the capacity to undertake clinical trials .
the impact of screening should be demonstrated in ed environments that have treatment available , an adequate volume of alcohol-involved patients , and the [ability] to undertake clinical trials .

Congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions .
congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management [ability] and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions .

Importantly , once additional needed corporate governance reforms are made to enhance the independence and capacity of the board , the opportunity to implement the needed realignment will be greatly enhanced .
importantly , once additional needed corporate governance reforms are made to enhance the independence and [ability] of the board , the opportunity to implement the needed realignment will be greatly enhanced .

The primary reason for not outsourcing is due to the limited capacity of outsourcing vendors to perform larger , more complex finance and accounting operations .
the primary reason for not outsourcing is due to the limited [ability] of outsourcing vendors to perform larger , more complex finance and accounting operations .

However , these organizations indicated that they are continually evaluating opportunities to reduce costs and improve quality ; therefore , as the outsourcing market evolves and the capacity and quality of outsourcing vendors improves , outsourcing may become a more attractive alternative .
however , these organizations indicated that they are continually evaluating opportunities to reduce costs and improve quality ; therefore , as the outsourcing market evolves and the [ability] and quality of outsourcing vendors improves , outsourcing may become a more attractive alternative .

The Government Performance Project is the joint effort of the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University and Governing magazine , which are working to rate the management capacity of local and state governments and selected federal agencies in the United States .
the government performance project is the joint effort of the maxwell school of citizenship and public affairs at syracuse university and governing magazine , which are working to rate the management [ability] of local and state governments and selected federal agencies in the united states .

For investments that are intended to maintain or increase the economic productive capacity of the Nation , that is , investments in human capital , research and development , and nonfederal physical property , trend data shall be presented .
for investments that are intended to maintain or increase the economic productive [ability] of the nation , that is , investments in human capital , research and development , and nonfederal physical property , trend data shall be presented .

CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL Human Capital Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 6 : human capital human capital expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive [ability] shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

It also excludes education and training expenses whose purpose is not maintaining or enhancing national productive capacity .
it also excludes education and training expenses whose purpose is not maintaining or enhancing national productive [ability] .

CHAPTER 7 : RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT Research and Development Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 7 : research & development research and development expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive [ability] or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

HUMAN CAPITAL ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Federal investment in human capital comprises those expenses for education and training programs for the general public that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity .
human capital annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z federal investment in human capital comprises those expenses for education and training programs for the general public that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive [ability] .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research , applied research , and development that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits .
research and development annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research , applied research , and development that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive [ability] or yield other benefits .

OMB Form & Content Excess or unused capacity cost .
omb form & content excess or unused [ability] cost .

Evaluating an asset 's condition requires knowledge of the asset , its performance capacity and its actual ability to perform , and expectations for its continued performance .
evaluating an asset 's condition requires knowledge of the asset , its performance [ability] and its actual ability to perform , and expectations for its continued performance .

Fixed cost information is useful for cost savings by adjusting existing capacity , or by eliminating idle facilities .
fixed cost information is useful for cost savings by adjusting existing [ability] , or by eliminating idle facilities .

Maintenance excludes activities aimed at expanding the capacity of an asset or otherwise upgrading it to serve needs different from , or significantly greater than , those originally intended .
maintenance excludes activities aimed at expanding the [ability] of an asset or otherwise upgrading it to serve needs different from , or significantly greater than , those originally intended .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT -Federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits .
research and development -federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive [ability] or yielding other future benefits .

As a result , the program was converted in fiscal year 1995 to an outpatient program with Page 33 GAO/GGD-96-118 Government Performance and Results Act only a small inpatient capacity .
as a result , the program was converted in fiscal year 1995 to an outpatient program with page 33 gao/ggd-96-118 government performance and results act only a small inpatient [ability] .

On July 18 , 2001 , the Comptroller General issued a letter to the Vice President in his capacity as Chair of the NEPDG , under 31 U.S.C .
on july 18 , 2001 , the comptroller general issued a letter to the vice president in his [ability] as chair of the nepdg , under 31 u.s.c .

As a result , we have made clear to the Vice President « s representatives that we are not seeking a copy of his calendar or information on meetings held other than in his capacity as Chair of the NEPDG .
as a result , we have made clear to the vice president « s representatives that we are not seeking a copy of his calendar or information on meetings held other than in his [ability] as chair of the nepdg .

As we have emphasized , we are seeking certain factual information on meetings the Vice President held in his capacity as Chair of the Group .
as we have emphasized , we are seeking certain factual information on meetings the vice president held in his [ability] as chair of the group .

Moreover , some members of the NEPDG have already provided us with information identical in kind to the type of information we are seeking from the Vice President in his capacity as Chair of the NEPDG and from NEPDG staff members .
moreover , some members of the nepdg have already provided us with information identical in kind to the type of information we are seeking from the vice president in his [ability] as chair of the nepdg and from nepdg staff members .

However , as noted above , we are requesting records from the Vice President in his capacity as Chair of the NEPDG .
however , as noted above , we are requesting records from the vice president in his [ability] as chair of the nepdg .

We need sufficient funding to build and ensure we have the capacity and expertise to address such emerging issues on short notice in the future .
we need sufficient funding to build and ensure we have the [ability] and expertise to address such emerging issues on short notice in the future .

As I have discussed , my predecessors did a tremendous amount to ensure that GAO had the capacity and capabilities to serve the Congress and prepare for the future during their tenure .
as i have discussed , my predecessors did a tremendous amount to ensure that gao had the [ability] and capabilities to serve the congress and prepare for the future during their tenure .

The plan not only represents a road map of how GAO will support the Congress in handling issues faced by the country , but it also charts the approach we will use to guide our efforts to strengthen that support and to ensure that GAO has the capacity to serve the Congress effectively in the st century .
the plan not only represents a road map of how gao will support the congress in handling issues faced by the country , but it also charts the approach we will use to guide our efforts to strengthen that support and to ensure that gao has the [ability] to serve the congress effectively in the st century .

Moreover , the realignment will help us to enhance our longterm capacity by improving recruitment and retention ; building a succession plan ; focusing on emerging issues ; and leveraging technology opportunities for improvements to clients , processes , and employees .
moreover , the realignment will help us to enhance our longterm [ability] by improving recruitment and retention ; building a succession plan ; focusing on emerging issues ; and leveraging technology opportunities for improvements to clients , processes , and employees .

Our current human capital profile has succession planning , structural , and skills imbalance problems that we need to address if we are to maintain and build our capacity to support the Congress and achieve the goals of our strategic plan in the 21st century .
our current human capital profile has succession planning , structural , and skills imbalance problems that we need to address if we are to maintain and build our [ability] to support the congress and achieve the goals of our strategic plan in the 21st century .

It is also extremely important that we maintain and strengthen our capacity to effectively serve the Congress and meet the growing demand level in the future .
it is also extremely important that we maintain and strengthen our [ability] to effectively serve the congress and meet the growing demand level in the future .

In an era of shrinking government capacity but expanding demands , vigorous congressional oversight and growing requests requires a strong GAO .
in an era of shrinking government [ability] but expanding demands , vigorous congressional oversight and growing requests requires a strong gao .

In this capacity , it cooperates with the federal National Infrastructure Protection Center to identify threat trends and vulnerabilities and disseminate assessments , advisories , and alerts to its members .
in this [ability] , it cooperates with the federal national infrastructure protection center to identify threat trends and vulnerabilities and disseminate assessments , advisories , and alerts to its members .

GAO designated strategic human capital management as a governmentwide high-risk area in January 2001 because of a long-standing lack of a consistent strategic approach to marshaling , managing , and maintaining the human capital needed for government to deliver on its promises.1 We reported then and still find today that serious human capital shortfalls are eroding the capacity of many agencies , and threatening the ability of others , to economically , efficiently , and effectively perform their missions.2 The federal government 's human capital weaknesses did not emerge overnight and will not be quickly or easily addressed .
gao designated strategic human capital management as a governmentwide high-risk area in january 2001 because of a long-standing lack of a consistent strategic approach to marshaling , managing , and maintaining the human capital needed for government to deliver on its promises.1 we reported then and still find today that serious human capital shortfalls are eroding the [ability] of many agencies , and threatening the ability of others , to economically , efficiently , and effectively perform their missions.2 the federal government 's human capital weaknesses did not emerge overnight and will not be quickly or easily addressed .

If the owner does not have the capacity to operate as a smart buyer , the owner risks project schedule and cost overruns and facilities that do not meet performance objectives .
if the owner does not have the [ability] to operate as a smart buyer , the owner risks project schedule and cost overruns and facilities that do not meet performance objectives .

Similar to the construction management approach , the PM can serve in either an `` agency PM '' or `` atrisk '' capacity .
similar to the construction management approach , the pm can serve in either an `` agency pm '' or `` atrisk '' [ability] .

Present and projected work loads and capacity analysis , including peak load requirements and requirements for future capacity management .
present and projected work loads and [ability] analysis , including peak load requirements and requirements for future [ability] management .

Auditors could , for example , compare expected to actual usages of hardware resources in order to identify emerging computer capacity problems .
auditors could , for example , compare expected to actual usages of hardware resources in order to identify emerging computer [ability] problems .

The researcher must weigh the value of experiencing what it is like to be part of the culture against the hazard of internalizing the experience too fully , which can jeopardize the capacity to see the culture from many perspectives .
the researcher must weigh the value of experiencing what it is like to be part of the culture against the hazard of internalizing the experience too fully , which can jeopardize the [ability] to see the culture from many perspectives .

Saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future and , therefore , helps to increase the standard of living for future generations .
saving today increases a nation 's [ability] to produce goods and services in the future and , therefore , helps to increase the standard of living for future generations .

With an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , saving more today and increasing the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .
with an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , saving more today and increasing the nation 's future economic [ability] is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .

Changes in the market value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land and stocks , reflect expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital , but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real , permanent changes in the nation 's productive capacity .
changes in the market value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land and stocks , reflect expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital , but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real , permanent changes in the nation 's productive [ability] .

A low personal saving rate can raise questions about whether current generations are setting aside enough to sustain the nation 's productive capacity , especially if the other components of national saving are not correspondingly higher .
a low personal saving rate can raise questions about whether current generations are setting aside enough to sustain the nation 's productive [ability] , especially if the other components of national saving are not correspondingly higher .

A household 's capacity to consume depends on both its current income and its wealth .
a household 's [ability] to consume depends on both its current income and its wealth .

As discussed in section 2 , it is saving from current income-not gains on existing assets-that is key to financing capital investment and increasing the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services .
as discussed in section 2 , it is saving from current income-not gains on existing assets-that is key to financing capital investment and increasing the nation 's [ability] to produce goods and services .

For the nation , personal saving provides resources vital to enhancing the nation 's productive capacity .
for the nation , personal saving provides resources vital to enhancing the nation 's productive [ability] .

With an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , increasing the nation 's future economic capacity is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .
with an aging population and a slowly growing workforce , increasing the nation 's future economic [ability] is critical to ensuring retirement security in the 21st century .

The sum of national saving and saving borrowed from abroad represents the total amount of resources available for investment , that is , the purchase of capital goods-plant , equipment , software , houses,1 and inventories-by businesses and governments.2 Saving and investing today increase the nation 's stock of capital goods to be used in the future-the capital stock- and thus the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .
the sum of national saving and saving borrowed from abroad represents the total amount of resources available for investment , that is , the purchase of capital goods-plant , equipment , software , houses,1 and inventories-by businesses and governments.2 saving and investing today increase the nation 's stock of capital goods to be used in the future-the capital stock- and thus the nation 's [ability] to produce goods and services in the future .

Net national saving is the measure commonly used to gauge whether the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future is increasing or decreasing .
net national saving is the measure commonly used to gauge whether the nation 's [ability] to produce goods and services in the future is increasing or decreasing .

Nevertheless , national saving beyond the amount necessary to replace depreciated capital goods is important for increasing the overall size of the capital stock and the nation 's future productive capacity .
nevertheless , national saving beyond the amount necessary to replace depreciated capital goods is important for increasing the overall size of the capital stock and the nation 's future productive [ability] .

Many economists agree that spending both on education and on general research and development ( R & D ) enhances future economic capacity and , conceptually , should be considered investment .
many economists agree that spending both on education and on general research and development ( r & d ) enhances future economic [ability] and , conceptually , should be considered investment .

Some portion of the change in the market value of existing assets may reflect increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 Most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 For example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .
some portion of the change in the market value of existing assets may reflect increased productive [ability] and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 for example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .

An asset 's market value can change as a result of changes in tax treatment ; investors ' perceptions of risk ; taste ; or households ' expectations of future economic capacity arising from , for example , the introduction of new technology .
an asset 's market value can change as a result of changes in tax treatment ; investors ' perceptions of risk ; taste ; or households ' expectations of future economic [ability] arising from , for example , the introduction of new technology .

Only the last source , however , may relate to the asset 's productive capacity .
only the last source , however , may relate to the asset 's productive [ability] .

In general , saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce more goods and services and generate higher income in the future .
in general , saving today increases a nation 's [ability] to produce more goods and services and generate higher income in the future .

Increased economic capacity and rising incomes will be crucial as the population ages because a relatively smaller workforce will bear the burden of financing Social Security and Medicare while also seeking to maintain its own standard of living .
increased economic [ability] and rising incomes will be crucial as the population ages because a relatively smaller workforce will bear the burden of financing social security and medicare while also seeking to maintain its own standard of living .

To the extent that borrowing from abroad finances domestic investment , the foreign borrowing adds to the nation 's capital stock and boosts productive capacity .
to the extent that borrowing from abroad finances domestic investment , the foreign borrowing adds to the nation 's capital stock and boosts productive [ability] .

Saving now is vital because expanding the nation 's productive capacity through national saving and investment is a long-term process .
saving now is vital because expanding the nation 's productive [ability] through national saving and investment is a long-term process .

GAO has reported that well-chosen federal spending for infrastructure , education , and R & D that is directly intended to enhance the private sector 's long-term productivity can be viewed as federal investment.20 However , CBO has questioned whether increasing federal investment spending could significantly increase economic growth.21 A sound public infrastructure plays a vital role in the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future .
gao has reported that well-chosen federal spending for infrastructure , education , and r & d that is directly intended to enhance the private sector 's long-term productivity can be viewed as federal investment.20 however , cbo has questioned whether increasing federal investment spending could significantly increase economic growth.21 a sound public infrastructure plays a vital role in the nation 's [ability] to produce goods and services in the future .

Low- and moderate-income households have fewer resources and may have less capacity to contribute to an IRA or to earmark more assets for retirement .
low- and moderate-income households have fewer resources and may have less [ability] to contribute to an ira or to earmark more assets for retirement .

From a macroeconomic perspective , increasing the trust fund 's balance , without underlying reform , does nothing to enhance the government 's fiscal capacity to finance future benefits .
from a macroeconomic perspective , increasing the trust fund 's balance , without underlying reform , does nothing to enhance the government 's fiscal [ability] to finance future benefits .

If the prospect of surpluses over the next decade lulls us into complacency , the nation could face daunting demographic challenges without having changed the path of programs for the elderly or having built the economic capacity to bear the costs of the programs as currently structured .
if the prospect of surpluses over the next decade lulls us into complacency , the nation could face daunting demographic challenges without having changed the path of programs for the elderly or having built the economic [ability] to bear the costs of the programs as currently structured .

Increasing the nation 's economic capacity is a long-term process .
increasing the nation 's economic [ability] is a long-term process .

Common sense tells us that the nation needs to save more when it has a healthy economy , sufficient resources to meet some current needs while still building our capacity for the future , and a relatively large workforce .
common sense tells us that the nation needs to save more when it has a healthy economy , sufficient resources to meet some current needs while still building our [ability] for the future , and a relatively large workforce .

These are not included in the conventional NIPA measures but are related to long-term productive capacity .
these are not included in the conventional nipa measures but are related to long-term productive [ability] .

We have found that annual performance plans that include precise and measurable goals for resolving mission-critical management problems are important to ensuring that agencies have the institutional capacity to achieve their more resultsoriented programmatic goals .
we have found that annual performance plans that include precise and measurable goals for resolving mission-critical management problems are important to ensuring that agencies have the institutional [ability] to achieve their more resultsoriented programmatic goals .

In this strategic capacity , CIOs take the lead role in integrating information and technology management and performance across the entire information life cycle .
in this strategic [ability] , cios take the lead role in integrating information and technology management and performance across the entire information life cycle .

In some states , it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery , increase resources , and enhance the capacity of the system to meet the civil legal needs of all low-income people without altering service areas or historical relationships .
in some states , it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery , increase resources , and enhance the [ability] of the system to meet the civil legal needs of all low-income people without altering service areas or historical relationships .

Program staff and stakeholders are engaged in a full range of client services , address a full-range of legal problems , and have assumed the responsibility to create greater access and capacity to solve them .
program staff and stakeholders are engaged in a full range of client services , address a full-range of legal problems , and have assumed the responsibility to create greater access and [ability] to solve them .

Legal Services of North Carolina reaches only about 250 out of the state 's 4,000 labor camps during the season , and does not have the capacity to conduct outreach to the vast majority of the state 's 10,000 or more H-2A workers .
legal services of north carolina reaches only about 250 out of the state 's 4,000 labor camps during the season , and does not have the [ability] to conduct outreach to the vast majority of the state 's 10,000 or more h-2a workers .

North Carolina , for example , is estimated to have fewer than one hundred private attorneys with bilingual capacity in the state , and most live in metropolitan areas .
north carolina , for example , is estimated to have fewer than one hundred private attorneys with bilingual [ability] in the state , and most live in metropolitan areas .

Introduction In my capacity as Vice-President for Programs , I am pleased and proud to provide to the LSC Board of Directors this third progress report documenting the work of the Programs staff at LSC - OPP , OIM and its consultants , and the staff of the Vice President for Programs ( and her consultants ) -- in addressing the challenges placed before us in January 2000 by the LSC Board of Directors .
introduction in my [ability] as vice-president for programs , i am pleased and proud to provide to the lsc board of directors this third progress report documenting the work of the programs staff at lsc - opp , oim and its consultants , and the staff of the vice president for programs ( and her consultants ) -- in addressing the challenges placed before us in january 2000 by the lsc board of directors .

Through its competitive grant process , LSC obtains and reviews substantial data on an applicant 's capacity to respond to a diverse client community .
through its competitive grant process , lsc obtains and reviews substantial data on an applicant 's [ability] to respond to a diverse client community .

In the second , Legal Aid Society of Orange County will create a national technology training and curriculum project to build capacity across many audiences within the legal services community .
in the second , legal aid society of orange county will create a national technology training and curriculum project to build [ability] across many audiences within the legal services community .

Our feedback focus is on the relationship between the structure of a delivery system and its capacity to provide client access to a full range of services no matter where in the state the client resides , while at the same time anticipating and providing for clients ' emerging legal needs and aspirations .
our feedback focus is on the relationship between the structure of a delivery system and its [ability] to provide client access to a full range of services no matter where in the state the client resides , while at the same time anticipating and providing for clients ' emerging legal needs and aspirations .

Measurement of Quality through the Grant Application Process Through the competitive grants process , LSC evaluates an applicant 's capacity to provide effective and efficient high quality legal representation to eligible clients .
measurement of quality through the grant application process through the competitive grants process , lsc evaluates an applicant 's [ability] to provide effective and efficient high quality legal representation to eligible clients .

Recently , LSC examined its competitive grants process , through a series of discussions , and surveys and interviews with consultants , LSC grantees and staff , to determine its effectiveness in measuring an applicant 's capacity to provide high quality , client-centered legal services .
recently , lsc examined its competitive grants process , through a series of discussions , and surveys and interviews with consultants , lsc grantees and staff , to determine its effectiveness in measuring an applicant 's [ability] to provide high quality , client-centered legal services .

One program was told to restructure its capacity for telephone advice and brief service so that clients would not have to personally come to the office for an intake interview .
one program was told to restructure its [ability] for telephone advice and brief service so that clients would not have to personally come to the office for an intake interview .

A preliminary evaluation of Phase I , currently under way , has found that most users are happy with the overall implementation of the technology plan to date and believe that it has significantly improved their program 's capacity and their own individual capacity to serve clients .
a preliminary evaluation of phase i , currently under way , has found that most users are happy with the overall implementation of the technology plan to date and believe that it has significantly improved their program 's [ability] and their own individual [ability] to serve clients .

Some of the topics under consideration are finalizing electronic data transfer between all the programs , expanding the LARC website into a legal services community website , developing the capacity to distribute pro se materials over the Internet , and redesigning LARC 's telephone system .
some of the topics under consideration are finalizing electronic data transfer between all the programs , expanding the larc website into a legal services community website , developing the [ability] to distribute pro se materials over the internet , and redesigning larc 's telephone system .

All providers have now met most of the standards , which include upgrades of computer hardware and software , computers for all staff , desktop internet access , individual e-mail , and electronic legal research capacity .
all providers have now met most of the standards , which include upgrades of computer hardware and software , computers for all staff , desktop internet access , individual e-mail , and electronic legal research [ability] .

Periodic reports are submitted to the Statewide Steering Committee assessing whether the region has each capacity in place , and if not , what steps are to be taken to put it in place .
periodic reports are submitted to the statewide steering committee assessing whether the region has each [ability] in place , and if not , what steps are to be taken to put it in place .

The Bar Foundation also increased its financial support of the Legal Services Association in order to preserve South Carolina 's well-respected support and advocacy capacity .
the bar foundation also increased its financial support of the legal services association in order to preserve south carolina 's well-respected support and advocacy [ability] .

The key challenge facing planners in the state is finding a way to increase funding in order to significantly expand the capacity for services .
the key challenge facing planners in the state is finding a way to increase funding in order to significantly expand the [ability] for services .

LSC has been able to provide some financial support for these activities , but because of our limited discretionary spending , our capacity to contribute is limited .
lsc has been able to provide some financial support for these activities , but because of our limited discretionary spending , our [ability] to contribute is limited .

All of the partners that make up state justice communities must understand and accept the need for an ongoing commitment to contribute their time and energy to these efforts and that those with funding capacity must bear a share of the costs .
all of the partners that make up state justice communities must understand and accept the need for an ongoing commitment to contribute their time and energy to these efforts and that those with funding [ability] must bear a share of the costs .

Along with the CSR system , which quantifies `` case '' services , the Matters Reporting System provides an expanded capacity to produce numerical and narrative data describing the full range of services provided by the core network of legal services programs serving communities across the nation .
along with the csr system , which quantifies `` case '' services , the matters reporting system provides an expanded [ability] to produce numerical and narrative data describing the full range of services provided by the core network of legal services programs serving communities across the nation .

The data collection system provides LSC with the capacity to track the expansion of these methods and to better describe their scale and impacts as this expansion continues .
the data collection system provides lsc with the [ability] to track the expansion of these methods and to better describe their scale and impacts as this expansion continues .

The data system seems to have been well accepted by field programs ; The system includes a narrative component as well as statistical reporting , providing the Corporation with a strong capacity for describing the character as well as the volume of services and delivery models in use .
the data system seems to have been well accepted by field programs ; the system includes a narrative component as well as statistical reporting , providing the corporation with a strong [ability] for describing the character as well as the volume of services and delivery models in use .

In response , staff has grown in size and capacity .
in response , staff has grown in size and [ability] .

Expanding legal capacity through coordination with other providers .
expanding legal [ability] through coordination with other providers .

Commitment : Internal capacity and expertise to support meaningful planning and plan implementation consistent with the values , purposes , and objectives of the State Planning Initiative .
commitment : internal [ability] and expertise to support meaningful planning and plan implementation consistent with the values , purposes , and objectives of the state planning initiative .

Will it promote , where appropriate , the sharing of urban-based private capacity with the needs of rural and isolated clients ?
will it promote , where appropriate , the sharing of urban-based private [ability] with the needs of rural and isolated clients ?

IPM Is Suited to Model Multi-Emission Control Programs • Among the factors that make IPM particularly well suited to model multi-emissions control programs are ( 1 ) its ability to capture complex interactions among the electric power , fuel , and environmental markets , ( 2 ) its detail-rich representation of emission control options encompassing a broad array of retrofit technologies along with emission reductions through fuel switching , changes in capacity mix , and electricity dispatch strategies , and ( 3 ) its capability to model a variety of environmental market mechanisms , such as emissions caps , allowances , trading , and banking .
ipm is suited to model multi-emission control programs • among the factors that make ipm particularly well suited to model multi-emissions control programs are ( 1 ) its ability to capture complex interactions among the electric power , fuel , and environmental markets , ( 2 ) its detail-rich representation of emission control options encompassing a broad array of retrofit technologies along with emission reductions through fuel switching , changes in [ability] mix , and electricity dispatch strategies , and ( 3 ) its capability to model a variety of environmental market mechanisms , such as emissions caps , allowances , trading , and banking .

Description of Freshwater Modeling • The Model of Acidification of Groundwater in Catchments ( MAGIC ) is used to examine changes in surface freshwater chemistry as indicated by changes in acid neutralizing capacity ( ANC ) in the waterbody .
description of freshwater modeling • the model of acidification of groundwater in catchments ( magic ) is used to examine changes in surface freshwater chemistry as indicated by changes in acid neutralizing [ability] ( anc ) in the waterbody .

Changes in surface water chemistry are characterized by changes in Acid Neutralizing Capacity ( ANC ) - the ability of a waterbody to neutralize strong acids added from atmospheric deposition .
changes in surface water chemistry are characterized by changes in acid neutralizing [ability] ( anc ) - the ability of a waterbody to neutralize strong acids added from atmospheric deposition .

Moreover , wood supply increases by about 10 % and the capacity factor of wind energy systems increases by about 15-20 % compared to the reference case assumptions .
moreover , wood supply increases by about 10 % and the [ability] factor of wind energy systems increases by about 15-20 % compared to the reference case assumptions .

Gas consumption increases slightly in scenarios A and B , and decreases by a small amount in scenarios C and D as lower electricity consumption reduces the need for new capacity .
gas consumption increases slightly in scenarios a and b , and decreases by a small amount in scenarios c and d as lower electricity consumption reduces the need for new [ability] .

The program includes existing fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants with generators having a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 MW .
the program includes existing fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants with generators having a nameplate [ability] of greater than 25 mw .

The program also includes new fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants regardless of size , except for gas-fired units serving one or more generators with total nameplate capacity of 25 MW or less .
the program also includes new fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants regardless of size , except for gas-fired units serving one or more generators with total nameplate [ability] of 25 mw or less .

Where there is a modification of the existing affected unit ( which is defined as a change that will result in an increase in the hourly emissions of a pollutant at the unit 's maximum capacity ) , the unit must comply with either best available control technology ( BACT ) for that pollutant or the performance standards for nitrogen oxides , sulfur dioxide , mercury , and particulate matter under Section 481 .
where there is a modification of the existing affected unit ( which is defined as a change that will result in an increase in the hourly emissions of a pollutant at the unit 's maximum [ability] ) , the unit must comply with either best available control technology ( bact ) for that pollutant or the performance standards for nitrogen oxides , sulfur dioxide , mercury , and particulate matter under section 481 .

Fill vials and centrifuge tubes with the 10 % HCl solution and allow to stand a few minutes ; fill all larger containers to about one-tenth capacity with HCl solution and swirl so that the entire surface is bathed .
fill vials and centrifuge tubes with the 10 % hcl solution and allow to stand a few minutes ; fill all larger containers to about one-tenth [ability] with hcl solution and swirl so that the entire surface is bathed .

Reliability problems could arise as large amounts of capacity are taken out of service for extended periods of time to install the control equipment necessary to meet the emissions reduction requirements .
reliability problems could arise as large amounts of [ability] are taken out of service for extended periods of time to install the control equipment necessary to meet the emissions reduction requirements .

This would significantly reduce the amount of generating capacity available to meet consumer ' electrical needs .
this would significantly reduce the amount of generating [ability] available to meet consumer ' electrical needs .

It is estimated that there is also enough SCR catalyst capacity to supply this market .
it is estimated that there is also enough scr catalyst [ability] to supply this market .

Bolstered by the fact that there is currently a worldwide excess capacity problem for suppliers of these globally traded commodity chemicals , it is projected that there will be an ample supply of ammonia and urea .
bolstered by the fact that there is currently a worldwide excess [ability] problem for suppliers of these globally traded commodity chemicals , it is projected that there will be an ample supply of ammonia and urea .

Activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
activated carbon is traded on a global basis and there is currently substantial excess [ability] that can readily provide for this increase in demand .

Cumulative SCR Catalyst Demand Compared To Cumulative Production Capacity ... ... ... ... 50 6-5 .
cumulative scr catalyst demand compared to cumulative production [ability] ... ... ... ... 50 6-5 .

SCR Catalyst Capacity for Coal-fired Boilers ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..48 6-8 .
scr catalyst [ability] for coal-fired boilers ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..48 6-8 .

Currently , the installed maximum single absorber capacity in the U.S. is 890 MWe being fed by 2 boilers at Tampa Electric 's Big Bend Station .
currently , the installed maximum single absorber [ability] in the u.s. is 890 mwe being fed by 2 boilers at tampa electric 's big bend station .

To date , there have been approximately 94 GWe of scrubber capacity built on coal-fired power plants in the US .
to date , there have been approximately 94 gwe of scrubber [ability] built on coal-fired power plants in the us .

Over 200 GWe of capacity has been built worldwide .
over 200 gwe of [ability] has been built worldwide .

The three absorber-module installation assumes each absorber module can treat up to 900 MWe of boiler capacity .
the three absorber-module installation assumes each absorber module can treat up to 900 mwe of boiler [ability] .

Currently , approximately 900 MWe of single absorber capacity has been successfully installed in the U.S .
currently , approximately 900 mwe of single absorber [ability] has been successfully installed in the u.s .

For the Clear Skies Act , EPA 's projections reflect that the majority of FGD installations will involve a single absorber unit installation per plant ; however , the maximum projected number of scrubbers retrofitted at any facility is three absorber modules serving six boilers with a maximum of 2400 MWe of boiler capacity .
for the clear skies act , epa 's projections reflect that the majority of fgd installations will involve a single absorber unit installation per plant ; however , the maximum projected number of scrubbers retrofitted at any facility is three absorber modules serving six boilers with a maximum of 2400 mwe of boiler [ability] .

While multiple systems on one site are common , the number of required systems to serve large MWe of capacity has been decreasing .
while multiple systems on one site are common , the number of required systems to serve large mwe of [ability] has been decreasing .

For example , in the past FGD systems for 2,600 MWe stations included six absorbers ; however , today these systems would likely be designed for four absorber systems , or approximately 650 MWe of boiler capacity per absorber.6 Using the methodology described for 900 MWe of capacity , today a six-absorber system could serve as much as 5,400 MWe of capacity , or more than double the capacity served in installations in the early 1990 's .
for example , in the past fgd systems for 2,600 mwe stations included six absorbers ; however , today these systems would likely be designed for four absorber systems , or approximately 650 mwe of boiler [ability] per absorber.6 using the methodology described for 900 mwe of [ability] , today a six-absorber system could serve as much as 5,400 mwe of [ability] , or more than double the [ability] served in installations in the early 1990 's .

A reasonable estimate of multiple FGD installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the initial 500 MWe of capacity ( or 760 man-hours/MWe ) and an additional 500 man-hours per MWe , up to a total of 900 MWe , for any combination into a single common absorber .
a reasonable estimate of multiple fgd installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the initial 500 mwe of [ability] ( or 760 man-hours/mwe ) and an additional 500 man-hours per mwe , up to a total of 900 mwe , for any combination into a single common absorber .

The wet FGD retrofit at the Bailly Generating Station , Units 7 & 8 , is an example where a full service system ( single limestone absorber for combined 528 MWe capacity , 2-4.5 percent sulfur coal , > 95 percent SO2 removal ) was able to significantly reduce space requirements while also decreasing cost by about one-half and creating no new waste streams .
the wet fgd retrofit at the bailly generating station , units 7 & 8 , is an example where a full service system ( single limestone absorber for combined 528 mwe [ability] , 2-4.5 percent sulfur coal , > 95 percent so2 removal ) was able to significantly reduce space requirements while also decreasing cost by about one-half and creating no new waste streams .

To date , a single absorber has been successfully installed to serve up to 900 MWe of capacity in the U.S. while even larger absorber modules ( i.e .
to date , a single absorber has been successfully installed to serve up to 900 mwe of [ability] in the u.s. while even larger absorber modules ( i.e .

For example , a 30-day supply of limestone to feed a 500 MWe FGD system ( 95 percent control efficiency , 85 percent capacity , 4 percent sulfur coal ) will require approximately 40 by 40 m ( 120 by 120 foot ) storage area to handle approximately 23,000 tons of limestone .
for example , a 30-day supply of limestone to feed a 500 mwe fgd system ( 95 percent control efficiency , 85 percent [ability] , 4 percent sulfur coal ) will require approximately 40 by 40 m ( 120 by 120 foot ) storage area to handle approximately 23,000 tons of limestone .

If dewatering is required , typically 1-acre will be needed for an entire facility regardless of the amount of FGD capacity being served .
if dewatering is required , typically 1-acre will be needed for an entire facility regardless of the amount of fgd [ability] being served .

Therefore , it is possible to make an estimate of how much catalyst would be necessary to retrofit a particular facility or a large number of facilities if the total capacity is known .
therefore , it is possible to make an estimate of how much catalyst would be necessary to retrofit a particular facility or a large number of facilities if the total [ability] is known .

For a 500 MWe plant reducing NOX from 0.50 lb/MMBtu to 0.05 lb/MMBtu and 85 percent capacity factor ( this is conservatively high for most coal boilers ) , approximately 3,400 tons/yr of ammonia ( anhydrous equivalent ) or about 6,100 tons/yr of urea ( as 100 percent urea ) would be needed .
for a 500 mwe plant reducing nox from 0.50 lb/mmbtu to 0.05 lb/mmbtu and 85 percent [ability] factor ( this is conservatively high for most coal boilers ) , approximately 3,400 tons/yr of ammonia ( anhydrous equivalent ) or about 6,100 tons/yr of urea ( as 100 percent urea ) would be needed .

If lower capacity cranes are used , smaller pieces must be lifted , which means that less pre-fabrication is possible and more assembly must be done in place .
if lower [ability] cranes are used , smaller pieces must be lifted , which means that less pre-fabrication is possible and more assembly must be done in place .

Although the availability of the largest cranes is reported to about 60 or more , about 12 new cranes can be supplied every six months.25 It has been reported that , in some cases , it has been necessary to go further away from the plant to source cranes with adequate lift and reach capacity .
although the availability of the largest cranes is reported to about 60 or more , about 12 new cranes can be supplied every six months.25 it has been reported that , in some cases , it has been necessary to go further away from the plant to source cranes with adequate lift and reach [ability] .

In other cases , engineers found that by changing the design/fabrication method to meet the available crane , the project could be managed with lower capacity cranes ( lifting smaller pieces ) .26,27 If more than one boiler is retrofit at one facility , then the crane can be used for both boilers , saving cost and time when compared to boilers retrofit separately .
in other cases , engineers found that by changing the design/fabrication method to meet the available crane , the project could be managed with lower [ability] cranes ( lifting smaller pieces ) .26,27 if more than one boiler is retrofit at one facility , then the crane can be used for both boilers , saving cost and time when compared to boilers retrofit separately .

A German SCR system supplier installed SCR on a significant portion of the German capacity within outage periods consisting of less than four weeks.11 Based upon outages in this time range for SCR connection , electricity-generating facilities would normally be able to plan the SCR connection to occur during planned outages to avoid additional downtime .
a german scr system supplier installed scr on a significant portion of the german [ability] within outage periods consisting of less than four weeks.11 based upon outages in this time range for scr connection , electricity-generating facilities would normally be able to plan the scr connection to occur during planned outages to avoid additional downtime .

This approach also assures that at least about 83 percent of the plant capacity is available at any given time ( only one boiler is shut down ) , and during most of the time there is no impact to the plant availability at all .
this approach also assures that at least about 83 percent of the plant [ability] is available at any given time ( only one boiler is shut down ) , and during most of the time there is no impact to the plant availability at all .

The total amount of steel is relatively small in comparison to an SCR or an FGD for a 500 MWe plant.27 The estimated steel requirement for a 500 MWe ACI system is indicated in Table 4-1.33 Since the largest item contributing to the steel requirement is the storage silo , it will be assumed that the total steel requirement is proportional to the capacity of the unit , as the storage requirement would be proportional to the capacity .
the total amount of steel is relatively small in comparison to an scr or an fgd for a 500 mwe plant.27 the estimated steel requirement for a 500 mwe aci system is indicated in table 4-1.33 since the largest item contributing to the steel requirement is the storage silo , it will be assumed that the total steel requirement is proportional to the [ability] of the unit , as the storage requirement would be proportional to the [ability] .

Therefore , the total AC consumption at a plant will be roughly proportional to the total plant capacity equipped with ACI .
therefore , the total ac consumption at a plant will be roughly proportional to the total plant [ability] equipped with aci .

Since an ACI system is much smaller and uses substantially less steel than an SCR or FGD system , cranes and other lifting equipment can be of low to moderate lifting capacity .
since an aci system is much smaller and uses substantially less steel than an scr or fgd system , cranes and other lifting equipment can be of low to moderate lifting [ability] .

Occasionally , it is necessary to install a new smoke stack , and it may be necessary to add more fan capacity .
occasionally , it is necessary to install a new smoke stack , and it may be necessary to add more fan [ability] .

It is estimated that there are about 4,000 MWe of FGD capacity being constructed or just recently completed .
it is estimated that there are about 4,000 mwe of fgd [ability] being constructed or just recently completed .

Based on availability of resources , particularly labor , it is projected that an additional 6,000 MWe of FGD capacity could be built for a total of 10,000 MWe by 2005 .
based on availability of resources , particularly labor , it is projected that an additional 6,000 mwe of fgd [ability] could be built for a total of 10,000 mwe by 2005 .

Because the FGD estimate based on availability of resources is much less than the amount of FGD capacity that would be cost effective to build , EPA ran model sensitivities constraining the amount of scrubber capacity that could be installed by 2005 at 10,000 MWe .
because the fgd estimate based on availability of resources is much less than the amount of fgd [ability] that would be cost effective to build , epa ran model sensitivities constraining the amount of scrubber [ability] that could be installed by 2005 at 10,000 mwe .

In previous sections , capacity factors of 85 percent were assumed .
in previous sections , [ability] factors of 85 percent were assumed .

In reality , coal-fired facilities , on average , have lower capacity factors .
in reality , coal-fired facilities , on average , have lower [ability] factors .

For example , in 1999 , 39.8 percent of 786 GWe of generating capacity in the U.S. , or 313 MWe , was coal fueled .
for example , in 1999 , 39.8 percent of 786 gwe of generating [ability] in the u.s. , or 313 mwe , was coal fueled .

In that same year , coal-fired U.S. plants produced about 51 percent of 3,691 billion kWh , or 1,882 billion kWh.39 This corresponds to a capacity factor of 68.7 percent ( Data is from Energy Information Administration Web Site ; Capacity Factor is total MWe-h produced divided by the total MWe-h that would be produced if the plant were run at full capacity for 8,760 h in the year ) .
in that same year , coal-fired u.s. plants produced about 51 percent of 3,691 billion kwh , or 1,882 billion kwh.39 this corresponds to a [ability] factor of 68.7 percent ( data is from energy information administration web site ; [ability] factor is total mwe-h produced divided by the total mwe-h that would be produced if the plant were run at full [ability] for 8,760 h in the year ) .

As a result , assuming a capacity factor of 85 percent will result in a much more conservative ( high ) estimate of resources needed than is likely to be the case .
as a result , assuming a [ability] factor of 85 percent will result in a much more conservative ( high ) estimate of resources needed than is likely to be the case .

In estimating the resources necessary to put new control technology capacity in place ( labor , steel , etc .
in estimating the resources necessary to put new control technology [ability] in place ( labor , steel , etc .

Thirty-one months was used for 2005 , because the analysis for 2005 was based on the projected number of retrofits needed by 2005 , less the amount of capacity installed by May 2002 .
thirty-one months was used for 2005 , because the analysis for 2005 was based on the projected number of retrofits needed by 2005 , less the amount of [ability] installed by may 2002 .

In particular , two boilers with 900 MWe of capacity require approximately 2.1 tons per MWe .
in particular , two boilers with 900 mwe of [ability] require approximately 2.1 tons per mwe .

Electricity demand is expected to increase at a rate of 1.8 percent per year over the next 20 years , creating the need for 393,000 MWe of generating capacity .
electricity demand is expected to increase at a rate of 1.8 percent per year over the next 20 years , creating the need for 393,000 mwe of generating [ability] .

At a 1.5 percent growth rate that number is reduced by between 60,000 to 66,000 MWe to about 330,000 MWe of new generating capacity .
at a 1.5 percent growth rate that number is reduced by between 60,000 to 66,000 mwe to about 330,000 mwe of new generating [ability] .

A large quantity of new generating capacity , consisting mostly of gas combined cycle units , has been built within the last several years .
a large quantity of new generating [ability] , consisting mostly of gas combined cycle units , has been built within the last several years .

Since 1998 , close to 200 GWe of new capacity have been built or is currently under construction with an even larger quantity being proposed .
since 1998 , close to 200 gwe of new [ability] have been built or is currently under construction with an even larger quantity being proposed .

This excess in capacity is projected to create an overall reserve margin greater than 25 percent in the US over the next few years .
this excess in [ability] is projected to create an overall reserve margin greater than 25 percent in the us over the next few years .

As the demand in electricity grows , the need for new generating capacity will not be felt until the excess capacity is worked off .
as the demand in electricity grows , the need for new generating [ability] will not be felt until the excess [ability] is worked off .

Assuming new capacity will be needed when the reserve margin approaches 15 percent , it is expected to push back the need for additional capacity beyond 2005 and in some regions as late as 2010 .
assuming new [ability] will be needed when the reserve margin approaches 15 percent , it is expected to push back the need for additional [ability] beyond 2005 and in some regions as late as 2010 .

Considering that 4 GWe of scrubber capacity is either being built or recently constructed , it is conservatively assumed than an additional 6 GWe could be completed by 2005 .
considering that 4 gwe of scrubber [ability] is either being built or recently constructed , it is conservatively assumed than an additional 6 gwe could be completed by 2005 .

Manufacturing is largely in the United States , Europe , and Japan , and the worldwide capacity is used to support worldwide sales .
manufacturing is largely in the united states , europe , and japan , and the worldwide [ability] is used to support worldwide sales .

The current and planned capacity of SCR catalyst supply available to the U.S. market for coal-fired boilers is nearly 90,000 m3/yr .
the current and planned [ability] of scr catalyst supply available to the u.s. market for coal-fired boilers is nearly 90,000 m3/yr .

The suppliers provided EPA their current capacity and the capacity that will be on line in the year 2002 .
the suppliers provided epa their current [ability] and the [ability] that will be on line in the year 2002 .

The estimated capacity of other suppliers of catalyst to coal-fired boilers that could not be reached in time for this study is listed also .
the estimated [ability] of other suppliers of catalyst to coal-fired boilers that could not be reached in time for this study is listed also .

However , it is recognized that these companies could shift their product mix if the market conditions justified it , so the capacity value shown could be quickly increased if manufacturers simply changed product focus .
however , it is recognized that these companies could shift their product mix if the market conditions justified it , so the [ability] value shown could be quickly increased if manufacturers simply changed product focus .

The current capacity was originally built overseas to meet overseas demand or was subsequently built to meet U.S. demand for catalyst spurred by the NOX SIP Call and the build up of gas turbine power plants in the U.S .
the current [ability] was originally built overseas to meet overseas demand or was subsequently built to meet u.s. demand for catalyst spurred by the nox sip call and the build up of gas turbine power plants in the u.s .

Except for a moderate demand for replacement catalyst , much of this capacity will be available after 2004 because these large demand peaks will have mostly passed .
except for a moderate demand for replacement catalyst , much of this [ability] will be available after 2004 because these large demand peaks will have mostly passed .

Because most of the companies that supply catalyst are divisions of very large companies with the resources to rapidly expand their manufacturing capacity to meet increases in market demand , it is reasonable to assume that this manufacturing capacity could be expanded if the market demand justified it .
because most of the companies that supply catalyst are divisions of very large companies with the resources to rapidly expand their manufacturing [ability] to meet increases in market demand , it is reasonable to assume that this manufacturing [ability] could be expanded if the market demand justified it .

In fact , recent capacity expansions provide strong evidence of this .
in fact , recent [ability] expansions provide strong evidence of this .

GqÜáë=çåó=áåÅäìÇÉë=Å~í~óëí=ã~åìÑ~ÅíìêÉë=ïÜç=ÅìêêÉåíó=ëìééäó=Å~í~óëí=Ñçê=Åç~äJÑáêÉÇ=~ééäáÅ~áçåëK páÖåáÑáÅ~åí=~ÇÇááçå~ä=Å~é~Åó=ë=~î~ä~ÄäÉ=Ñêçã=ëìééäáÉë=íÜ~í=ã~ó=Ü~îÉ=çÑÑÉêÉÇ=Å~í~óëí=Ñçê=Åç~ä ~ééäáÅ~áçåë=áå=íÜÉ=é~ëíI=Äìí=ÅìêêÉåíó=ÑçÅìë=çå=Ö~ë=~åÇ=çä=JÑáêÉÇ=~ééäáÅ~áçåë=~åÇ=ÅçìäÇ=éçíÉåíá~ó ëÜáÑí=Å~é~Åáíó=íç=~=Åç~ä=éêçÇìÅíK Currently , the equivalent of approximately 100 GWe of coal , oil , and gas-fired capacity worldwide utilizes SCR technology .
gqüáë=çåó=áååäìçéë=å~í~óëí=ã~åìñ~åíìêéë=ïüç=åìêêéåíó=ëìééäó=å~í~óëí=ñçê=åç~äjñáêéç=~ééäáå~áçåëk páöåáñáå~åí=~ççááçå~ä=å~é~åó=ë=~î~ä~ääé=ñêçã=ëìééäáéë=íü~í=ã~ó=ü~îé=çññéêéç=å~í~óëí=ñçê=åç~ä ~ééäáå~áçåë=áå=íüé=é~ëíi=äìí=åìêêéåíó=ñçåìë=çå=ö~ë=~åç=çä=jñáêéç=~ééäáå~áçåë=~åç=åçìäç=éçíéåíá~ó ëüáñí=å~é~åáíó=íç=~=åç~ä=éêççìåík currently , the equivalent of approximately 100 gwe of coal , oil , and gas-fired [ability] worldwide utilizes scr technology .

By 2005 , an additional 85 GWe of coal-fired SCR capacity is expected to be on line in response to the NOX SIP Call and recently promulgated State rules ( this includes anticipated SCR retrofits under the state rules for Missouri , Connecticut , and Texas ) .
by 2005 , an additional 85 gwe of coal-fired scr [ability] is expected to be on line in response to the nox sip call and recently promulgated state rules ( this includes anticipated scr retrofits under the state rules for missouri , connecticut , and texas ) .

From Table 6-7 , the estimated capacity of catalyst supply is 87,300 m3/yr .
from table 6-7 , the estimated [ability] of catalyst supply is 87,300 m3/yr .

Considering the initial fill demand of 26,000 m3/yr from 65 GWe of SCR installations and replacement demand of 22,300 m3/yr from 150 GWe of cumulative SCR installations plus the worldwide catalyst replacement demand of between 5,000 and 8,000 m3/yr , the annual excess capacity is estimated to be 31,000 to 34,000 m3/yr .
considering the initial fill demand of 26,000 m3/yr from 65 gwe of scr installations and replacement demand of 22,300 m3/yr from 150 gwe of cumulative scr installations plus the worldwide catalyst replacement demand of between 5,000 and 8,000 m3/yr , the annual excess [ability] is estimated to be 31,000 to 34,000 m3/yr .

It compares the current cumulative production capacity for SCR catalyst to the cumulative annual demand for SCR catalyst from the total SCR installations in 2005 and 2010 .
it compares the current cumulative production [ability] for scr catalyst to the cumulative annual demand for scr catalyst from the total scr installations in 2005 and 2010 .

As shown in Figure 6-4 , the cumulative demand from the Clear Skies Act plus the worldwide demand can be met with the total cumulative confirmed capacity .
as shown in figure 6-4 , the cumulative demand from the clear skies act plus the worldwide demand can be met with the total cumulative confirmed [ability] .

Consequently , adequate capacity of SCR catalyst supply is available to satisfy the demand that may result from the projected installations .
consequently , adequate [ability] of scr catalyst supply is available to satisfy the demand that may result from the projected installations .

Of course , as demonstrated by the catalyst suppliers , if more capacity was desirable to satisfy the market , it could be added given sufficient lead time for the construction of the catalyst production facility .
of course , as demonstrated by the catalyst suppliers , if more [ability] was desirable to satisfy the market , it could be added given sufficient lead time for the construction of the catalyst production facility .

Moreover , the U.S. and worldwide ammonia business is struggling because of slumping domestic demand and increased global capacity for the product and other nitrogen fertilizers derived from it , such as urea .
moreover , the u.s. and worldwide ammonia business is struggling because of slumping domestic demand and increased global [ability] for the product and other nitrogen fertilizers derived from it , such as urea .

Nevertheless , more capacity is scheduled to come on in the U.S. during the near future .
nevertheless , more [ability] is scheduled to come on in the u.s. during the near future .

In addition , 1.2 million tons of capacity is being built in Trinidad and Venezuela .
in addition , 1.2 million tons of [ability] is being built in trinidad and venezuela .

Algeria and the former Soviet Union have also added significant capacity .
algeria and the former soviet union have also added significant [ability] .

Since urea production is performed on a worldwide basis , plants producing urea would be able to expand their capacity if needed .
since urea production is performed on a worldwide basis , plants producing urea would be able to expand their [ability] if needed .

Capacity in the U.S. is equal to 465 million pounds/yr , or 233,000 tons.49 Both of these numbers include both granular and powdered carbon , powdered being preferable to granular for ACI applications .
[ability] in the u.s. is equal to 465 million pounds/yr , or 233,000 tons.49 both of these numbers include both granular and powdered carbon , powdered being preferable to granular for aci applications .

U.S. demand is projected to grow to 454 million pounds , or about 227,000 tons , in 2004.49 However , large underutilized capacity overseas will provide a ready supply of potential imports , which will tend to limit price increases for most grades.49 The competition from Chinese and South-East Asian producers remains strong.50 Chinese exports quadrupled from 53,230 tons in 1995 to 224,331 tons in 1997 , with the average product cost dropping by 16 percent to 660/ton .
u.s. demand is projected to grow to 454 million pounds , or about 227,000 tons , in 2004.49 however , large underutilized [ability] overseas will provide a ready supply of potential imports , which will tend to limit price increases for most grades.49 the competition from chinese and south-east asian producers remains strong.50 chinese exports quadrupled from 53,230 tons in 1995 to 224,331 tons in 1997 , with the average product cost dropping by 16 percent to 660/ton .

AC producers are concentrating increasingly on the Asia-Pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs ; reported capacity expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for Asia-Pacific and Russia.50 According to Norit , the largest supplier of AC for air pollution control purposes , there is currently adequate excess capacity to accommodate significant growth in the demand ( tens of millions of pounds/yr , or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr ) .51 However , depending upon how much growth occurs as a result of regulation , additional capacity may be necessary .
ac producers are concentrating increasingly on the asia-pacific region to exploit growing markets and take advantage of lower production costs ; reported [ability] expansions of over 15,000 tons/yr are all planned for asia-pacific and russia.50 according to norit , the largest supplier of ac for air pollution control purposes , there is currently adequate excess [ability] to accommodate significant growth in the demand ( tens of millions of pounds/yr , or roughly tens of thousands of tons/yr ) .51 however , depending upon how much growth occurs as a result of regulation , additional [ability] may be necessary .

EPA estimated that , of the total 1,300 MWe to be retrofit by 2020 with ACI , all of that capacity would have existing fabric filters .
epa estimated that , of the total 1,300 mwe to be retrofit by 2020 with aci , all of that [ability] would have existing fabric filters .

As mentioned before , EPA 's modeling indicates that none of the total MWe of ACI retrofits will include a PJFF.36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology ( this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5 ) .
as mentioned before , epa 's modeling indicates that none of the total mwe of aci retrofits will include a pjff.36 ac usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total mwe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology ( this assumes an average [ability] factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of tables 4-4 and 4-5 ) .

Based upon this analysis , it is possible that existing excess capacity in AC production could adequately address the increased demand for AC .
based upon this analysis , it is possible that existing excess [ability] in ac production could adequately address the increased demand for ac .

Even if ACI is more broadly used than anticipated by EPA ( more than 1,300 MWe ) , it is clear that with at least 2-3 years of preparation time to build more production capacity the AC industry can accommodate any additional demand .
even if aci is more broadly used than anticipated by epa ( more than 1,300 mwe ) , it is clear that with at least 2-3 years of preparation time to build more production [ability] the ac industry can accommodate any additional demand .

The availability of resources was based on their current market demand and does not reflect the increased production capacity that a multipollutant strategy may create .
the availability of resources was based on their current market demand and does not reflect the increased production [ability] that a multipollutant strategy may create .

Modern FGD systems typically use fewer and smaller absorbers and increasingly control greater amounts of generating capacity using common absorbers fed by multiple boilers .
modern fgd systems typically use fewer and smaller absorbers and increasingly control greater amounts of generating [ability] using common absorbers fed by multiple boilers .

Under the Clear Skies Act , three absorber systems for six boilers are anticipated to handle 2,400 MWe of capacity .
under the clear skies act , three absorber systems for six boilers are anticipated to handle 2,400 mwe of [ability] .

The total demand for additional FGD installations will be modest and is expected to be well within the anticipated steel capacity , even with demands from other applications .
the total demand for additional fgd installations will be modest and is expected to be well within the anticipated steel [ability] , even with demands from other applications .

Even with the assumption that all new FGD capacity will require limestone , the amount of limestone needed as a reagent is projected to be within availability of supply .
even with the assumption that all new fgd [ability] will require limestone , the amount of limestone needed as a reagent is projected to be within availability of supply .

In Table 7-1 the Supply Basis may be current U.S. demand , capacity available to U.S. users , or other basis as appropriate and described in the table notes .
in table 7-1 the supply basis may be current u.s. demand , [ability] available to u.s. users , or other basis as appropriate and described in the table notes .

There is also ample SCR catalyst capacity to supply this market .
there is also ample scr catalyst [ability] to supply this market .

In fact , there is currently a worldwide excess capacity problem for suppliers of these commodity chemicals that are traded globally .
in fact , there is currently a worldwide excess [ability] problem for suppliers of these commodity chemicals that are traded globally .

Although U.S. demand for activated carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently substantial excess capacity that can readily provide for this increase in demand .
although u.s. demand for activated carbon is expected to increase by a small amount as a result of a multipollutant strategy , activated carbon is traded on a global basis , and there is currently substantial excess [ability] that can readily provide for this increase in demand .

In 1999 , then-Governor Bush signed legislation that permanently caps NOx and SO2 emissions from older power plants in Texas starting in 2003 and requires utilities to install a certain quantity of renewable and clean energy capacity by 2009 .
in 1999 , then-governor bush signed legislation that permanently caps nox and so2 emissions from older power plants in texas starting in 2003 and requires utilities to install a certain quantity of renewable and clean energy [ability] by 2009 .

For the purposes of this subpart , existing units shall not include simple combustion turbines , or units which serve a generator with a nameplate capacity of 25 MWe or less .
for the purposes of this subpart , existing units shall not include simple combustion turbines , or units which serve a generator with a nameplate [ability] of 25 mwe or less .

His plan , called MAXCAP 05 , was unveiled in 2000 : it set the goal of bringing the Bureau to its `` maximum feasible capacity '' in counterterrorism by 2005 .
his plan , called maxcap 05 , was unveiled in 2000 : it set the goal of bringing the bureau to its `` maximum feasible [ability] '' in counterterrorism by 2005 .

In a report provided to Director Robert Mueller in September 2001 , one year after Watson presented his plan to field executives , almost every FBI field office was assessed to be operating below `` maximum capacity . ''
in a report provided to director robert mueller in september 2001 , one year after watson presented his plan to field executives , almost every fbi field office was assessed to be operating below `` maximum [ability] . ''

Heeding calls for improved air service , Congress concentrated its efforts on a `` passenger bill of rights , '' to improve capacity , efficiency , and customer satisfaction in the aviation system .
heeding calls for improved air service , congress concentrated its efforts on a `` passenger bill of rights , '' to improve [ability] , efficiency , and customer satisfaction in the aviation system .

This strategy also placed great emphasis on close relations with foreign liaison services , whose help was needed to gain information that the United States itself did not have the capacity to collect .
this strategy also placed great emphasis on close relations with foreign liaison services , whose help was needed to gain information that the united states itself did not have the [ability] to collect .

Another set of experiences that would affect the capacity of the CIA to cope with the new terrorism traced back to the early Cold War , when the Agency developed a concern , bordering on paranoia , about penetration by the Soviet KGB .
another set of experiences that would affect the [ability] of the cia to cope with the new terrorism traced back to the early cold war , when the agency developed a concern , bordering on paranoia , about penetration by the soviet kgb .

A CIA inspector general 's report in 1994 criticized the Center 's capacity to provide warning of terrorist attacks .
a cia inspector general 's report in 1994 criticized the center 's [ability] to provide warning of terrorist attacks .

At least for the CIA , part of the burden in tackling terrorism arose from the background we have described : an organization capable of attracting extraordinarily motivated people but institutionally averse to risk , with its capacity for covert action atrophied , predisposed to restrict the distribution of information , having difficulty assimilating new types of personnel , and accustomed to presenting descriptive reportage of the latest intelligence .
at least for the cia , part of the burden in tackling terrorism arose from the background we have described : an organization capable of attracting extraordinarily motivated people but institutionally averse to risk , with its [ability] for covert action atrophied , predisposed to restrict the distribution of information , having difficulty assimilating new types of personnel , and accustomed to presenting descriptive reportage of the latest intelligence .

A subtler and more serious danger is that as the NSC staff is consumed by these day-to-day tasks , it has less capacity to find the time and detachment needed to advise a president on larger policy issues .
a subtler and more serious danger is that as the nsc staff is consumed by these day-to-day tasks , it has less [ability] to find the time and detachment needed to advise a president on larger policy issues .

Weak capacity to set priorities and move resources .
weak [ability] to set priorities and move resources .

The directorate has not yet developed the capacity to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from Homeland Security 's own component agencies , such as the Coast Guard , Secret Service , Transportation Security Administration , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and Customs and Border Protection .
the directorate has not yet developed the [ability] to perform one of its assigned jobs , which is to assimilate and analyze information from homeland security 's own component agencies , such as the coast guard , secret service , transportation security administration , immigration and customs enforcement , and customs and border protection .

The CIA 's institutional capacity for such direct action was weak , especially if it was not working jointly with the U.S. military .
the cia 's institutional [ability] for such direct action was weak , especially if it was not working jointly with the u.s. military .

The purpose of all this training was twofold : to develop an institutional capacity for document forgery and to enable operatives to make necessary adjustments in the field .
the purpose of all this training was twofold : to develop an institutional [ability] for document forgery and to enable operatives to make necessary adjustments in the field .

The CIA 's capacity to conduct paramilitary operations with its own personnel was not large , and the Agency did not seek a large-scale general expansion of these capabilities before 9/11 .
the cia 's [ability] to conduct paramilitary operations with its own personnel was not large , and the agency did not seek a large-scale general expansion of these capabilities before 9/11 .

The 56 passengers represented a load factor of 33.33 percent of the airplane 's seating capacity of 168 , below the 49.22 percent for Flight 175 on Tuesdays in the three-month period prior to September 11 , 2001 .
the 56 passengers represented a load factor of 33.33 percent of the airplane 's seating [ability] of 168 , below the 49.22 percent for flight 175 on tuesdays in the three-month period prior to september 11 , 2001 .

The 37 passengers represented a load factor of 20.33 percent of the plane 's seating capacity of 182 , considerably below the 52.09 percent for Flight 93 on Tuesdays in the three-month period prior to September 11 ( June 11-September 4 , 2001 ) .
the 37 passengers represented a load factor of 20.33 percent of the plane 's seating [ability] of 182 , considerably below the 52.09 percent for flight 93 on tuesdays in the three-month period prior to september 11 ( june 11-september 4 , 2001 ) .

The attacks of September 11 , 2001 overwhelmed the response capacity of most of the local jurisdictions where the hijacked airliners crashed .
the attacks of september 11 , 2001 overwhelmed the response [ability] of most of the local jurisdictions where the hijacked airliners crashed .

It carried its full capacity of nine flight attendants .
it carried its full [ability] of nine flight attendants .

Those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's capacity to obtain timely and accurate information from its own sources .
those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's [ability] to obtain timely and accurate information from its own sources .

While tasks like the number comparison discussed above can be usefully divided into stages , some components may deal with simultaneous operations and may be limited only by a total capacity of central mechanisms .
while tasks like the number comparison discussed above can be usefully divided into stages , some components may deal with simultaneous operations and may be limited only by a total [ability] of central mechanisms .

It may be that our capacity for rapid reversal learning is sometimes used for less than noble pursuits , both in science and in interpersonal relations in general , but we would be in real trouble if we could n't learn to change .
it may be that our [ability] for rapid reversal learning is sometimes used for less than noble pursuits , both in science and in interpersonal relations in general , but we would be in real trouble if we could n't learn to change .

The capacity for inheritance is fundamentally a consequence of DNA 's general molecular structure , and not of its sequence per se , as Watson and Crick ( 1953 ) , and indeed Muller ( 1922 ) long before them , well appreciated .
the [ability] for inheritance is fundamentally a consequence of dna 's general molecular structure , and not of its sequence per se , as watson and crick ( 1953 ) , and indeed muller ( 1922 ) long before them , well appreciated .

Muller did not know that genes are made of DNA , but he did realize that , whatever genes were made of , they must have a general capacity to replicate , regardless of the information they carry ( Muller 1922 ) .
muller did not know that genes are made of dna , but he did realize that , whatever genes were made of , they must have a general [ability] to replicate , regardless of the information they carry ( muller 1922 ) .

Plant biologists have been fascinated by the regulatory capacity of phytohormones since the time of their discovery , and the notion that hormone levels or responses could be manipulated to improve desired plant traits has long been an area of intense interest .
plant biologists have been fascinated by the regulatory [ability] of phytohormones since the time of their discovery , and the notion that hormone levels or responses could be manipulated to improve desired plant traits has long been an area of intense interest .

Graham attended the roundtable in his own personal capacity and was not representing the FDA .
graham attended the roundtable in his own personal [ability] and was not representing the fda .

The front of the brain is where information from the rest of the brain is interpreted , and the capacity to interpret information underlies social interactions , says Dunbar .
the front of the brain is where information from the rest of the brain is interpreted , and the [ability] to interpret information underlies social interactions , says dunbar .

Therefore , there is a clear need for `` capacity building '' —development of a research infrastructure , in terms of both equipment and personnel , that is capable of coping with the challenges of clinical trials .
therefore , there is a clear need for `` [ability] building '' —development of a research infrastructure , in terms of both equipment and personnel , that is capable of coping with the challenges of clinical trials .

In addition , partnerships need to be brokered with national programs in Africa to ensure that the new capacity can be sustained over time .
in addition , partnerships need to be brokered with national programs in africa to ensure that the new [ability] can be sustained over time .

Mobilization of political will within Africa will be essential if research capacity is to be sustained for the long term .
mobilization of political will within africa will be essential if research [ability] is to be sustained for the long term .

In addition to the public release of information , strategies should include supporting research on pathways of health inequities and interventions ; building capacity for analyzing information and developing interventions ; encouraging demand for equity-sensitive data in government and the public ; and supporting broad participation in the promotion of health equity .
in addition to the public release of information , strategies should include supporting research on pathways of health inequities and interventions ; building [ability] for analyzing information and developing interventions ; encouraging demand for equity-sensitive data in government and the public ; and supporting broad participation in the promotion of health equity .

Using a separate 103-item survey instrument , we obtained information about each facility 's capacity , resources , and policies from the person in charge of the facility .
using a separate 103-item survey instrument , we obtained information about each facility 's [ability] , resources , and policies from the person in charge of the facility .

These adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral replication capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .
these adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral replication [ability] [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .

The Sea Grant program in conjunction with interested business , is also currently assessing the carrying capacity of open-water pens as well as their potential environmental impact .
the sea grant program in conjunction with interested business , is also currently assessing the carrying [ability] of open-water pens as well as their potential environmental impact .

Undoubtedly , scientific effort will continue to inform both conservationists and industry about fisheries ' capacity and potential recovery options .
undoubtedly , scientific effort will continue to inform both conservationists and industry about fisheries ' [ability] and potential recovery options .

Meeting this need would require a tremendous increase in financing , human capacity and infrastructure that might not be attainable .
meeting this need would require a tremendous increase in financing , human [ability] and infrastructure that might not be attainable .

In its plan the Enterprise presents itself as a global endeavor and emphasizes the need for integration and capacity building around the world .
in its plan the enterprise presents itself as a global endeavor and emphasizes the need for integration and [ability] building around the world .

The plan focuses on specific scientific roadblocks that need to be overcome , but also looks ahead and mentions the need to build capacity for product manufacturing and clinical trials , and to address regulatory issues .
the plan focuses on specific scientific roadblocks that need to be overcome , but also looks ahead and mentions the need to build [ability] for product manufacturing and clinical trials , and to address regulatory issues .

This issue of PLoS Biology contains two “ human ” studies that met our criteria for excellence and originality , a paper by Howard Chang and colleagues ( found at DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020007 ) on the microarray analysis of tumors and one by Sarah Rowland-Jones and coworkers ( found at DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020020 ) that examines how HIV exhausts the capacity of the immune system .
this issue of plos biology contains two “ human ” studies that met our criteria for excellence and originality , a paper by howard chang and colleagues ( found at doi : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020007 ) on the microarray analysis of tumors and one by sarah rowland-jones and coworkers ( found at doi : 10.1371/journal.pbio.0020020 ) that examines how hiv exhausts the [ability] of the immune system .

The number of MSCs that can be obtained from a single donor is limited , and the capacity of these cells for long-term proliferation is rather poor .
the number of mscs that can be obtained from a single donor is limited , and the [ability] of these cells for long-term proliferation is rather poor .

In particular , even a low level of viremia correlates with a low or undetectable frequency of interleukin-2-producing HIV-1-specific memory CD4+ T cells endowed with proliferative capacity in vitro [ 36,37,38,39 ] , thus abrogating CD4+ T cell help crucial to maintain efficacy of CD8+ T cell functions .
in particular , even a low level of viremia correlates with a low or undetectable frequency of interleukin-2-producing hiv-1-specific memory cd4+ t cells endowed with proliferative [ability] in vitro [ 36,37,38,39 ] , thus abrogating cd4+ t cell help crucial to maintain efficacy of cd8+ t cell functions .

Graham was speaking in his own capacity and was not representing the FDA .
graham was speaking in his own [ability] and was not representing the fda .

Indeed , while an athlete 's muscle fiber type is an important morphological component and is related to several contractile and metabolic properties ( see Table 1 ) , other physiological factors ( e.g. , VO 2max , maximal cardiac output , and speed/power output at the lactate threshold ) are more likely to determine the upper limits of endurance capacity ( Coyle 1995 ; Hawley and Stepto 2001 ) .
indeed , while an athlete 's muscle fiber type is an important morphological component and is related to several contractile and metabolic properties ( see table 1 ) , other physiological factors ( e.g. , vo 2max , maximal cardiac output , and speed/power output at the lactate threshold ) are more likely to determine the upper limits of endurance [ability] ( coyle 1995 ; hawley and stepto 2001 ) .

Similarly , with ageing and physical inactivity , two other conditions associated with ST-toFT fiber-type transformation , oxidative capacity and insulin sensitivity , are diminished ( Papa 1996 ) .
similarly , with ageing and physical inactivity , two other conditions associated with st-toft fiber-type transformation , oxidative [ability] and insulin sensitivity , are diminished ( papa 1996 ) .

Calcium-dependent Ca 2+ /calmodulin kinase activity is also upregulated by slow motor neuron activity , possibly because it amplifies the slow-type calcineurin-generated responses by promoting MEF2 transactivator functions and enhancing oxidative capacity through stimulation of mitochondrial biogenesis ( Wu et al .
calcium-dependent ca 2+ /calmodulin kinase activity is also upregulated by slow motor neuron activity , possibly because it amplifies the slow-type calcineurin-generated responses by promoting mef2 transactivator functions and enhancing oxidative [ability] through stimulation of mitochondrial biogenesis ( wu et al .

Its ability to reveal function , not merely structure , distinguishes fMRI from static neuroimaging techniques such as CT scanning , and its capacity to highlight the neural substrates of decisions , emotions , and deceptions has propelled fMRI into the popular consciousness .
its ability to reveal function , not merely structure , distinguishes fmri from static neuroimaging techniques such as ct scanning , and its [ability] to highlight the neural substrates of decisions , emotions , and deceptions has propelled fmri into the popular consciousness .

The anti-tumor potential of TAA-specific CD8+ T cells has been illustrated by the demonstrated capacity of adoptive T cell therapy to reduce tumor size [ 1 ] .
the anti-tumor potential of taa-specific cd8+ t cells has been illustrated by the demonstrated [ability] of adoptive t cell therapy to reduce tumor size [ 1 ] .

Vaccine-Elicited T Cells Have Varied Capacity to Lyse Melanoma Targets To confirm and further investigate the differences in tumor reactivity between endogenous and vaccine-elicited responses , we reasoned that analysis of a set of clonal CTL lines that represented the tetramer-positive population would provide an accurate estimate of the complexity of the TAA-specific T cell response in each patient .
vaccine-elicited t cells have varied [ability] to lyse melanoma targets to confirm and further investigate the differences in tumor reactivity between endogenous and vaccine-elicited responses , we reasoned that analysis of a set of clonal ctl lines that represented the tetramer-positive population would provide an accurate estimate of the complexity of the taa-specific t cell response in each patient .

This suggests that the high dosage of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding capacity of heteroclitic peptides to MHC molecules—the very quality that provides them with increased immunogenicity—drive the induction of many T cells with low RE for both heteroclitic and native peptides .
this suggests that the high dosage of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding [ability] of heteroclitic peptides to mhc molecules—the very quality that provides them with increased immunogenicity—drive the induction of many t cells with low re for both heteroclitic and native peptides .

About two decades ago , it became widely appreciated that many of the cell surface receptors that mediate cell–cell and cell–ECM interactions were structurally and functionally related , and the term “ integrins ” was coined to reflect the capacity of members of this family to integrate the extracellular and intracellular environment ( Hynes 1987 ) .
about two decades ago , it became widely appreciated that many of the cell surface receptors that mediate cell–cell and cell–ecm interactions were structurally and functionally related , and the term “ integrins ” was coined to reflect the [ability] of members of this family to integrate the extracellular and intracellular environment ( hynes 1987 ) .

The immune system has a remarkable capacity for fending off infectious diseases , and it has become clear that these same defenses can recognize and destroy cancer cells .
the immune system has a remarkable [ability] for fending off infectious diseases , and it has become clear that these same defenses can recognize and destroy cancer cells .

The authors suggest that the high doses of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding capacity of heteroclitic peptides to major histocompatibility complex molecules—the very quality that makes them more immunogenic—induce many T cells with low recognition efficiency for the native peptides they encounter on the tumor cells .
the authors suggest that the high doses of peptides administered in vaccinations and the increased binding [ability] of heteroclitic peptides to major histocompatibility complex molecules—the very quality that makes them more immunogenic—induce many t cells with low recognition efficiency for the native peptides they encounter on the tumor cells .

This interest in using scientific knowledge to enhance the regenerative capacity in humans is not new .
this interest in using scientific knowledge to enhance the regenerative [ability] in humans is not new .

To achieve this goal , they must first learn how nature has already solved the problem of regeneration and then use this information to enhance the regenerative capacity in mammals .
to achieve this goal , they must first learn how nature has already solved the problem of regeneration and then use this information to enhance the regenerative [ability] in mammals .

Transgenic frogs carrying a constitutively active Notch-1 receptor will regenerate their notochords and spinal cords but exhibit little or no muscle regeneration , suggesting that Notch-1 signaling alone can not rescue complete regenerative capacity in frog tadpoles ( Beck et al .
transgenic frogs carrying a constitutively active notch-1 receptor will regenerate their notochords and spinal cords but exhibit little or no muscle regeneration , suggesting that notch-1 signaling alone can not rescue complete regenerative [ability] in frog tadpoles ( beck et al .

It would also improve capacity planning for high-tech and specialized services , thereby ensuring appropriate access without excessive queues [ 15 ] .
it would also improve [ability] planning for high-tech and specialized services , thereby ensuring appropriate access without excessive queues [ 15 ] .

Warming and humidification presumably enhance the odor-stimulating capacity of the inhaled air , but cleaning would remove odor molecules by absorbing them into the lining of the epithelium , an effect which could be large depending on the size of the filtering apparatus .
warming and humidification presumably enhance the odor-stimulating [ability] of the inhaled air , but cleaning would remove odor molecules by absorbing them into the lining of the epithelium , an effect which could be large depending on the size of the filtering apparatus .

Rather than being restricted to a tiny part of the brain , olfactory processing of complex smells , such as those produced by human cuisines , draws on the enlarged processing capacity of the human brain .
rather than being restricted to a tiny part of the brain , olfactory processing of complex smells , such as those produced by human cuisines , draws on the enlarged processing [ability] of the human brain .

Language Is Necessary for Human Smell In the enlarged processing capacity for perceiving and discriminating odors , language plays a critical role .
language is necessary for human smell in the enlarged processing [ability] for perceiving and discriminating odors , language plays a critical role .

From the grafting experiments to date , it is now evident that the transporting capacity of the vascular tissue bypass that is formed at the graft junction does not fully reach the level of the original vascular tissue .
from the grafting experiments to date , it is now evident that the transporting [ability] of the vascular tissue bypass that is formed at the graft junction does not fully reach the level of the original vascular tissue .

All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity ( and , truth be told , with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in ) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open .
all of our six summer camping sessions are booked to [ability] ( and , truth be told , with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in ) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open .

Today we can readily buy lap-top computers with data storage capacity far greater than that entire IBM factory could have offered .
today we can readily buy lap-top computers with data storage [ability] far greater than that entire ibm factory could have offered .

Further , the brain 's capacity to take in and re-view sensory input led to the development of neural pathways that could access and perceive or experience the occurrence of review and cogitate on the process itself .
further , the brain 's [ability] to take in and re-view sensory input led to the development of neural pathways that could access and perceive or experience the occurrence of review and cogitate on the process itself .

For both these to be true , rich countries would have to be losing jobs and productive capacity and getting richer at the same time , even as developing countries would be taking away jobs , growing faster , and yet getting poorer .
for both these to be true , rich countries would have to be losing jobs and productive [ability] and getting richer at the same time , even as developing countries would be taking away jobs , growing faster , and yet getting poorer .

Tarantino , notably , manipulates our capacity to be aroused by death .
tarantino , notably , manipulates our [ability] to be aroused by death .

Capacity is both howmuch of a thing there is and how much it can do .
[ability] is both howmuch of a thing there is and how much it can do .

She thinks that while the U.S. economy will continue to grow healthily , Europe has more unused capacity than the U.S. and its interest rates are comparable or lower .
she thinks that while the u.s. economy will continue to grow healthily , europe has more unused [ability] than the u.s. and its interest rates are comparable or lower .

Of particular concern is NATO 's capacity to protect the 2000 unarmed international monitors arriving in Kosovo to oversee the implementation of the Holbrooke-Milosevic deal .
of particular concern is nato 's [ability] to protect the 2000 unarmed international monitors arriving in kosovo to oversee the implementation of the holbrooke-milosevic deal .

Of course , Web aficionados should take care not to be too scornful of the old-style printing press 's capacity to reproduce images ad absurdum , since the Web has vastly expanded it .
of course , web aficionados should take care not to be too scornful of the old-style printing press 's [ability] to reproduce images ad absurdum , since the web has vastly expanded it .

Better to take the bitter medicine now -- to let unemployment rise , to force companies to purge themselves of redundant capacity -- than to postpone the day of reckoning .
better to take the bitter medicine now -- to let unemployment rise , to force companies to purge themselves of redundant [ability] -- than to postpone the day of reckoning .

Just to see someone with a capacity for joy is my own personal joy .
just to see someone with a [ability] for joy is my own personal joy .

We know why she packs her bags after that and could have done without Dafoe 's concluding lines about the lives of boys and men beaten by their fathers whose capacity for love and hope has been destroyed at birth .
we know why she packs her bags after that and could have done without dafoe 's concluding lines about the lives of boys and men beaten by their fathers whose [ability] for love and hope has been destroyed at birth .

After his death in a skiing accident , the pop-singer-turned-congressman is elevated from a `` hen-pecked , dim bulb '' ( Jill Lawrence , USA Today ) to `` a symbol of the American capacity for reinvention '' ( Newsweek ) .
after his death in a skiing accident , the pop-singer-turned-congressman is elevated from a `` hen-pecked , dim bulb '' ( jill lawrence , usa today ) to `` a symbol of the american [ability] for reinvention '' ( newsweek ) .

This is especially foolish considering the Web 's capacity for instantaneous dissemination of information .
this is especially foolish considering the web 's [ability] for instantaneous dissemination of information .

Without doubt , constant intoxication of any form will hurt one 's work capacity .
without doubt , constant intoxication of any form will hurt one 's work [ability] .

The capacity for outrage has n't ( yet ) withered .
the [ability] for outrage has n't ( yet ) withered .

His capacity for gloom had ever equalled his capacity for work , but he could never have foreseen his worst musings out-galloped by the campaign of 1996 , a broken-backed stumble in which no error was too small to convert into an enormous problem .
his [ability] for gloom had ever equalled his [ability] for work , but he could never have foreseen his worst musings out-galloped by the campaign of 1996 , a broken-backed stumble in which no error was too small to convert into an enormous problem .

Thirty years earlier , almost to the week , Tynan was interviewed on BBC television in his capacity as literary director of Britain 's National Theater and asked if he would allow the theater to present a play in which sex took place on stage .
thirty years earlier , almost to the week , tynan was interviewed on bbc television in his [ability] as literary director of britain 's national theater and asked if he would allow the theater to present a play in which sex took place on stage .

If they have lost that power through overuse , it 's perfectly plausible to say that their capacity to deter aggressive behavior has weakened as well .
if they have lost that power through overuse , it 's perfectly plausible to say that their [ability] to deter aggressive behavior has weakened as well .

Can tax reduction speed up the growth of the nation 's output and the incomes of the population by increasing saving , investment , work , education , enterprise , research , and other factors that determine our capacity to produce ?
can tax reduction speed up the growth of the nation 's output and the incomes of the population by increasing saving , investment , work , education , enterprise , research , and other factors that determine our [ability] to produce ?

Still , while the public might think twice about buying a used car from either `` Tricky Dick '' or `` Slick Willie , '' most people seemed willing , then as now , to make an independent judgment about the incumbent 's ability to govern -- especially when weighing it against the capacity of his challenger .
still , while the public might think twice about buying a used car from either `` tricky dick '' or `` slick willie , '' most people seemed willing , then as now , to make an independent judgment about the incumbent 's ability to govern -- especially when weighing it against the [ability] of his challenger .

Southern whites and blue-collar workers deserted the party , and its fund-raising capacity was debilitated for years to come among big donors and small givers alike .
southern whites and blue-collar workers deserted the party , and its fund-raising [ability] was debilitated for years to come among big donors and small givers alike .

If computers are getting more powerful , should n't we developers harness that capacity ?
if computers are getting more powerful , should n't we developers harness that [ability] ?

Many of these individuals do not have the capacity to `` hold it , '' as you or I do .
many of these individuals do not have the [ability] to `` hold it , '' as you or i do .

Writing in his capacity as president of Green Cross International , a nongovernmental environmental organization , Gorbachev called for a ban on weapons containing depleted uranium such as NATO used in Yugoslavia .
writing in his [ability] as president of green cross international , a nongovernmental environmental organization , gorbachev called for a ban on weapons containing depleted uranium such as nato used in yugoslavia .

In the past , sustained growth at more than about 2.5 percent eventually led to an overheated economy , one in which the pressure on scarce capacity led to accelerating inflation .
in the past , sustained growth at more than about 2.5 percent eventually led to an overheated economy , one in which the pressure on scarce [ability] led to accelerating inflation .

His proud reserve -- a product of 40 years in the spotlight -- is refreshing but does not bode well for his capacity to shepherd big ideas through Congress .
his proud reserve -- a product of 40 years in the spotlight -- is refreshing but does not bode well for his [ability] to shepherd big ideas through congress .

To keep Betsy and Arlene quiet about having seen G. Gordon Liddy ( Harry Shearer ) at both the Watergate and the White House , Nixon ( Dan Hedaya ) made them `` Official White House Dog Walkers '' -- in which capacity they stumbled on a room full of people shredding documents and counting piles of payoff money .
to keep betsy and arlene quiet about having seen g. gordon liddy ( harry shearer ) at both the watergate and the white house , nixon ( dan hedaya ) made them `` official white house dog walkers '' -- in which [ability] they stumbled on a room full of people shredding documents and counting piles of payoff money .

If I read it correctly , the movie is saying that American society is unjust and absurd and loveless -- full of people so afraid of seeming ordinary that they lose their capacity to see .
if i read it correctly , the movie is saying that american society is unjust and absurd and loveless -- full of people so afraid of seeming ordinary that they lose their [ability] to see .

Take this test to learn just how well you know his core beliefs and your own capacity for absorbing lackluster clichés .
take this test to learn just how well you know his core beliefs and your own [ability] for absorbing lackluster clichés .

The Jacksonville sheriff 's office had to close which park to vehicles after it filled to capacity on Memorial Day ?
the jacksonville sheriff 's office had to close which park to vehicles after it filled to [ability] on memorial day ?

Its only weapon was its now demonstrated capacity to mobilize mass protests and shock the world with violence .
its only weapon was its now demonstrated [ability] to mobilize mass protests and shock the world with violence .

In view of the grossness of some of the language selectively extracted from the tapes , I think it important to note that Nixon showed an appreciation of , and capacity for , good writing and wit .
in view of the grossness of some of the language selectively extracted from the tapes , i think it important to note that nixon showed an appreciation of , and [ability] for , good writing and wit .

Over that same time , the storage capacity of the average computer has grown by a factor of 250 .
over that same time , the storage [ability] of the average computer has grown by a factor of 250 .

The writer does not explore what might happen if , as critics fear , `` rogue states develop the capacity to attack our cities , '' as former U.N. delegate Jeane Kirkpatrick put it .
the writer does not explore what might happen if , as critics fear , `` rogue states develop the [ability] to attack our cities , '' as former u.n. delegate jeane kirkpatrick put it .

The capacity of `` good '' people to do , or at least tolerate , evil things should never surprise us .
the [ability] of `` good '' people to do , or at least tolerate , evil things should never surprise us .

Because chip prices have decreased even as capacity has risen , the computer processing power available to consumers at a given price has doubled even more quickly .
because chip prices have decreased even as [ability] has risen , the computer processing power available to consumers at a given price has doubled even more quickly .

This incentive system keeps opera companies lean and hungry -- and American opera houses filled near capacity .
this incentive system keeps opera companies lean and hungry -- and american opera houses filled near [ability] .

Indeed , many deny individuals and businesses broad freedom to consume precisely because their top priority is building national economic power -- especially productive capacity -- over the long haul .
indeed , many deny individuals and businesses broad freedom to consume precisely because their top priority is building national economic power -- especially productive [ability] -- over the long haul .

My Latin teacher believed that reading Latin -- any Latin -- made tiny grooves in your brain that increased your general intelligence -- not just your capacity to read Latin .
my latin teacher believed that reading latin -- any latin -- made tiny grooves in your brain that increased your general intelligence -- not just your [ability] to read latin .

There is a kind of pseudo-rebelliousness when the ant mocks the elephant , particularly when the ant works for the elephant in some insect-sized capacity .
there is a kind of pseudo-rebelliousness when the ant mocks the elephant , particularly when the ant works for the elephant in some insect-sized [ability] .

Targets were evidently chosen by race as well as by mental capacity .
targets were evidently chosen by race as well as by mental [ability] .

The Post quotes the research 's lead scientist as saying that the experiment raises issues of equal access to perfecting technology and that it 's an example of biology outpacing the culture 's capacity to deal with ethics .
the post quotes the research 's lead scientist as saying that the experiment raises issues of equal access to perfecting technology and that it 's an example of biology outpacing the culture 's [ability] to deal with ethics .

A long piece says Frank Sinatra 's massive lung capacity , skill with the microphone , and emotionalism made him America 's greatest singer .
a long piece says frank sinatra 's massive lung [ability] , skill with the microphone , and emotionalism made him america 's greatest singer .

García Márquez earns praise for his reporting , which demonstrates , says Robert Stone in the New York Times Book Review , `` a quick eye for the illuminating detail and a capacity for assembling fact . ''
garcía márquez earns praise for his reporting , which demonstrates , says robert stone in the new york times book review , `` a quick eye for the illuminating detail and a [ability] for assembling fact . ''

Current center capacity is estimated at some 5 million kids .
current center [ability] is estimated at some 5 million kids .

Let 's give Joe a job , a sense of responsibility , a life of achievement , and a capacity for being a loving husband and a sacrificing father .
let 's give joe a job , a sense of responsibility , a life of achievement , and a [ability] for being a loving husband and a sacrificing father .

Over the past few months in my cross-divisional capacity , I have been formulating plans for Microsoft to operate as a real player in the NY/LA Media and Entertainment nexus .
over the past few months in my cross-divisional [ability] , i have been formulating plans for microsoft to operate as a real player in the ny/la media and entertainment nexus .

I also had to overcome some grownup resistance to the books themselves , mostly owing to the atrophying of my capacity for the kind of flashlight-under-the-covers , breathless absorption you evoke so nicely .
i also had to overcome some grownup resistance to the books themselves , mostly owing to the atrophying of my [ability] for the kind of flashlight-under-the-covers , breathless absorption you evoke so nicely .

That the Harry Potter books restore this capacity with brilliant efficiency must be part of the reason they appeal to adults .
that the harry potter books restore this [ability] with brilliant efficiency must be part of the reason they appeal to adults .

European Union diplomats , similarly , were `` put out '' by the fact that the U.S. Embassy refused to brief them on the visit while the president was in Beijing and chose instead to send a standard press release to Britain in its then capacity as president of the EU .
european union diplomats , similarly , were `` put out '' by the fact that the u.s. embassy refused to brief them on the visit while the president was in beijing and chose instead to send a standard press release to britain in its then [ability] as president of the eu .

The Asian Age of New Delhi said that `` Pakistan is in a dilemma : to test or not to test , '' because ( contrary to Pakistan 's claims ) it `` definitely does not have the capacity '' to make a hydrogen bomb .
the asian age of new delhi said that `` pakistan is in a dilemma : to test or not to test , '' because ( contrary to pakistan 's claims ) it `` definitely does not have the [ability] '' to make a hydrogen bomb .

In Le Monde , an article by publisher Jean-Marie Colombani said the United States had squandered its `` immense prestige and capacity for action '' in the Middle East and would not recover it `` until such time as it forces the hand of Benjamin Netanyahu . ''
in le monde , an article by publisher jean-marie colombani said the united states had squandered its `` immense prestige and [ability] for action '' in the middle east and would not recover it `` until such time as it forces the hand of benjamin netanyahu . ''

Annan said he believes the agreement will hold because -- as has never happened before -- it was negotiated in person by Saddam ; he also said Bill Clinton had shown `` a great capacity for leadership '' in the Iraqi crisis by uniting diplomacy with a show of force .
annan said he believes the agreement will hold because -- as has never happened before -- it was negotiated in person by saddam ; he also said bill clinton had shown `` a great [ability] for leadership '' in the iraqi crisis by uniting diplomacy with a show of force .

With airlines flying at 77 percent capacity in August and the Dow Jones Transportation Index at record levels , it seemed like a good time for a 5 percent fare increase , which , says USAT , most of the major domestic airlines put into place last week .
with airlines flying at 77 percent [ability] in august and the dow jones transportation index at record levels , it seemed like a good time for a 5 percent fare increase , which , says usat , most of the major domestic airlines put into place last week .

Moreover , despite the popular view that neighborhoods are cozy and warm , they also have enormous capacity for pettiness and hostility .
moreover , despite the popular view that neighborhoods are cozy and warm , they also have enormous [ability] for pettiness and hostility .

If indeed -- following common wisdom -- he really did disparage `` the sexual capacity of women , '' the volume on the sexual response of the human female nonetheless contained all sorts of things he was not looking for .
if indeed -- following common wisdom -- he really did disparage `` the sexual [ability] of women , '' the volume on the sexual response of the human female nonetheless contained all sorts of things he was not looking for .

On the contrary , respect for the capacity of the materials always wins out over daring visual invention , but a staggering technical imagination has also been summoned .
on the contrary , respect for the [ability] of the materials always wins out over daring visual invention , but a staggering technical imagination has also been summoned .

A recent article in Science claimed to rebut Noam Chomsky 's theory that our capacity for language is hard-wired in a particular -- and uniquely human -- module of the brain .
a recent article in science claimed to rebut noam chomsky 's theory that our [ability] for language is hard-wired in a particular -- and uniquely human -- module of the brain .

A victory by Deep Blue would indicate its superior computational skills , but not a capacity for conscious thought .
a victory by deep blue would indicate its superior computational skills , but not a [ability] for conscious thought .

The papers see the deal as the beginning of a wave of consolidation in the auto business , brought on by excess manufacturing capacity .
the papers see the deal as the beginning of a wave of consolidation in the auto business , brought on by excess manufacturing [ability] .

It is believed this marks the first time one sitting member of Congress has sued another in his personal capacity .
it is believed this marks the first time one sitting member of congress has sued another in his personal [ability] .

This , in turn , has produced a sharp increase in the rate of growth that the U.S. economy can achieve without running up against capacity limits .
this , in turn , has produced a sharp increase in the rate of growth that the u.s. economy can achieve without running up against [ability] limits .

An overall excess of production capacity ( compared to what ? )
an overall excess of production [ability] ( compared to what ? )

Japan has many inefficiencies that limit its productive capacity -- too many mom-and-pop stores , not enough computerization in the office , and so on -- but inefficiency per se is not the immediate problem .
japan has many inefficiencies that limit its productive [ability] -- too many mom-and-pop stores , not enough computerization in the office , and so on -- but inefficiency per se is not the immediate problem .

Perhaps because of its aging population , perhaps also because of a general nervousness about the future , the Japanese public does not appear willing to spend enough to use the economy 's capacity , even at a zero interest rate .
perhaps because of its aging population , perhaps also because of a general nervousness about the future , the japanese public does not appear willing to spend enough to use the economy 's [ability] , even at a zero interest rate .

I like them and admire them to some degree , although I do not think they have worked up to their capacity .
i like them and admire them to some degree , although i do not think they have worked up to their [ability] .

Later he served in the same capacity on the Macedonian front and then , as Britain relaxed its standards in its need for cannon fodder , in an infantry battalion .
later he served in the same [ability] on the macedonian front and then , as britain relaxed its standards in its need for cannon fodder , in an infantry battalion .

That was when a platoon of IRS agents , who had been denied entrance when they came to boogie , returned in a more official capacity .
that was when a platoon of irs agents , who had been denied entrance when they came to boogie , returned in a more official [ability] .

This is not the same thing as leafing through the Merck Manual and imagining that one possesses every symptom ; rather , it is a measure of Sacks ' imaginative capacity for feeling empathy , and for transmitting the same .
this is not the same thing as leafing through the merck manual and imagining that one possesses every symptom ; rather , it is a measure of sacks ' imaginative [ability] for feeling empathy , and for transmitting the same .

Like Inez Victor , the wife of a vacuous politician in Democracy ( 1985 ) , she is quickly mastering a `` capacity for passive detachment . ''
like inez victor , the wife of a vacuous politician in democracy ( 1985 ) , she is quickly mastering a `` [ability] for passive detachment . ''

The bleakest lesson of After the Madness is perhaps that prison has lost its capacity to shock .
the bleakest lesson of after the madness is perhaps that prison has lost its [ability] to shock .

In the sphere of international aid , it is pretty clear that the infusion of Western food and cash has often undermined the determination and capacity of developing states to pull themselves up by their own bootstraps .
in the sphere of international aid , it is pretty clear that the infusion of western food and cash has often undermined the determination and [ability] of developing states to pull themselves up by their own bootstraps .

If one of Bush 's b-school classmates had already given $ 1,000 in his capacity as , say , an electric utility executive , his contribution would have been counted under `` # 1178 '' as part of Tom Kuhn 's tally .
if one of bush 's b-school classmates had already given $ 1,000 in his [ability] as , say , an electric utility executive , his contribution would have been counted under `` # 1178 '' as part of tom kuhn 's tally .

In case you missed the Globe story , or Ted Koppel 's uncharacteristically clumsy interrogation of McCain last night on Nightline , or the newspaper follow-ups today , here 's what we know : In November , and again in December , McCain , in his capacity as chairman of the Senate Commerce committee , wrote testy letters to the FCC demanding swift action on Paxson Communications ' proposed acquisition of a Pittsburgh TV station .
in case you missed the globe story , or ted koppel 's uncharacteristically clumsy interrogation of mccain last night on nightline , or the newspaper follow-ups today , here 's what we know : in november , and again in december , mccain , in his [ability] as chairman of the senate commerce committee , wrote testy letters to the fcc demanding swift action on paxson communications ' proposed acquisition of a pittsburgh tv station .

Most estimates suggest that OPEC countries are pumping out 28 million barrels a day already -- the quota increase is designed mainly to allow to bring its share of the world market more in sync with its enormous capacity .
most estimates suggest that opec countries are pumping out 28 million barrels a day already -- the quota increase is designed mainly to allow to bring its share of the world market more in sync with its enormous [ability] .

Button 's difficult maneuvers show that the plane functioned well and that he had full consciousness and capacity .
button 's difficult maneuvers show that the plane functioned well and that he had full consciousness and [ability] .

In addition , as I 've pointed out here before , the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity , so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding .
in addition , as i 've pointed out here before , the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess [ability] , so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding .

Such seems to be the curious strategy of the world auto industry in the late 1990s , as it grapples with prices that are actually declining , demand that 's stagnant , and production capacity that , against all good sense , just keeps getting bigger .
such seems to be the curious strategy of the world auto industry in the late 1990s , as it grapples with prices that are actually declining , demand that 's stagnant , and production [ability] that , against all good sense , just keeps getting bigger .

Similarly , Mexico 's output -- two-thirds of which will be exported -- is expected to rise 10 percent a year for the next three years , while even the Japanese , whose car companies are among the only bright spots in a forlorn economy , are adding to capacity .
similarly , mexico 's output -- two-thirds of which will be exported -- is expected to rise 10 percent a year for the next three years , while even the japanese , whose car companies are among the only bright spots in a forlorn economy , are adding to [ability] .

Delegates chalked up the collapse to `` the complexity and novelty of the issues , [ which ] strained the capacity of delegations to make decisions . ''
delegates chalked up the collapse to `` the complexity and novelty of the issues , [ which ] strained the [ability] of delegations to make decisions . ''

At this point , they testify mainly to the capacity of the Internet to take something interesting -- like a discussion with President Clinton -- and make it unbearably dull .
at this point , they testify mainly to the [ability] of the internet to take something interesting -- like a discussion with president clinton -- and make it unbearably dull .

Gould , without conspicuously positing a simplistic dichotomy , has posited a simplistic dichotomy : Every behavior -- infidelity , genocide , whatever -- is either a mere `` capacity '' or an `` inevitability . ''
gould , without conspicuously positing a simplistic dichotomy , has posited a simplistic dichotomy : every behavior -- infidelity , genocide , whatever -- is either a mere `` [ability] '' or an `` inevitability . ''

Evolutionary psychologists , Gould suggests , tend to take the `` inevitability '' view , while a more discerning interpretation of biology ( his ) takes the `` capacity '' view .
evolutionary psychologists , gould suggests , tend to take the `` inevitability '' view , while a more discerning interpretation of biology ( his ) takes the `` [ability] '' view .

The key point is this : Is n't the range of alternatives to inevitability too broad to cram under the single heading of `` capacity '' ?
the key point is this : is n't the range of alternatives to inevitability too broad to cram under the single heading of `` [ability] '' ?

Do I just have the `` capacity '' to eat doughnuts and hamburgers and broccoli ?
do i just have the `` [ability] '' to eat doughnuts and hamburgers and broccoli ?

Gould ( in another sign of strategic retreat ) concedes that people have a biologically based `` capacity '' to view enemies as `` beyond fellowship and ripe for slaughter . ''
gould ( in another sign of strategic retreat ) concedes that people have a biologically based `` [ability] '' to view enemies as `` beyond fellowship and ripe for slaughter . ''

Those Serbs and Hutus may act like animals , but we Americans have kept our `` capacity '' for evil turned off .
those serbs and hutus may act like animals , but we americans have kept our `` [ability] '' for evil turned off .

The problem may not be a big , bureaucratic federal government -- after all , the U.S. national government still has proportionately less revenue-raising capacity and administrative heft than virtually any other advanced national state .
the problem may not be a big , bureaucratic federal government -- after all , the u.s. national government still has proportionately less revenue-raising [ability] and administrative heft than virtually any other advanced national state .

Add the other exchanges , the NASDAQ , real estate , and various other investments , and the growth in the economy 's capacity to produce real wealth shrinks into insignificance compared with the increase in `` wealth '' as perceived by the owners of these investments .
add the other exchanges , the nasdaq , real estate , and various other investments , and the growth in the economy 's [ability] to produce real wealth shrinks into insignificance compared with the increase in `` wealth '' as perceived by the owners of these investments .

There are two ways the present value of future earnings might have increased by 40 or 50 percent during a period when the economy 's general productive capacity increased by only 4 percent .
there are two ways the present value of future earnings might have increased by 40 or 50 percent during a period when the economy 's general productive [ability] increased by only 4 percent .

All told , the obstacles to intergroup harmony posed by human nature are big enough that there is little exaggeration in saying that xenophobia is a part of human nature , at least in this sense : Uncritical hostility toward an identifiable group of people -- identifiable by language , dress , color , whatever -- is an inherent capacity , activated under certain predictable circumstances .
all told , the obstacles to intergroup harmony posed by human nature are big enough that there is little exaggeration in saying that xenophobia is a part of human nature , at least in this sense : uncritical hostility toward an identifiable group of people -- identifiable by language , dress , color , whatever -- is an inherent [ability] , activated under certain predictable circumstances .

Often , therapeutic legislation exploits the electorate 's short attention span , its capacity to become suddenly obsessed with an issue and then -- especially if provided with legislative catharsis -- to forget it just as quickly .
often , therapeutic legislation exploits the electorate 's short attention span , its [ability] to become suddenly obsessed with an issue and then -- especially if provided with legislative catharsis -- to forget it just as quickly .

The economy is already running at or near its productive capacity .
the economy is already running at or near its productive [ability] .

The rated power of a country no longer rests on its steel capacity but on the quality of its science and application , through research and development , to new technology .
the rated power of a country no longer rests on its steel [ability] but on the quality of its science and application , through research and development , to new technology .

Science and scientists through their work have the capacity to steer society .
science and scientists through their work have the [ability] to steer society .

Gardner rejects the notion that intelligence is a `` single , general capacity '' that can be measured by taking a test .
gardner rejects the notion that intelligence is a `` single , general [ability] '' that can be measured by taking a test .

Depending on whose estimates you believe , the economy is operating anywhere from 6 percent to more than 10 percent below its capacity .
depending on whose estimates you believe , the economy is operating anywhere from 6 percent to more than 10 percent below its [ability] .

Zairian industry runs at only 10 percent of capacity .
zairian industry runs at only 10 percent of [ability] .

U.N. resolutions require that sanctions remain in place until Iraq destroys its capacity for creating chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons .
u.n. resolutions require that sanctions remain in place until iraq destroys its [ability] for creating chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons .

According to this theory , the affair exposes Clinton 's legendary capacity for empathy as a front for his fundamental rottenness .
according to this theory , the affair exposes clinton 's legendary [ability] for empathy as a front for his fundamental rottenness .

The public 's capacity for forgiveness only encourages Clinton 's rogue ways .
the public 's [ability] for forgiveness only encourages clinton 's rogue ways .

In his new private capacity , Barbour holds out the promise of being a very effective conduit himself .
in his new private [ability] , barbour holds out the promise of being a very effective conduit himself .

Their struggle underscores Moreau 's spiritual poverty and capacity for mischief .
their struggle underscores moreau 's spiritual poverty and [ability] for mischief .

Both men were blessed with a strong capacity for pure delight .
both men were blessed with a strong [ability] for pure delight .

Over and over , McTeer portrays a Nora with a capacity for feeling she herself refuses to recognize and a capacity for insight frustrated by her familial role .
over and over , mcteer portrays a nora with a [ability] for feeling she herself refuses to recognize and a [ability] for insight frustrated by her familial role .

The Washington Post leads with the report that in a speech yesterday , President Clinton held open the possibility that he will order U.S. troops to remain in Bosnia in some peacekeeping capacity even after the current NATO mission of which they are a part is terminated next year .
the washington post leads with the report that in a speech yesterday , president clinton held open the possibility that he will order u.s. troops to remain in bosnia in some peacekeeping [ability] even after the current nato mission of which they are a part is terminated next year .

As former Congressional Budget Office Director Robert Reischauer notes : With unemployment well below the 1980s average and considerably lower labor-force growth , the economy seems to be operating near capacity -- '' or , at least the Federal Reserve thinks it is , which is what counts . ''
as former congressional budget office director robert reischauer notes : with unemployment well below the 1980s average and considerably lower labor-force growth , the economy seems to be operating near [ability] -- '' or , at least the federal reserve thinks it is , which is what counts . ''

Appreciation of the competitive market 's marvelous capacity for self-regulation can be carried to extremes .
appreciation of the competitive market 's marvelous [ability] for self-regulation can be carried to extremes .

On the other hand , he is paid to make gutsy decisions , most of which cost a lot of money , and some of which have the capacity to turn out disastrously .
on the other hand , he is paid to make gutsy decisions , most of which cost a lot of money , and some of which have the [ability] to turn out disastrously .

A great deal of detail was presented in support of the thesis , from relatively tiny cranial capacity to the idea of peculiar Jewish feet and a peculiar Jewish smell .
a great deal of detail was presented in support of the thesis , from relatively tiny cranial [ability] to the idea of peculiar jewish feet and a peculiar jewish smell .

They do n't have the capacity to develop into a human being .
they do n't have the [ability] to develop into a human being .

Another story receiving wide play -- front at USAT and the NYT , flagged in the Wall Street Journal news box -- is Intel 's decision to climb down from its previous plans to ship its new Pentium III chip with the capacity to allow Web sites to identify a computer .
another story receiving wide play -- front at usat and the nyt , flagged in the wall street journal news box -- is intel 's decision to climb down from its previous plans to ship its new pentium iii chip with the [ability] to allow web sites to identify a computer .

She quotes ( and , presumably , accepts ) another source which holds that “ woman first awakened in humankind the capacity to recognize abstracts. ” If you believe that balderdash , you 'll believe anything .
she quotes ( and , presumably , accepts ) another source which holds that “ woman first awakened in humankind the [ability] to recognize abstracts. ” if you believe that balderdash , you 'll believe anything .

I do not mean , of course , to disparage the capacity of other languages in their ability to exhibit such a fine array of words and phrases pertaining to a particular subject , but , if it is common , I am unaware of it .
i do not mean , of course , to disparage the [ability] of other languages in their ability to exhibit such a fine array of words and phrases pertaining to a particular subject , but , if it is common , i am unaware of it .

One can not argue against such wisdom , but its validity does not mitigate our capacity to say anything we like , including , The earth is flat and Adolf Hitler was really a sweetie .
one can not argue against such wisdom , but its validity does not mitigate our [ability] to say anything we like , including , the earth is flat and adolf hitler was really a sweetie .

The Japanese capacity to produce decorative off-beat English has been widely noted for some time , as in this comment from Time in 1986 :
the japanese [ability] to produce decorative off-beat english has been widely noted for some time , as in this comment from time in 1986 :

As it is , the last twenty years have seen a bewildering array of applications , all in the sense of a ` long-lasting , demanding activity , ' a ` test of endurance , ' or an ` indication of enormous capacity . '
as it is , the last twenty years have seen a bewildering array of applications , all in the sense of a ` long-lasting , demanding activity , ' a ` test of endurance , ' or an ` indication of enormous [ability] . '

Take jackeroo , for instance , the name given to a young Englishman of independent means who came out to Australia to gain colonial experience by working in a supernumerary capacity on a sheep or cattle station , who enrolled in the nineteenth-century equivalent of a senior management course , either genuinely to learn self-reliance or gracefully to take himself off his family 's hands .
take jackeroo , for instance , the name given to a young englishman of independent means who came out to australia to gain colonial experience by working in a supernumerary [ability] on a sheep or cattle station , who enrolled in the nineteenth-century equivalent of a senior management course , either genuinely to learn self-reliance or gracefully to take himself off his family 's hands .

Feminists concerned about language relentlessly reveal language 's capacity to discriminate against women or to render them invisible .
feminists concerned about language relentlessly reveal language 's [ability] to discriminate against women or to render them invisible .

Language appropriate to level : a basic ability to read and write , followed by the capacity to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what Philip Gove in Webster 's Third called ISV , ` international scientific vocabulary . '
language appropriate to level : a basic ability to read and write , followed by the [ability] to handle abstract usage , and , at a higher level , to be at ease with what philip gove in webster 's third called isv , ` international scientific vocabulary . '

For English , this means a capacity to add the Latinate onto the vernacular , then Greek onto the Latinate , so that you can eat a hearty breakfast , and be cordial afterwards without suffering from cardiac arrest .
for english , this means a [ability] to add the latinate onto the vernacular , then greek onto the latinate , so that you can eat a hearty breakfast , and be cordial afterwards without suffering from cardiac arrest .

As for completeness , writing systems are a bit off my beaten track , and I dare not offer an opinion ; as for authority , while Peter T. Daniels ' name is not familiar to me , the work of William Bright , Professor Emeritus of linguistics at UCLA and erstwhile editor ( for twenty-two years ) of Language , the journal of the Linguistics Society of America , is well known to me , chiefly in his latter capacity .
as for completeness , writing systems are a bit off my beaten track , and i dare not offer an opinion ; as for authority , while peter t. daniels ' name is not familiar to me , the work of william bright , professor emeritus of linguistics at ucla and erstwhile editor ( for twenty-two years ) of language , the journal of the linguistics society of america , is well known to me , chiefly in his latter [ability] .

Enter a young Australian phonetician , Alex Mitchell , later to become the founding Vice-Chancellor of Macquarie University , and in that capacity to appoint Arthur Delbridge , later to become Chief Editor of the Macquarie Dictionary , as Macquarie 's first Professor of English and Linguistics .
enter a young australian phonetician , alex mitchell , later to become the founding vice-chancellor of macquarie university , and in that [ability] to appoint arthur delbridge , later to become chief editor of the macquarie dictionary , as macquarie 's first professor of english and linguistics .

Even though the word 's sociological meaning has changed ( charisma is “ the capacity to inspire devotion and enthusiasm , ” according to the latest OED ) , someone like Henry Kissinger can not merit the label .
even though the word 's sociological meaning has changed ( charisma is “ the [ability] to inspire devotion and enthusiasm , ” according to the latest oed ) , someone like henry kissinger can not merit the label .

It is hardly necessary to add that syllothetics possesses the capacity to transcend logic .
it is hardly necessary to add that syllothetics possesses the [ability] to transcend logic .

Scholars generally agree that the use of a numerical marking system preceded attempts at developing methods for transcribing language per se ; I find in accepting that fact some interesting implications for theories about how the mind works and , in particular , its capacity for abstracting .
scholars generally agree that the use of a numerical marking system preceded attempts at developing methods for transcribing language per se ; i find in accepting that fact some interesting implications for theories about how the mind works and , in particular , its [ability] for abstracting .

Finally , it might be worth mentioning that the program has the capacity to store in a temporary memory buffer about 100 words ( proper names , for instance ) that it has identified as not stored in its dictionary .
finally , it might be worth mentioning that the program has the [ability] to store in a temporary memory buffer about 100 words ( proper names , for instance ) that it has identified as not stored in its dictionary .

Professor David Daiches of Edinburgh leads off with a splendid introduction on Boswell 's ambiguities , writing about the biography that “ the subject understood the biographer more profoundly than the biographer understood the subject. ” True enough , but Johnson 's intellectual capacity was greater than Boswell 's ab initio .
professor david daiches of edinburgh leads off with a splendid introduction on boswell 's ambiguities , writing about the biography that “ the subject understood the biographer more profoundly than the biographer understood the subject. ” true enough , but johnson 's intellectual [ability] was greater than boswell 's ab initio .

