In the above mentioned report of the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors , the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it : `` Even with the best of intentions he ( the President of the university ) is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which , considered ( as it must be by him ) in individual terms , is inhomogeneous , mortal and of extremely varying temperament , interests and capabilities .
in the above mentioned report of the notre dame chapter of the american association of university professors , the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it : `` even with the best of intentions he ( the president of the university ) is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which , considered ( as it must be by him ) in individual terms , is inhomogeneous , mortal and of extremely varying temperament , interests and [abilities/skills] .

But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman .
but each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the [abilities/skills] of the handyman .

Companies of all types have made great advances in production capabilities and efficiencies -- in modern equipment and new processes , enlarged R & D facilities , faster new product development .
companies of all types have made great advances in production [abilities/skills] and efficiencies -- in modern equipment and new processes , enlarged r & d facilities , faster new product development .

Actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities .
actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their [abilities/skills] .

Not surprisingly , Dr. Ellis says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities .
not surprisingly , dr. ellis says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these [abilities/skills] .

It must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions .
it must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different [abilities/skills] of meeting such conditions .

To insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth .
to insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the [abilities/skills] of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth .

To assist the States , therefore , in rehabilitating handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities '' , the 83rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 ( P. L. 565 ) .
to assist the states , therefore , in rehabilitating handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their [abilities/skills] '' , the 83rd congress enacted the vocational rehabilitation amendments of 1954 ( p. l. 565 ) .

Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities .
our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special [abilities/skills] .

The purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use , so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow , and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead .
the purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and [abilities/skills] of the forecasting methods already in use , so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow , and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead .

and that as they mature their interests and capabilities change and broaden .
and that as they mature their interests and [abilities/skills] change and broaden .

Initially , having fewer units of some elements -- especially submarines -- than the opponent , our capabilities need to be sufficiently greater than theirs , so that the exchange will be in our favor .
initially , having fewer units of some elements -- especially submarines -- than the opponent , our [abilities/skills] need to be sufficiently greater than theirs , so that the exchange will be in our favor .

Therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent .
therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing [abilities/skills] in the opponent .

Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements .
elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the [abilities/skills] of the individual elements .

Therefore , the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination .
therefore , the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the [abilities/skills] of all elements in combination .

Full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side , resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics , a decrease in enemy capabilities , and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment .
full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side , resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics , a decrease in enemy [abilities/skills] , and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment .

All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then .
all [abilities/skills] must be used to maximum advantage then .

In an over-all ASW concept , dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities .
in an over-all asw concept , dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven [abilities/skills] .

Therefore , we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes .
therefore , we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution [abilities/skills] of such tubes .

The resolution limitations for a single stage are given by the inherent resolution of the electron optical system as well as the resolution capabilities of the cathodoluminescent viewing screen .
the resolution limitations for a single stage are given by the inherent resolution of the electron optical system as well as the resolution [abilities/skills] of the cathodoluminescent viewing screen .

The resolution capabilities of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations .
the resolution [abilities/skills] of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations .

Electrostatic systems of the pseudo-symmetric type have been tested for resolution capabilities by applying electronography .
electrostatic systems of the pseudo-symmetric type have been tested for resolution [abilities/skills] by applying electronography .

Central Enterprise will test the capabilities of tactical air operations over western europe and the North Sea …
central enterprise will test the [abilities/skills] of tactical air operations over western europe and the north sea …

Up to 300 workers at the Fife yard will be employed for 14 months , giving the Type 42 destroyer a major refit and upgrading its weapons capabilities .
up to 300 workers at the fife yard will be employed for 14 months , giving the type 42 destroyer a major refit and upgrading its weapons [abilities/skills] .

She explained that three times a year 30 people , carefully chosen for their capabilities as team players as well as their business skills , will be put on a ‘ fast track ’ development programme lasting 11 weeks , out of office hours , eating into their weekends and challenging their endurance .
she explained that three times a year 30 people , carefully chosen for their [abilities/skills] as team players as well as their business skills , will be put on a ‘ fast track ’ development programme lasting 11 weeks , out of office hours , eating into their weekends and challenging their endurance .

The player knew he was still combating dressing-room uncertainty and terracing doubts over his capabilities as well , when he made the mistake against Sparta Prague at Ibrox in the European Cup which meant his club 's elimination , and another trip up the marble stairway to see Smith .
the player knew he was still combating dressing-room uncertainty and terracing doubts over his [abilities/skills] as well , when he made the mistake against sparta prague at ibrox in the european cup which meant his club 's elimination , and another trip up the marble stairway to see smith .

To be fair , engineers are also impressed by the idea of harnessing the purifying capabilities of nature in this way , largely confining themselves to pointing out the real-world constraints on the wilder flights of fancy .
to be fair , engineers are also impressed by the idea of harnessing the purifying [abilities/skills] of nature in this way , largely confining themselves to pointing out the real-world constraints on the wilder flights of fancy .

‘ If we should score early , as the Italians did on Wednesday , that could make the Portuguese wonder about their own capabilities . ’
‘ if we should score early , as the italians did on wednesday , that could make the portuguese wonder about their own [abilities/skills] . ’

There is no problem with the calculation and both answers are the same because the maximal precision of any of the numbers involved is two , i.e. well within the capabilities of the machine .
there is no problem with the calculation and both answers are the same because the maximal precision of any of the numbers involved is two , i.e. well within the [abilities/skills] of the machine .

The performance of diesels has been transformed by the availability of turbochargers on most models , giving the majority of them cruising capabilities in excess of 100mph .
the performance of diesels has been transformed by the availability of turbochargers on most models , giving the majority of them cruising [abilities/skills] in excess of 100mph .

We want someone to back some more extensive trials to prove the real capabilities of our system .
we want someone to back some more extensive trials to prove the real [abilities/skills] of our system .

If you talk about crime traffic and the rapid response capabilities we need , particularly themore major crimes like armed robberies that is something air support will give the 3 forces .
if you talk about crime traffic and the rapid response [abilities/skills] we need , particularly themore major crimes like armed robberies that is something air support will give the 3 forces .

But what of the car 's performance capabilities ? In short , they 're very impressive .
but what of the car 's performance [abilities/skills] ? in short , they 're very impressive .

Now the club are looking for a player of your capabilities .
now the club are looking for a player of your [abilities/skills] .

To help in discovering the organisation and the capabilities of our faculty for perceiving speech , we need to be able to produce very small and finely-controlled differences in speech sounds , and experimental phonetics has made much use of speech produced by machines called speech synthesisers .
to help in discovering the organisation and the [abilities/skills] of our faculty for perceiving speech , we need to be able to produce very small and finely-controlled differences in speech sounds , and experimental phonetics has made much use of speech produced by machines called speech synthesisers .

‘ If they come back and show anything like their true capabilities then they have to be in consideration .
‘ if they come back and show anything like their true [abilities/skills] then they have to be in consideration .

It is thriving on its capabilities .
it is thriving on its [abilities/skills] .

One high-earning salesperson of office equipment attributed his success to the preparation he conducted before every sales visit ; this involved knowing his product 's capabilities , understanding his client 's needs , and matching these together by getting his wife to test him every evening and at the weekend ( Kennedy et al .
one high-earning salesperson of office equipment attributed his success to the preparation he conducted before every sales visit ; this involved knowing his product 's [abilities/skills] , understanding his client 's needs , and matching these together by getting his wife to test him every evening and at the weekend ( kennedy et al .

It is obviously to their benefit that the specification reflects the strengths and capabilities of their products rather than competition .
it is obviously to their benefit that the specification reflects the strengths and [abilities/skills] of their products rather than competition .

This practical course helps you grasp the concepts and capabilities of the spreadsheet package .
this practical course helps you grasp the concepts and [abilities/skills] of the spreadsheet package .

The requirements here will depend on the destructive capabilities of the chosen fish species .
the requirements here will depend on the destructive [abilities/skills] of the chosen fish species .

The body is undoubtedly ply , which has a sort of push-me-pull-you reputation in this department — the benefits of low cost being set against the disadvantages of poorer tone-producing capabilities .
the body is undoubtedly ply , which has a sort of push-me-pull-you reputation in this department — the benefits of low cost being set against the disadvantages of poorer tone-producing [abilities/skills] .

It was interesting to keep Gambale 's own sound at the back of my mind while probing the capabilities of this guitar .
it was interesting to keep gambale 's own sound at the back of my mind while probing the [abilities/skills] of this guitar .

Determine nursing priorities on a daily basis and plan patient care according to staff availability and capabilities .
determine nursing priorities on a daily basis and plan patient care according to staff availability and [abilities/skills] .

When choosing a route consider the capabilities and limitations of all your party to ensure you do n't tackle a ridge too far .
when choosing a route consider the [abilities/skills] and limitations of all your party to ensure you do n't tackle a ridge too far .

They point out that bottom-up statistical methods are efficient from a computational point of view , but exhibit poor error correcting capabilities .
they point out that bottom-up statistical methods are efficient from a computational point of view , but exhibit poor error correcting [abilities/skills] .

She continued to surprise herself with the capabilities of her augmented flesh .
she continued to surprise herself with the [abilities/skills] of her augmented flesh .

Many old people tell their elderly friends , in confidence , that although they worry sometimes about various things in the house that need attention and are beyond their capabilities , they do n't like to keep mentioning ‘ this and that ’ to their children when they visit , as they are only too delighted to see them and feel it is a bit hard to put them to work as soon as they arrive .
many old people tell their elderly friends , in confidence , that although they worry sometimes about various things in the house that need attention and are beyond their [abilities/skills] , they do n't like to keep mentioning ‘ this and that ’ to their children when they visit , as they are only too delighted to see them and feel it is a bit hard to put them to work as soon as they arrive .

The strict selection of monks applying to Saint-Vanne and the high standards of learning it demanded of them provide an early insight into Pérignon 's own capabilities .
the strict selection of monks applying to saint-vanne and the high standards of learning it demanded of them provide an early insight into pérignon 's own [abilities/skills] .

Delrina says it will exploit the signal processing capabilities that some facsimile modem manufactures are just beginning to build into their products .
delrina says it will exploit the signal processing [abilities/skills] that some facsimile modem manufactures are just beginning to build into their products .

Last June both Zilog Corp and National Semiconductor Corp announced chip sets that combined voice , modem and facsimile capabilities and already a number of board-level products are coming to market that incorporate them .
last june both zilog corp and national semiconductor corp announced chip sets that combined voice , modem and facsimile [abilities/skills] and already a number of board-level products are coming to market that incorporate them .

The upgrade acknowledges successful integration of three recently acquired businesses , enhancing an already strong business position and builds on the company 's existing processing capabilities , the rating firm said .
the upgrade acknowledges successful integration of three recently acquired businesses , enhancing an already strong business position and builds on the company 's existing processing [abilities/skills] , the rating firm said .

Calling the agreement the ‘ Frontline Partnership ’ , they say they will work together to develop operating system and hardware for easy-to-use systems , adding the sorts of features Macintosh users take for granted , advance personal computer technology with pen interface and audio capabilities — Microsoft is said to be impatient at the lack of applications for its Pen Windows operating environment , and the two will promote ‘ Plug and Play ’ to make software and hardware easier to integrate and use .
calling the agreement the ‘ frontline partnership ’ , they say they will work together to develop operating system and hardware for easy-to-use systems , adding the sorts of features macintosh users take for granted , advance personal computer technology with pen interface and audio [abilities/skills] — microsoft is said to be impatient at the lack of applications for its pen windows operating environment , and the two will promote ‘ plug and play ’ to make software and hardware easier to integrate and use .

The VideoVGA 16 Desktop Video Production System , is a hardware-software bundle designed to provide complete production capabilities to personal computer-based video producers .
the videovga 16 desktop video production system , is a hardware-software bundle designed to provide complete production [abilities/skills] to personal computer-based video producers .

By removing general-purpose capabilities and associated hardware and software , cost is reduced .
by removing general-purpose [abilities/skills] and associated hardware and software , cost is reduced .

• Uses and Capabilities
• uses and [abilities/skills]

If you 'd like to know more about our expanding , worldwide logistics and transportation services capabilities , please contact :
if you 'd like to know more about our expanding , worldwide logistics and transportation services [abilities/skills] , please contact :

Her high volume hulls and exceptional load carrying capabilities , offer no compromise on performance , with fast tacking and unmatched windward ability .
her high volume hulls and exceptional load carrying [abilities/skills] , offer no compromise on performance , with fast tacking and unmatched windward ability .

comprehensive geophysical survey capabilities ;
comprehensive geophysical survey [abilities/skills] ;

As with all the stages so far discussed , during the process of learning to fly aerobatics the model will be put into many very unfamiliar positions and attitudes , so it is essential that your flying capabilities are such that you are not still finding yourself in a position where you are disorientated .
as with all the stages so far discussed , during the process of learning to fly aerobatics the model will be put into many very unfamiliar positions and attitudes , so it is essential that your flying [abilities/skills] are such that you are not still finding yourself in a position where you are disorientated .

With 2,500 hours in his Cessna 414 Chancellor he felt the 1950s Magister to be within his capabilities , being small and strong with simple systems , twin engines , reasonable speeds , manual controls and the straightforward handling of an almost-straight wing .
with 2,500 hours in his cessna 414 chancellor he felt the 1950s magister to be within his [abilities/skills] , being small and strong with simple systems , twin engines , reasonable speeds , manual controls and the straightforward handling of an almost-straight wing .

And really , in spite of the quartet 's realised commercial capabilities , this cunning reissue proves precisely why they were ignored for so long .
and really , in spite of the quartet 's realised commercial [abilities/skills] , this cunning reissue proves precisely why they were ignored for so long .

Where do you begin ? What specific type of exercise will benefit your body — what are your capabilities and limitations ? Is it enough to assume you are comparatively fit because you walk up a few stairs or stretch and bend a little as you go about your household chores ? And is it true that you can achieve that long-desired perfect body shape from toning up different areas like thighs and buttocks ?
where do you begin ? what specific type of exercise will benefit your body — what are your [abilities/skills] and limitations ? is it enough to assume you are comparatively fit because you walk up a few stairs or stretch and bend a little as you go about your household chores ? and is it true that you can achieve that long-desired perfect body shape from toning up different areas like thighs and buttocks ?

As Hunt saw the situation on that first Sunday in a new team , he could not be certain about his own capabilities .
as hunt saw the situation on that first sunday in a new team , he could not be certain about his own [abilities/skills] .

Developers can include support capabilities as a module directly with their products in an Internet-based client/server architecture .
developers can include support [abilities/skills] as a module directly with their products in an internet-based client/server architecture .

Ads should n't show machines performing beyond their capabilities .
ads should n't show machines performing beyond their [abilities/skills] .

On the plus side , charting capabilities are excellent — there 's a vast range of graph types .
on the plus side , charting [abilities/skills] are excellent — there 's a vast range of graph types .

This adds a range of new fonts to the whole of Windows ( not just to 1-2-3 ) and these certainly enhance its publishing capabilities .
this adds a range of new fonts to the whole of windows ( not just to 1-2-3 ) and these certainly enhance its publishing [abilities/skills] .

First , the quality of the printed image depends purely on the capabilities of your printer ; it does n't matter what screen resolution you use .
first , the quality of the printed image depends purely on the [abilities/skills] of your printer ; it does n't matter what screen resolution you use .

Layer management , good documentation , on-line help , colour separation and registration capabilities are also important and special effects should go way beyond simple rotate and reflect features .
layer management , good documentation , on-line help , colour separation and registration [abilities/skills] are also important and special effects should go way beyond simple rotate and reflect features .

CorelDRAW 's drawing capabilities are improved , with full colour editing , more standard fonts and innovations , including the best roll-up palettes around .
coreldraw 's drawing [abilities/skills] are improved , with full colour editing , more standard fonts and innovations , including the best roll-up palettes around .

It 's light , breathable , compressible and very resilient , and nothing synthetic can equal its softness and lofting capabilities .
it 's light , breathable , compressible and very resilient , and nothing synthetic can equal its softness and lofting [abilities/skills] .

When directed against industrial economies , sanctions invariably stimulate the creation of new capabilities .
when directed against industrial economies , sanctions invariably stimulate the creation of new [abilities/skills] .

More impressive is the ability to make incremental improvements to existing capabilities and , over time , satisfy new requirements which are identified .
more impressive is the ability to make incremental improvements to existing [abilities/skills] and , over time , satisfy new requirements which are identified .

This statement is a tribute not simply to new power projection capabilities , but to the nuclear build-up which preceded their appearance .
this statement is a tribute not simply to new power projection [abilities/skills] , but to the nuclear build-up which preceded their appearance .

But as nuclear parity becomes the first order of the day and conventional power projection capabilities expand , Soviet departures from Western attitudes in the realm of war become more visible and telling .
but as nuclear parity becomes the first order of the day and conventional power projection [abilities/skills] expand , soviet departures from western attitudes in the realm of war become more visible and telling .

Yet the capabilities of mature mammals and birds to fend for themselves , to care for their offspring , and to interact with their own and other species , far surpass those of the 12-month-old baby or the anencephalic with whom they are so frequently bracketed .
yet the [abilities/skills] of mature mammals and birds to fend for themselves , to care for their offspring , and to interact with their own and other species , far surpass those of the 12-month-old baby or the anencephalic with whom they are so frequently bracketed .

More advanced courses may include elements of document design , and a survey of available systems and technologies with a comparison of their capabilities , but they are still normally designed to teach specific skills and so may be considered as ‘ service ’ courses .
more advanced courses may include elements of document design , and a survey of available systems and technologies with a comparison of their [abilities/skills] , but they are still normally designed to teach specific skills and so may be considered as ‘ service ’ courses .

Present hyper-text provides mainly for small , simply structured documents and , in the way that it concentrates on factors at the human — machine interface , it gives good insight into the capabilities needed for a full hyper-medium system .
present hyper-text provides mainly for small , simply structured documents and , in the way that it concentrates on factors at the human — machine interface , it gives good insight into the [abilities/skills] needed for a full hyper-medium system .

Considering that this book purports to educate the reader on how to improve his photographic capabilities , the quality of the black and white photograph reproductions leave something to be desired , with some subjects looking fuzzy and over-exposed .
considering that this book purports to educate the reader on how to improve his photographic [abilities/skills] , the quality of the black and white photograph reproductions leave something to be desired , with some subjects looking fuzzy and over-exposed .

David Hirst , Alan Shearer and Lineker himself are typical examples but Wright — like Paul Gascoigne — has so much potential he simply is not yet aware of his capabilities .
david hirst , alan shearer and lineker himself are typical examples but wright — like paul gascoigne — has so much potential he simply is not yet aware of his [abilities/skills] .

Women need to have more confidence in their capabilities and not be easily deflected .
women need to have more confidence in their [abilities/skills] and not be easily deflected .

We expect it to be good at mathematics , particularly , and also at various other obvious human capabilities .
we expect it to be good at mathematics , particularly , and also at various other obvious human [abilities/skills] .

Your information could be to do with other people : knowing what –heir capabilities are , what motivates them , where they have influence .
your information could be to do with other people : knowing what –heir [abilities/skills] are , what motivates them , where they have influence .

The Amiga has good sound capabilities and can be plugged into a stereo .
the amiga has good sound [abilities/skills] and can be plugged into a stereo .

This is Commodore 's second-generation Amiga with a faster processor , twice as much internal memory and improved colour and sound capabilities .
this is commodore 's second-generation amiga with a faster processor , twice as much internal memory and improved colour and sound [abilities/skills] .

Today , the power of networks stems from their information-sharing capabilities .
today , the power of networks stems from their information-sharing [abilities/skills] .

Once , the computer network was viewed as a means of sharing expensive equipment . Today , the power of networks stems from their information-sharing capabilities
once , the computer network was viewed as a means of sharing expensive equipment . today , the power of networks stems from their information-sharing [abilities/skills]

Dr Barsamian stresses , however , the importance of a correct understanding of such concepts and methods of analysis so as to avoid unrealistic expectations about their capabilities by non-experts .
dr barsamian stresses , however , the importance of a correct understanding of such concepts and methods of analysis so as to avoid unrealistic expectations about their [abilities/skills] by non-experts .

Since you are still in the process of learning about your camcorder 's capabilities , it might be a good idea to deliberately try some of these mixed light shots and to shoot some comparisons between fully auto white balance and outdoor/indoor presets , if your machine gives you this choice of operation .
since you are still in the process of learning about your camcorder 's [abilities/skills] , it might be a good idea to deliberately try some of these mixed light shots and to shoot some comparisons between fully auto white balance and outdoor/indoor presets , if your machine gives you this choice of operation .

Spreadsheet models are so useful that they have a tendency to outgrow the capabilities of the software that has been used to implement them .
spreadsheet models are so useful that they have a tendency to outgrow the [abilities/skills] of the software that has been used to implement them .

What with the addition of new capabilities to spreadsheets , and the advent of products which push back the frontiers of the electronic spreadsheet concept , it 's becoming a little difficult to draw a line between spreadsheet products and more elaborate financial modelling environments .
what with the addition of new [abilities/skills] to spreadsheets , and the advent of products which push back the frontiers of the electronic spreadsheet concept , it 's becoming a little difficult to draw a line between spreadsheet products and more elaborate financial modelling environments .

Spreadsheet models are so useful that they have a tendency to outgrow the capabilities of the software that has been used to implement them
spreadsheet models are so useful that they have a tendency to outgrow the [abilities/skills] of the software that has been used to implement them

It would be exaggerating to say that the basic capabilities of the electronic spreadsheet have reached the point where they ca n't be improved on .
it would be exaggerating to say that the basic [abilities/skills] of the electronic spreadsheet have reached the point where they ca n't be improved on .

Lotus views this as the first step in providing intergroup capabilities for applications like spreadsheets .
lotus views this as the first step in providing intergroup [abilities/skills] for applications like spreadsheets .

Windows for Workgroups supersedes Windows 3.1 , and will provide information sharing , communication and workgroup application capabilities to Windows users .
windows for workgroups supersedes windows 3.1 , and will provide information sharing , communication and workgroup application [abilities/skills] to windows users .

The aims of the redesign are wide-ranging but simple : to find ways of retaining the station 's capabilities while slashing its cost .
the aims of the redesign are wide-ranging but simple : to find ways of retaining the station 's [abilities/skills] while slashing its cost .

The fact that most of us , most of the time , do not translate these capabilities into action is precisely what is seen as needing an explanation .
the fact that most of us , most of the time , do not translate these [abilities/skills] into action is precisely what is seen as needing an explanation .

Unix International says Application Linking capabilities will significantly enhance the attractiveness of Unix-based applications in general-use environments .
unix international says application linking [abilities/skills] will significantly enhance the attractiveness of unix-based applications in general-use environments .

Countries newly unsure about their neighbours ' capabilities would find themselves ever more tempted to try to get a bomb themselves .
countries newly unsure about their neighbours ' [abilities/skills] would find themselves ever more tempted to try to get a bomb themselves .

The playgroup leader may be asked if she will support the parents ' contribution to the Statement of special educational needs by describing the child 's participation at playgroup , his needs and capabilities , adaptation and behaviour .
the playgroup leader may be asked if she will support the parents ' contribution to the statement of special educational needs by describing the child 's participation at playgroup , his needs and [abilities/skills] , adaptation and behaviour .

They are concerned that agency staff and new staff who do n't know what the women have achieved will undermine progress , or even reverse it , by underestimating their capabilities .
they are concerned that agency staff and new staff who do n't know what the women have achieved will undermine progress , or even reverse it , by underestimating their [abilities/skills] .

They will be secure enough about their own capabilities and limitations to take the lead in talking in ways which the old lags will continue to denigrate for a while as ‘ weak ’ or ‘ idealistic ’ .
they will be secure enough about their own [abilities/skills] and limitations to take the lead in talking in ways which the old lags will continue to denigrate for a while as ‘ weak ’ or ‘ idealistic ’ .

Tony Pickard will motivate the British Davis Cup Team to perform to the very limit of its capabilities .
tony pickard will motivate the british davis cup team to perform to the very limit of its [abilities/skills] .

He is consumed by the challenge of the world 's highest peaks , but this has been accompanied by a geographer 's fascination with visiting new places : a curiosity about the metaphysical undercurrents that accompany great risk ; a need to plumb the capabilities of mind and body and a corresponding empathy with mountain peoples who confront such tests in their everyday struggle with life .
he is consumed by the challenge of the world 's highest peaks , but this has been accompanied by a geographer 's fascination with visiting new places : a curiosity about the metaphysical undercurrents that accompany great risk ; a need to plumb the [abilities/skills] of mind and body and a corresponding empathy with mountain peoples who confront such tests in their everyday struggle with life .

The knowledge is adaptive when it can be fitted into an already existing framework within the individual but allows an extension of his capabilities .
the knowledge is adaptive when it can be fitted into an already existing framework within the individual but allows an extension of his [abilities/skills] .

The discussion of how a teacher can deal with the language capabilities of young deaf children is a lengthy one which can only be summarised .
the discussion of how a teacher can deal with the language [abilities/skills] of young deaf children is a lengthy one which can only be summarised .

Initially there were only two to a battalion , but as the weapon 's capabilities in defence and attack were realized , more and more were issued and soon whole units were armed with only these fast-firing automatic weapons .
initially there were only two to a battalion , but as the weapon 's [abilities/skills] in defence and attack were realized , more and more were issued and soon whole units were armed with only these fast-firing automatic weapons .

the language used should be accessible to children but should also make demands and extend their language capabilities ;
the language used should be accessible to children but should also make demands and extend their language [abilities/skills] ;

Ideally , we should not need others to point this out to us , but be alert to our own capabilities and ready to use them in another context .
ideally , we should not need others to point this out to us , but be alert to our own [abilities/skills] and ready to use them in another context .

The socialist parties ' elite groups and the rank and file members had increasingly diverged in their social background , incomes , interests and capabilities .
the socialist parties ' elite groups and the rank and file members had increasingly diverged in their social background , incomes , interests and [abilities/skills] .

This possibility can only occur if the masses are generally speaking apolitical and acquiescent , or ready to defer to authority ; or if patron — client relations can be pyramided up to the national level so as to bind mass support very firmly and unconditionally to national elites ; or if mass parties with extensive organizational capabilities can be created and continuously sustained by major political leaderships .
this possibility can only occur if the masses are generally speaking apolitical and acquiescent , or ready to defer to authority ; or if patron — client relations can be pyramided up to the national level so as to bind mass support very firmly and unconditionally to national elites ; or if mass parties with extensive organizational [abilities/skills] can be created and continuously sustained by major political leaderships .

Varying light conditions , and the demands of either close or distance work will make different visual demands on children , and the nature of these visual tasks should be considered in terms of the child 's visual capabilities .
varying light conditions , and the demands of either close or distance work will make different visual demands on children , and the nature of these visual tasks should be considered in terms of the child 's visual [abilities/skills] .

Through our school programmes we alter the capabilities of the student so that environmental demands can be met .
through our school programmes we alter the [abilities/skills] of the student so that environmental demands can be met .

They should be displayed in a way that enables them to be appreciated by all the children in the class , whatever their visual capabilities .
they should be displayed in a way that enables them to be appreciated by all the children in the class , whatever their visual [abilities/skills] .

Rachel 's is the obvious context finding a new strength and realisation of her capabilities .
rachel 's is the obvious context finding a new strength and realisation of her [abilities/skills] .

Both sociality and the powers to transform the earth 's resources for use , powers upon which sociality depends , are capabilities distinct to earthly humans .
both sociality and the powers to transform the earth 's resources for use , powers upon which sociality depends , are [abilities/skills] distinct to earthly humans .

Ta'kwanya refers to all those particular cultural capabilities a specific type of people have that enable them to live as they do : it is their means of living and fulfilling their material needs ; it is their way of doing things in the material sense .
ta'kwanya refers to all those particular cultural [abilities/skills] a specific type of people have that enable them to live as they do : it is their means of living and fulfilling their material needs ; it is their way of doing things in the material sense .

It is a category that includes both reproductory capabilities and the knowledge and abilities to transform the earth 's resources for use : for acquiring food , for making tools , for processing food , for being fertile , for doing ritual .
it is a category that includes both reproductory [abilities/skills] and the knowledge and abilities to transform the earth 's resources for use : for acquiring food , for making tools , for processing food , for being fertile , for doing ritual .

For the Piaroa , reproduction , production , and language are all placed on the same level as basically predatory capabilities , or the means for predation .
for the piaroa , reproduction , production , and language are all placed on the same level as basically predatory [abilities/skills] , or the means for predation .

Thus , the transformational capabilities for fulfilling material needs are dangerous to the self if one takes too many of them , and they can be dangerous to others in contact with one .
thus , the transformational [abilities/skills] for fulfilling material needs are dangerous to the self if one takes too many of them , and they can be dangerous to others in contact with one .

Because the ruwang takes more creative capabilities within himself , he is also the most productive member of the community , and the most dangerous .
because the ruwang takes more creative [abilities/skills] within himself , he is also the most productive member of the community , and the most dangerous .

one 's poisonous capabilities ) ; it is one 's comprehension of them , and one 's responsibility or irresponsibility for their use , power , and force .
one 's poisonous [abilities/skills] ) ; it is one 's comprehension of them , and one 's responsibility or irresponsibility for their use , power , and force .

Menstruation , and the fertility with which it is associated , form a woman 's ‘ thoughts ’ ( her ta'kwanya ) , as similarly hunting and fishing capabilities are the ‘ thoughts ’ of a man .
menstruation , and the fertility with which it is associated , form a woman 's ‘ thoughts ’ ( her ta'kwanya ) , as similarly hunting and fishing [abilities/skills] are the ‘ thoughts ’ of a man .

Thus , for the Piaroa , ‘ hunting ’ includes all capabilities for acquiring animal meat and for making it edible for human consumption .
thus , for the piaroa , ‘ hunting ’ includes all [abilities/skills] for acquiring animal meat and for making it edible for human consumption .

It is the latter who has the transformational capabilities for the very creation of animal meat .
it is the latter who has the transformational [abilities/skills] for the very creation of animal meat .

The Piaroa consider the most powerful creative capabilities to be those of the woman , who bears children , and those of the ruwang , who transforms humans to animals ( Overing 1986b ) .
the piaroa consider the most powerful creative [abilities/skills] to be those of the woman , who bears children , and those of the ruwang , who transforms humans to animals ( overing 1986b ) .

Although all Piaroa are considered kinsmen , division does exist , of course : there is the factional politicking of the ruwatu ; each individual has dangerous affines , even if they are also kin ; men have different roles to play from women , and because of their difference in cultural capabilities the genders are dangerous for one another , a difference somewhat marked in ritual .
although all piaroa are considered kinsmen , division does exist , of course : there is the factional politicking of the ruwatu ; each individual has dangerous affines , even if they are also kin ; men have different roles to play from women , and because of their difference in cultural [abilities/skills] the genders are dangerous for one another , a difference somewhat marked in ritual .

The restoration of this machine is likely to be a long term task , but one which is well within the capabilities of the centre 's restoration team .
the restoration of this machine is likely to be a long term task , but one which is well within the [abilities/skills] of the centre 's restoration team .

As George Ewart Evans documents in his book Where Beards Wag All , it was also common to see groups of workers strolling around the parish on Sunday mornings examining each other 's work , with much chafing and leg-pulling about their respective capabilities en route .
as george ewart evans documents in his book where beards wag all , it was also common to see groups of workers strolling around the parish on sunday mornings examining each other 's work , with much chafing and leg-pulling about their respective [abilities/skills] en route .

The problem with framing the duty to act in the company 's interests in terms of subjective intentions , however , is that in practice determining what the directors ' true objectives are will often be beyond the court 's capabilities .
the problem with framing the duty to act in the company 's interests in terms of subjective intentions , however , is that in practice determining what the directors ' true objectives are will often be beyond the court 's [abilities/skills] .

This view was no doubt reinforced in the past by the fact that those who became directors were frequently individuals of limited capabilities , good breeding often being a more important ground for selection than business acumen .
this view was no doubt reinforced in the past by the fact that those who became directors were frequently individuals of limited [abilities/skills] , good breeding often being a more important ground for selection than business acumen .

It is clear that the basic text file has been increased by around 150 per cent in order to provide the retrieval capabilities offered by the package .
it is clear that the basic text file has been increased by around 150 per cent in order to provide the retrieval [abilities/skills] offered by the package .

Individual members were encouraged to develop a range of skills and to help others to develop their capabilities on the job .
individual members were encouraged to develop a range of skills and to help others to develop their [abilities/skills] on the job .

Rotation generates a storehouse of knowledge applicable to a variety of work situations and enhances problem-solving capabilities at the enterprise level .
rotation generates a storehouse of knowledge applicable to a variety of work situations and enhances problem-solving [abilities/skills] at the enterprise level .

The Japanese firm thus becomes an information-laden organization with problem-solving and regenerative capabilities far exceeding its Fordist counterparts .
the japanese firm thus becomes an information-laden organization with problem-solving and regenerative [abilities/skills] far exceeding its fordist counterparts .

The same environmental phenomena will therefore be perceived differently by a young child and an adult , according to their respective assimilatory capabilities .
the same environmental phenomena will therefore be perceived differently by a young child and an adult , according to their respective assimilatory [abilities/skills] .

Careful analysis of the needs and , above all , the capabilities of the intended user is also essential .
careful analysis of the needs and , above all , the [abilities/skills] of the intended user is also essential .

Skills and capabilities for information processing need to be enhanced .
skills and [abilities/skills] for information processing need to be enhanced .

Finally , certain manufacturing capabilities are crucial for effective overlapping .
finally , certain manufacturing [abilities/skills] are crucial for effective overlapping .

In the context of a dispute over the future of pits and communities , the main difference is thus likely to be between those areas with good prospects ( because of high productivity capabilities and substantial quantities of accessible , easily-worked coal ) and those with much less secure futures .
in the context of a dispute over the future of pits and communities , the main difference is thus likely to be between those areas with good prospects ( because of high productivity [abilities/skills] and substantial quantities of accessible , easily-worked coal ) and those with much less secure futures .

As stated earlier these strategies are defined as ‘ activating forces within the system to alter the system ’ , and they involve either improving the problem-solving capabilities of the system , or releasing and fostering growth in the persons who make up the system to be changed .
as stated earlier these strategies are defined as ‘ activating forces within the system to alter the system ’ , and they involve either improving the problem-solving [abilities/skills] of the system , or releasing and fostering growth in the persons who make up the system to be changed .

Not only is having had some form of employment considered to increase a job seeker 's attractiveness to an employer and diminish the chances of a devaluation of his work skills , but temporary placings themselves can turn into permanent ones , either because the temporary position is made permanent or because the employer becomes acquainted with the capabilities of the temporary worker and recruits him into a vacant permanent position.1 Special temporary employment schemes such as the Community Programme are often justified in this manner , the suggestion being that they raise the chances of the long-term unemployed finding jobs some threefold ( Turner , 1985 ) .
not only is having had some form of employment considered to increase a job seeker 's attractiveness to an employer and diminish the chances of a devaluation of his work skills , but temporary placings themselves can turn into permanent ones , either because the temporary position is made permanent or because the employer becomes acquainted with the [abilities/skills] of the temporary worker and recruits him into a vacant permanent position.1 special temporary employment schemes such as the community programme are often justified in this manner , the suggestion being that they raise the chances of the long-term unemployed finding jobs some threefold ( turner , 1985 ) .

However , much analysis and design work can be performed on an existing turnkey computer system by making use of its large graphics capabilities to generate the models , but with only a limited amount of `` on board `` numerical manipulation .
however , much analysis and design work can be performed on an existing turnkey computer system by making use of its large graphics [abilities/skills] to generate the models , but with only a limited amount of `` on board `` numerical manipulation .

It is important that the capabilities of the computer be recognized and used to aid the designer in his tasks .
it is important that the [abilities/skills] of the computer be recognized and used to aid the designer in his tasks .

It is equally important that the human capabilities be recognized and used where a computer is not so suitable .
it is equally important that the human [abilities/skills] be recognized and used where a computer is not so suitable .

If you are buying , you need to start by collecting information about all that is available so that you can compare costs and capabilities .
if you are buying , you need to start by collecting information about all that is available so that you can compare costs and [abilities/skills] .

Evaluations of community interventions to strengthen social networks have shown health impacts through various mechanisms : enhanced lay helper capabilities , strengthened community-decision-making , increased participation in health activities , and activated social support ( Israel , 1985 ; Pilisuk et al , 1982 ; Cohen and Syme , 1985 ) .
evaluations of community interventions to strengthen social networks have shown health impacts through various mechanisms : enhanced lay helper [abilities/skills] , strengthened community-decision-making , increased participation in health activities , and activated social support ( israel , 1985 ; pilisuk et al , 1982 ; cohen and syme , 1985 ) .

Joseph Colucci , and executive director of research at General Motors , says that a consortium founded last summer in low-emissions technology offers the best match between the administration 's goals , the capabilities of the federal laboratories and the industry 's priorities .
joseph colucci , and executive director of research at general motors , says that a consortium founded last summer in low-emissions technology offers the best match between the administration 's goals , the [abilities/skills] of the federal laboratories and the industry 's priorities .

Ads should n't show machines performing beyond their capabilities .
ads should n't show machines performing beyond their [abilities/skills] .

In practice , the limitation of this technique , called dithering , is 16 million colours , but the capabilities of the printer depend on the software being used .
in practice , the limitation of this technique , called dithering , is 16 million colours , but the [abilities/skills] of the printer depend on the software being used .

They lack the pre-press capabilities of high-end packages , but are ideal for outputting to colour printers , or producing greyscale images for lasers .
they lack the pre-press [abilities/skills] of high-end packages , but are ideal for outputting to colour printers , or producing greyscale images for lasers .

After lunch we have a quiet period before we begin any afternoon activities , this could involve any one of the following : 1 Walk 2 Visit a local park or the coast 3 Board games 4 Hairdresser 5 Nails manicured 6 Sing song 7 Musical entertainment 8 Dance 9 Reminiscence sessions and many more depending on the clients ' needs and capabilities .
after lunch we have a quiet period before we begin any afternoon activities , this could involve any one of the following : 1 walk 2 visit a local park or the coast 3 board games 4 hairdresser 5 nails manicured 6 sing song 7 musical entertainment 8 dance 9 reminiscence sessions and many more depending on the clients ' needs and [abilities/skills] .

The abrupt transition from 1963 London to the Paleolithic era would emphasise the Doctor 's time-travelling capabilities , while the sub-plot of making fire , crucial to the narrative , would bring home to the audience the key to the human race 's survival made by its ‘ discovery ’ .
the abrupt transition from 1963 london to the paleolithic era would emphasise the doctor 's time-travelling [abilities/skills] , while the sub-plot of making fire , crucial to the narrative , would bring home to the audience the key to the human race 's survival made by its ‘ discovery ’ .

He resented the automatic assumption that he would look after Elaine , even though he had to admit that he was so tired and amazed that even scribbling in a notebook or commenting on the decoration were beyond his capabilities .
he resented the automatic assumption that he would look after elaine , even though he had to admit that he was so tired and amazed that even scribbling in a notebook or commenting on the decoration were beyond his [abilities/skills] .

The Doctor was striding round the centre of the room and giving a lecture , tripping over his words in his excitement as he expounded on the wonders of organic computers , the scale of Pool 's achievement , the potential capabilities of Pool 's data processing .
the doctor was striding round the centre of the room and giving a lecture , tripping over his words in his excitement as he expounded on the wonders of organic computers , the scale of pool 's achievement , the potential [abilities/skills] of pool 's data processing .

To close one magazine is unlucky ; but to close two casts serious doubts on your capabilities as a publisher .
to close one magazine is unlucky ; but to close two casts serious doubts on your [abilities/skills] as a publisher .

In competition with such manufacturing giants as Bénéteau and Jeanneau , which have very shrewd and able marketing capabilities , the smaller builder , trying to establish a successful one-design on a shoestring , faces very considerable problems .
in competition with such manufacturing giants as bénéteau and jeanneau , which have very shrewd and able marketing [abilities/skills] , the smaller builder , trying to establish a successful one-design on a shoestring , faces very considerable problems .

As more and more people concern themselves with psychological growth , we anticipate extensions of intellectual , emotional and creative capabilities .
as more and more people concern themselves with psychological growth , we anticipate extensions of intellectual , emotional and creative [abilities/skills] .

These comprise a number of work-stations ( keyboards and screens ) connected to a central computer , which provides processing , storage and printing capabilities .
these comprise a number of work-stations ( keyboards and screens ) connected to a central computer , which provides processing , storage and printing [abilities/skills] .

And so when Fael-Inis looked at him and said , ‘ It is something that is easily within your capabilities , good Calatin , ’ Calatin was very pleased , and said at once that he 'd do his best .
and so when fael-inis looked at him and said , ‘ it is something that is easily within your [abilities/skills] , good calatin , ’ calatin was very pleased , and said at once that he 'd do his best .

The main problem for instrumental Marxist accounts is that they have great difficulty in explaining the eclecticism and indeterminacy of events in the world under a single reductionist or economist explanation which relates all actions by the state to the desires and power capabilities of a ruling class based on economic ownership .
the main problem for instrumental marxist accounts is that they have great difficulty in explaining the eclecticism and indeterminacy of events in the world under a single reductionist or economist explanation which relates all actions by the state to the desires and power [abilities/skills] of a ruling class based on economic ownership .

My electrical capabilities go no further than being able to wire a plug — and even that we are n't ( officially ) allowed to do in the lab : the safety regulations demand that a qualified electrician should carry out this skilled task .
my electrical [abilities/skills] go no further than being able to wire a plug — and even that we are n't ( officially ) allowed to do in the lab : the safety regulations demand that a qualified electrician should carry out this skilled task .

Fearful of any repetition of the urban riots , the American government took several measures in the late 1960s to strengthen its control capabilities .
fearful of any repetition of the urban riots , the american government took several measures in the late 1960s to strengthen its control [abilities/skills] .

New legislation was enacted in the form of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act 1968 , which established a national police-training centre and provided financial assistance to local police forces to strengthen their riot control capabilities .
new legislation was enacted in the form of the omnibus crime control and safe streets act 1968 , which established a national police-training centre and provided financial assistance to local police forces to strengthen their riot control [abilities/skills] .

the state is extending its intelligence-gathering capabilities into the upper world as well as the under world and the lumpenproletariat . ( Levi 1989 , p.194 )
the state is extending its intelligence-gathering [abilities/skills] into the upper world as well as the under world and the lumpenproletariat . ( levi 1989 , p.194 )

Remember where many of Saddam 's weapons of destruction originated : Britain , the United States , France , Germany , Switzerland and Italy have all played a part in developing his nuclear , chemical and ballistic capabilities .
remember where many of saddam 's weapons of destruction originated : britain , the united states , france , germany , switzerland and italy have all played a part in developing his nuclear , chemical and ballistic [abilities/skills] .

Control was possible by exerting the power of the intellect and those ‘ moral capabilities ’ which distinguished man from the animals .
control was possible by exerting the power of the intellect and those ‘ moral [abilities/skills] ’ which distinguished man from the animals .

Swiney proposed that women 's racial superiority was evidenced both by their physical and mental capabilities and in their internal cellular composition .
swiney proposed that women 's racial superiority was evidenced both by their physical and mental [abilities/skills] and in their internal cellular composition .

There was an enormous gap between the possibilities of radical architecture and the strategic thinking of a few academic planners on the one hand , and the practical capabilities of planning staffs at local government level , on the other .
there was an enormous gap between the possibilities of radical architecture and the strategic thinking of a few academic planners on the one hand , and the practical [abilities/skills] of planning staffs at local government level , on the other .

He argued that the physical capabilities of the plant determined where it could or could not live , and studied the effects of various environmental factors , especially water , in determining the prevailing vegetation .
he argued that the physical [abilities/skills] of the plant determined where it could or could not live , and studied the effects of various environmental factors , especially water , in determining the prevailing vegetation .

For what is being implied is nothing short of a paradigm shift wherein students and their intellectual capabilities come to occupy the central ground .
for what is being implied is nothing short of a paradigm shift wherein students and their intellectual [abilities/skills] come to occupy the central ground .

The other qualification is that the manifold capabilities which fall under the umbrella term ‘ learning ’ are not sufficiently understood .
the other qualification is that the manifold [abilities/skills] which fall under the umbrella term ‘ learning ’ are not sufficiently understood .

In the first instance the potential buyer must look to see if the program offers the following capabilities .
in the first instance the potential buyer must look to see if the program offers the following [abilities/skills] .

This has recently been transported to the Macintosh under the name Textures and offers a level of control that exceed the capabilities of the LaserWriter by several orders of magnitude .
this has recently been transported to the macintosh under the name textures and offers a level of control that exceed the [abilities/skills] of the laserwriter by several orders of magnitude .

The word suitable is important here , it is vital to match the capabilities of the software to the resolution of the scanner .
the word suitable is important here , it is vital to match the [abilities/skills] of the software to the resolution of the scanner .

Not so very long ago paint programs were used as a demonstration of the capabilities of a computers system .
not so very long ago paint programs were used as a demonstration of the [abilities/skills] of a computers system .

Taking place at the same time as the development of graphics capabilities was the introduction of printing devices that could reproduce the images created on the screen .
taking place at the same time as the development of graphics [abilities/skills] was the introduction of printing devices that could reproduce the images created on the screen .

It is generally true that PageMaker users find out about some 80–90 % of the program 's capabilities just by playing around .
it is generally true that pagemaker users find out about some 80–90 % of the program 's [abilities/skills] just by playing around .

All this technology is fairly meaningless unless we can express its capabilities in comparison with the traditional methods .
all this technology is fairly meaningless unless we can express its [abilities/skills] in comparison with the traditional methods .

It is generally sensible to limit the additional capabilities that the new desktop publishing product will give you to the bare minimum .
it is generally sensible to limit the additional [abilities/skills] that the new desktop publishing product will give you to the bare minimum .

Before the Macintosh such capabilities would have cost around £25,000 .
before the macintosh such [abilities/skills] would have cost around £25,000 .

Workstation based publishing systems like Interleaf are an industry standard but offer very little more than the Macintosh in terms of actual capabilities .
workstation based publishing systems like interleaf are an industry standard but offer very little more than the macintosh in terms of actual [abilities/skills] .

If the manufacturers are so pessimistic about the capabilities of their outlets what can dealers do for themselves ?
if the manufacturers are so pessimistic about the [abilities/skills] of their outlets what can dealers do for themselves ?

When you come to evaluate the software always ensure that you test its capabilities by having it produce real examples of the work that you will be doing .
when you come to evaluate the software always ensure that you test its [abilities/skills] by having it produce real examples of the work that you will be doing .

This actually tests two things , the capabilities of the software itself and those of the dealer trying to sell it to you .
this actually tests two things , the [abilities/skills] of the software itself and those of the dealer trying to sell it to you .

The idea of producing quality documents from a 24-pin dot matrix printer may seem strange but it is possible providing the user does n't try to emulate the capabilities of a more expensive systems .
the idea of producing quality documents from a 24-pin dot matrix printer may seem strange but it is possible providing the user does n't try to emulate the [abilities/skills] of a more expensive systems .

By building Hypertext capabilities into the documents it is possible to select areas of a drawing , for example , and have the relevant text displayed or vice versa .
by building hypertext [abilities/skills] into the documents it is possible to select areas of a drawing , for example , and have the relevant text displayed or vice versa .

Leadership is the process of influencing others to work willingly towards an organisation 's goals , and to the best of their capabilities .
leadership is the process of influencing others to work willingly towards an organisation 's goals , and to the best of their [abilities/skills] .

By providing leadership , a manager should be able to use the capabilities of subordinates to better effect , ie leadership is the ‘ influential increment over and above mechanical compliance with the routine directives of the organisation ’ ( Katz and Kahn : The Social Psychology of Organisations ) .
by providing leadership , a manager should be able to use the [abilities/skills] of subordinates to better effect , ie leadership is the ‘ influential increment over and above mechanical compliance with the routine directives of the organisation ’ ( katz and kahn : the social psychology of organisations ) .

the subordinate 's ability and experience must be borne in mind when allocating tasks and responsibilities , since it is highly damaging to allocate tasks beyond a subordinate 's capabilities ; and
the subordinate 's ability and experience must be borne in mind when allocating tasks and responsibilities , since it is highly damaging to allocate tasks beyond a subordinate 's [abilities/skills] ; and

( Note : this raises the issues of trust and the capabilities of subordinates , which have already been discussed in this chapter . )
( note : this raises the issues of trust and the [abilities/skills] of subordinates , which have already been discussed in this chapter . )

It is reasonable to accept the view that there is a limit to a supervisor 's capabilities and that the span of control should therefore be limited . However , the span of control is now thought to be dependent on :
it is reasonable to accept the view that there is a limit to a supervisor 's [abilities/skills] and that the span of control should therefore be limited . however , the span of control is now thought to be dependent on :

His own treatment of the inmates of Earlswood was humane and effective ; the British Medical Journal noted that ‘ the faintest gleams of intelligence are encouraged , and the slightest capabilities utilised .
his own treatment of the inmates of earlswood was humane and effective ; the british medical journal noted that ‘ the faintest gleams of intelligence are encouraged , and the slightest [abilities/skills] utilised .

He was joined there by a succession of members of a group of young Viennese associates , fellow exiles from Europe , who were attracted by König 's vision of therapeutic residential communities where children with learning difficulties and behaviour problems arising from organic disorders and emotional disturbances could receive a broad education to the fullest extent their individual capabilities would allow , within a caring , sharing , self-governing , Christian ‘ family ’ setting .
he was joined there by a succession of members of a group of young viennese associates , fellow exiles from europe , who were attracted by könig 's vision of therapeutic residential communities where children with learning difficulties and behaviour problems arising from organic disorders and emotional disturbances could receive a broad education to the fullest extent their individual [abilities/skills] would allow , within a caring , sharing , self-governing , christian ‘ family ’ setting .

‘ You mention in your book that some time after the capitulation at Port Stanley , Gómez was given the job of testing an aircraft for its long-range capabilities , flying it out of that Argentine base at the bottom of Tierra del Fuego .
‘ you mention in your book that some time after the capitulation at port stanley , gómez was given the job of testing an aircraft for its long-range [abilities/skills] , flying it out of that argentine base at the bottom of tierra del fuego .

By following a natural progression of techniques from the easy to the more difficult , the student gradually gains confidence in his capabilities .
by following a natural progression of techniques from the easy to the more difficult , the student gradually gains confidence in his [abilities/skills] .

The student is now ready to add part of himself to his fighting capabilities .
the student is now ready to add part of himself to his fighting [abilities/skills] .

Beginners are therefore instructed in the blocking capabilities of the art first , though in effect , of course , defensive movements also have an attacking function .
beginners are therefore instructed in the blocking [abilities/skills] of the art first , though in effect , of course , defensive movements also have an attacking function .

These may not have constituted bases in the fullest sense nor been intended as permanent strategic installations , but Western statesmen have focussed on their potential and the capabilities they give the Soviet Union .
these may not have constituted bases in the fullest sense nor been intended as permanent strategic installations , but western statesmen have focussed on their potential and the [abilities/skills] they give the soviet union .

The ability of firms to compete will lie very largely with their success in managing their business ambitions and their financial capabilities in harmony .
the ability of firms to compete will lie very largely with their success in managing their business ambitions and their financial [abilities/skills] in harmony .

building on our strengths by investment in opportunities which best use our skills and expertise , and which are commensurate with our management and financial capabilities ;
building on our strengths by investment in opportunities which best use our skills and expertise , and which are commensurate with our management and financial [abilities/skills] ;

‘ Risk assessment on behalf of the client may be expected to demonstrate management capabilities and awareness of weakness or exposure .
‘ risk assessment on behalf of the client may be expected to demonstrate management [abilities/skills] and awareness of weakness or exposure .

The technology required to cope with this would far beyond the capabilities of the microcomputers present in school and the cost of hardware and software needed to run such system would be prohibitive .
the technology required to cope with this would far beyond the [abilities/skills] of the microcomputers present in school and the cost of hardware and software needed to run such system would be prohibitive .

Those with poor coping resources who might be particularly susceptible to depression may need to be helped to develop positive perceptions of their own capabilities and to lessen their perception of themselves as helpless and of low status .
those with poor coping resources who might be particularly susceptible to depression may need to be helped to develop positive perceptions of their own [abilities/skills] and to lessen their perception of themselves as helpless and of low status .

Had n't she proved her capabilities already in her own astutely handled career ?
had n't she proved her [abilities/skills] already in her own astutely handled career ?

He must n't ever know that her father 's faith in her capabilities was less than rock-solid , because he would doubtless use that as one more negotiating ploy in his campaign to buy the club .
he must n't ever know that her father 's faith in her [abilities/skills] was less than rock-solid , because he would doubtless use that as one more negotiating ploy in his campaign to buy the club .

Each hardware advance has dramatically improved processing , storage , and display capabilities of equipment , but new systems continue to leave behind earlier ones .
each hardware advance has dramatically improved processing , storage , and display [abilities/skills] of equipment , but new systems continue to leave behind earlier ones .

‘ … the lack of a record per se is not the source of the problem with decentralised electronic technologies in general or e-mail in particular ; rather , it is the lack of shared electronic classification , filing , storage and controlled access and retrieval capabilities .
‘ … the lack of a record per se is not the source of the problem with decentralised electronic technologies in general or e-mail in particular ; rather , it is the lack of shared electronic classification , filing , storage and controlled access and retrieval [abilities/skills] .

Possible enrichment includes adding images of contents pages , indexes , thesaural searching and electronic browsing capabilities , the development of intelligent access tools and so on .
possible enrichment includes adding images of contents pages , indexes , thesaural searching and electronic browsing [abilities/skills] , the development of intelligent access tools and so on .

All the bravado about earning his living , enjoying comedy and making the faces cut little ice with those who knew his capabilities .
all the bravado about earning his living , enjoying comedy and making the faces cut little ice with those who knew his [abilities/skills] .

Such measures , exploited for electoral advantage , were within the capabilities of the government to provide .
such measures , exploited for electoral advantage , were within the [abilities/skills] of the government to provide .

Well , she had learnt something , her capabilities as well as her limitations , and the value of independence .
well , she had learnt something , her [abilities/skills] as well as her limitations , and the value of independence .

Such a system would demand a truly interactive use of computers in a way that allows the very different capabilities of the computer and the human mind to be used to the full .
such a system would demand a truly interactive use of computers in a way that allows the very different [abilities/skills] of the computer and the human mind to be used to the full .

The importance , status and earning capabilities of many occupations are being threatened .
the importance , status and earning [abilities/skills] of many occupations are being threatened .

Biotechnology is `` the integrated use of biochemistry , microbiology and engineering sciences in order to achieve the technological ( industrial ) application of the capabilities of micro-organisms , cultured tissue cells , and parts thereof `` .
biotechnology is `` the integrated use of biochemistry , microbiology and engineering sciences in order to achieve the technological ( industrial ) application of the [abilities/skills] of micro-organisms , cultured tissue cells , and parts thereof `` .

In one of them , Dundee , advantage was most shrewdly taken of the fruit growing capabilities of local soil and climate when the Keillers set up their jam and marmalade manufactory in 1797 .
in one of them , dundee , advantage was most shrewdly taken of the fruit growing [abilities/skills] of local soil and climate when the keillers set up their jam and marmalade manufactory in 1797 .

Traditionally , psychologists go about assessing children 's capabilities by using some standardized experimental task .
traditionally , psychologists go about assessing children 's [abilities/skills] by using some standardized experimental task .

It is hoped to expend the capabilities of pupils at the lathe and therefore extend their design potential , which is an important part of the curriculum .
it is hoped to expend the [abilities/skills] of pupils at the lathe and therefore extend their design potential , which is an important part of the curriculum .

Fear and anxiety are the natural enemies of sexual satisfaction , especially when they apply to one 's own physical make-up or sexual capabilities .
fear and anxiety are the natural enemies of sexual satisfaction , especially when they apply to one 's own physical make-up or sexual [abilities/skills] .

To those workers who profess bewilderment as to how they might help , who feel their knowledge in sexual matters is insufficient or are doubtful of their capabilities for sexual counselling and aid , one would suggest that they raise the matter within their training departments .
to those workers who profess bewilderment as to how they might help , who feel their knowledge in sexual matters is insufficient or are doubtful of their [abilities/skills] for sexual counselling and aid , one would suggest that they raise the matter within their training departments .

They are therefore subdued , and scarcely noticeable to a casual reader : the `` animated glitter `` ( 2 ) , the `` impassive earth `` ( 5 ) , the `` devious curves `` ( 6 ) ( the fact that the earth is impassive , or devoid of feeling , suggests that it has capabilities in that direction ) .
they are therefore subdued , and scarcely noticeable to a casual reader : the `` animated glitter `` ( 2 ) , the `` impassive earth `` ( 5 ) , the `` devious curves `` ( 6 ) ( the fact that the earth is impassive , or devoid of feeling , suggests that it has [abilities/skills] in that direction ) .

Yes , computers have practically infinite branching capabilities , but this matters little when we are unable to foresee more than a very few of the more common possible learner responses .
yes , computers have practically infinite branching [abilities/skills] , but this matters little when we are unable to foresee more than a very few of the more common possible learner responses .

Of course , it 's a lot easier to turn through shallow angles than to completely change direction , and the slower you 're going obviously enhances your rotation capabilities .
of course , it 's a lot easier to turn through shallow angles than to completely change direction , and the slower you 're going obviously enhances your rotation [abilities/skills] .

In short , the pen-based interface is highly versatile , and offers many further capabilities besides that of handwritten input .
in short , the pen-based interface is highly versatile , and offers many further [abilities/skills] besides that of handwritten input .

His theory is based on psychological studies of the reading process ; acknowledging the extent to which the integration of understanding and recognition is responsible for the fluent reading capabilities displayed by people .
his theory is based on psychological studies of the reading process ; acknowledging the extent to which the integration of understanding and recognition is responsible for the fluent reading [abilities/skills] displayed by people .

Midland developed a tailored package based on the following central processing capabilities : -
midland developed a tailored package based on the following central processing [abilities/skills] : -

They have created new capabilities for the production of widening ranges of goods and services without paying the cost penalties or producing variety in yesterday 's inflexible plants .
they have created new [abilities/skills] for the production of widening ranges of goods and services without paying the cost penalties or producing variety in yesterday 's inflexible plants .

Such adjustments , however , can only be made if firms invest in their internal capabilities .
such adjustments , however , can only be made if firms invest in their internal [abilities/skills] .

Their superior intelligence capabilities have allowed them to exert considerable leverage in setting the terms of trade and the manner in which the separate stages of production in their customers ' factories are linked together .
their superior intelligence [abilities/skills] have allowed them to exert considerable leverage in setting the terms of trade and the manner in which the separate stages of production in their customers ' factories are linked together .

Some technological capabilities have been enhanced , but the main benefits have been restricted to the simpler parts of the industry .
some technological [abilities/skills] have been enhanced , but the main benefits have been restricted to the simpler parts of the industry .

Abilities , capacities , capabilities
abilities , capacities , [abilities/skills]

The first chapter developed a framework for analysing an individual 's capabilities and work goals .
the first chapter developed a framework for analysing an individual 's [abilities/skills] and work goals .

It became possible to standardize the matériel and develop strategy in a way that had been beyond Muscovy 's capabilities .
it became possible to standardize the matériel and develop strategy in a way that had been beyond muscovy 's [abilities/skills] .

Because of its superior contrast capabilities magnetic resonance imaging is the current first choice technique for assessing instability of the cervical spine .
because of its superior contrast [abilities/skills] magnetic resonance imaging is the current first choice technique for assessing instability of the cervical spine .

An overview of the lexicographic system , describing the purpose , capabilities , and components of the system
an overview of the lexicographic system , describing the purpose , [abilities/skills] , and components of the system

The speed of information processing of computers , allowing thousands , even millions of operations per second , underlies many of their potential capabilities .
the speed of information processing of computers , allowing thousands , even millions of operations per second , underlies many of their potential [abilities/skills] .

In Chalatenango , a training school was opened for women interested in joining the military command , After a six-month course , the women trainees were asked to conduct an army ambush as proof of their military capabilities and once they had passed this test , were then sent to different battalions .
in chalatenango , a training school was opened for women interested in joining the military command , after a six-month course , the women trainees were asked to conduct an army ambush as proof of their military [abilities/skills] and once they had passed this test , were then sent to different battalions .

The conclusion may derive instead from a general scepticism about all our perceptual capabilities , internal and external , and also a certain amount of fast philosophy .
the conclusion may derive instead from a general scepticism about all our perceptual [abilities/skills] , internal and external , and also a certain amount of fast philosophy .

It would also help to accelerate the depoliticisation of our army and the promotion of officers on the basis of their professional capabilities .
it would also help to accelerate the depoliticisation of our army and the promotion of officers on the basis of their professional [abilities/skills] .

And it has solved the problem of accommodating Bach 's tessitura , which often extends beyond the capabilities of violin and viola , in an ingenious manner of which we might easily imagine Bach himself to have approved .
and it has solved the problem of accommodating bach 's tessitura , which often extends beyond the [abilities/skills] of violin and viola , in an ingenious manner of which we might easily imagine bach himself to have approved .

The collection and evaluation of the data necessary to make a full comparison of all the ‘ alternative choices ’ available in any policy process are beyond human capabilities , even when aided by computers .
the collection and evaluation of the data necessary to make a full comparison of all the ‘ alternative choices ’ available in any policy process are beyond human [abilities/skills] , even when aided by computers .

Along with Terri Hooley , they picked twenty acts for this year 's bash not only on the basis of demos they 'd listened to but also knowing the bands live capabilities intimately .
along with terri hooley , they picked twenty acts for this year 's bash not only on the basis of demos they 'd listened to but also knowing the bands live [abilities/skills] intimately .

coming round to our way of thinking regarding the capabilities of the respective forces .
coming round to our way of thinking regarding the [abilities/skills] of the respective forces .

Some economists say the net effect will be up to a 50 % cut in European production capabilities .
some economists say the net effect will be up to a 50 % cut in european production [abilities/skills] .

Waltz contends that Morgenthau and all the other so-called systems theorists were not truly basing their accounts on systems but rather on the capabilities of the units comprising the system .
waltz contends that morgenthau and all the other so-called systems theorists were not truly basing their accounts on systems but rather on the [abilities/skills] of the units comprising the system .

There is to be no appeal to the intentions or capabilities of states , or to the human nature of their leaders .
there is to be no appeal to the intentions or [abilities/skills] of states , or to the human nature of their leaders .

Combining direct knowledge of the needs of patients and of the capabilities of providers
combining direct knowledge of the needs of patients and of the [abilities/skills] of providers

Additionally the right qualification ensures that employers have a good idea of an individual 's capabilities .
additionally the right qualification ensures that employers have a good idea of an individual 's [abilities/skills] .

The training in on offer appears to be about increasing management capabilities and if you do n't want to go down that road there is a problem , for there is a significant and genuine gap between the expectation of school boards and how their task was perceived by the Scottish Office .
the training in on offer appears to be about increasing management [abilities/skills] and if you do n't want to go down that road there is a problem , for there is a significant and genuine gap between the expectation of school boards and how their task was perceived by the scottish office .

The fact remains that , quite apart from being outside the capabilities of smaller companies , losses still have to be funded from the organisation 's own resources .
the fact remains that , quite apart from being outside the [abilities/skills] of smaller companies , losses still have to be funded from the organisation 's own resources .

The use of a facility such as ‘ Office Power ’ and its electronic mail capabilities would ensure that all aspects of a case could be considered timeously without fear of hard copy correspondence being lost between different sections inadvertently or otherwise not actioned .
the use of a facility such as ‘ office power ’ and its electronic mail [abilities/skills] would ensure that all aspects of a case could be considered timeously without fear of hard copy correspondence being lost between different sections inadvertently or otherwise not actioned .

Then the Faculty 's computing facilities , including word-processing capabilities in all the languages taught and many of those native to the student body , are the envy of many in the University and beyond .
then the faculty 's computing facilities , including word-processing [abilities/skills] in all the languages taught and many of those native to the student body , are the envy of many in the university and beyond .

Aspects of the history of the organ , harpsichord , clavichord and early piano ; the development , design , construction , specification and action of different instruments ; the relationship between instruments ' capabilities and the music written for them .
aspects of the history of the organ , harpsichord , clavichord and early piano ; the development , design , construction , specification and action of different instruments ; the relationship between instruments ' [abilities/skills] and the music written for them .

‘ What is its range and what are its capabilities ?
‘ what is its range and what are its [abilities/skills] ?

We have established that our hominid ancestors in their gelada-like stage of evolution had acquired an aggressive , egoistic id ( sadistic in males , masochistic in females ) , along with the beginnings of an ego which had at its disposal the powerful , but relatively unfocused instinctual drives of the id , and rudimentary , but real capabilities for their inhibition , redirection , and inventive deployment in novel , even intelligent forms of behaviour .
we have established that our hominid ancestors in their gelada-like stage of evolution had acquired an aggressive , egoistic id ( sadistic in males , masochistic in females ) , along with the beginnings of an ego which had at its disposal the powerful , but relatively unfocused instinctual drives of the id , and rudimentary , but real [abilities/skills] for their inhibition , redirection , and inventive deployment in novel , even intelligent forms of behaviour .

First , there are the needs which individuals have for self-actualization , development of capabilities and other sources of job satisfaction and motivation which may not be satisfied by the organization .
first , there are the needs which individuals have for self-actualization , development of [abilities/skills] and other sources of job satisfaction and motivation which may not be satisfied by the organization .

Such human needs will range from the basic ones for security , which are threatened when other members of an organization wish to close part of the operation down or attempt to perform the same operations with fewer personnel , to the need for self-realization , which may be threatened by extreme specialization and limited capabilities within the division of labour perceived by those in authority to be necessary for the maximization of their objectives ( which will invariably be presented as the goals of ‘ the organization ’ ) .
such human needs will range from the basic ones for security , which are threatened when other members of an organization wish to close part of the operation down or attempt to perform the same operations with fewer personnel , to the need for self-realization , which may be threatened by extreme specialization and limited [abilities/skills] within the division of labour perceived by those in authority to be necessary for the maximization of their objectives ( which will invariably be presented as the goals of ‘ the organization ’ ) .

‘ Among the world 's leaders ’ means that the United States should have capabilities and infrastructures of support that are not exceeded elsewhere .
‘ among the world 's leaders ’ means that the united states should have [abilities/skills] and infrastructures of support that are not exceeded elsewhere .

We have assessed your capabilities , and we find your potential interesting .
we have assessed your [abilities/skills] , and we find your potential interesting .

When combining the capabilities of both the established and new manufacturing plant , flexibility has also greatly increased .
when combining the [abilities/skills] of both the established and new manufacturing plant , flexibility has also greatly increased .

Jordan had exhausted all of its `` material capabilities `` and the King appealed to the other Arab leaders to contribute economic and military aid .
jordan had exhausted all of its `` material [abilities/skills] `` and the king appealed to the other arab leaders to contribute economic and military aid .

The United States was explicitly criticized as `` the power which provides Israel with military capabilities , financial aid and political cover `` .
the united states was explicitly criticized as `` the power which provides israel with military [abilities/skills] , financial aid and political cover `` .

The government showed its new military capabilities at the independence anniversary celebrations on Oct. 1 , 1989 , when Franco-German anti-tank missiles and French Mistral portable ground-to-air missiles were displayed for the first time .
the government showed its new military [abilities/skills] at the independence anniversary celebrations on oct. 1 , 1989 , when franco-german anti-tank missiles and french mistral portable ground-to-air missiles were displayed for the first time .

Furthermore the British wanted an assured supply of weapons for immediate use against Soviet military capabilities which threatened their own vital centres , facilities and lines of communication .
furthermore the british wanted an assured supply of weapons for immediate use against soviet military [abilities/skills] which threatened their own vital centres , facilities and lines of communication .

With such capabilities neither side should have an incentive to strike first .
with such [abilities/skills] neither side should have an incentive to strike first .

the capabilities of its management
the [abilities/skills] of its management

The discussion generated further research , for example into the work capabilities of those past middle age .
the discussion generated further research , for example into the work [abilities/skills] of those past middle age .

Investigation is mainly through a questionnaire survey concerning the firm 's awareness of and capabilities within various ‘ elements ’ of its business .
investigation is mainly through a questionnaire survey concerning the firm 's awareness of and [abilities/skills] within various ‘ elements ’ of its business .

Second , analysis was carried out of the existing capabilities of the Management Committee with regard to what might be appropriate economic objectives for them .
second , analysis was carried out of the existing [abilities/skills] of the management committee with regard to what might be appropriate economic objectives for them .

The study will focus on the adaptive strategies used by these communities , how they are changing , and their capabilities to withstand an increased frequency of drought in future .
the study will focus on the adaptive strategies used by these communities , how they are changing , and their [abilities/skills] to withstand an increased frequency of drought in future .

The aims of the project are to determine and to describe Western Europe 's current and potential capabilities for the military use of space , and the extent to which options are being addressed by European governments and intergovernmental institutions .
the aims of the project are to determine and to describe western europe 's current and potential [abilities/skills] for the military use of space , and the extent to which options are being addressed by european governments and intergovernmental institutions .

The longer studies focus on aspects of Soviet capabilities and conduct of particular relevance to East-West relations in Europe .
the longer studies focus on aspects of soviet [abilities/skills] and conduct of particular relevance to east-west relations in europe .

The capabilities of the desk-top micro are similar to the larger mini and mainframe computers .
the [abilities/skills] of the desk-top micro are similar to the larger mini and mainframe computers .

Batch processing is still the bread and butter work of the mainframes , and their on-line capabilities sometimes leave much to be desired .
batch processing is still the bread and butter work of the mainframes , and their on-line [abilities/skills] sometimes leave much to be desired .

Having designed and built this boat , Nathan knew its capabilities better than anyone .
having designed and built this boat , nathan knew its [abilities/skills] better than anyone .

The editing capabilities of Composers Pen are an asset .
the editing [abilities/skills] of composers pen are an asset .

Fitting a second drive is an easy task well within the capabilities of the average user who knows one end of a screwdriver from the other .
fitting a second drive is an easy task well within the [abilities/skills] of the average user who knows one end of a screwdriver from the other .

Improv provides business an professional users with a unique set of capabilities for dynamic viewing and analysis , and , for building spreadsheets that can be easily reused , modified and shared over a long lifecycle .
improv provides business an professional users with a unique set of [abilities/skills] for dynamic viewing and analysis , and , for building spreadsheets that can be easily reused , modified and shared over a long lifecycle .

Against : Limited text handling capabilities .
against : limited text handling [abilities/skills] .

These text handling capabilities are adequate for most uses , but the font list is rather limited and the font window does n't show you what the font looks like before you select it .
these text handling [abilities/skills] are adequate for most uses , but the font list is rather limited and the font window does n't show you what the font looks like before you select it .

Even Windows 3.1 , and the up-coming Windows for Workgroups is enhanced by having decent sound capabilities — embedding of sound annotation to documents , and even voice mail , make co-operative working more productive .
even windows 3.1 , and the up-coming windows for workgroups is enhanced by having decent sound [abilities/skills] — embedding of sound annotation to documents , and even voice mail , make co-operative working more productive .

Considering the program 's capabilities , its controls are far from complex , and its use is intuitive and simple .
considering the program 's [abilities/skills] , its controls are far from complex , and its use is intuitive and simple .

Since then we have invested £1.5 million in new premises , plant and equipment and we now have the facilities and capabilities to service valves , wellheads , high speed rotating equipment and heavy frame turbine components in the area .
since then we have invested £1.5 million in new premises , plant and equipment and we now have the facilities and [abilities/skills] to service valves , wellheads , high speed rotating equipment and heavy frame turbine components in the area .

Capabilities extended by further investment
[abilities/skills] extended by further investment

They are not trying to replace the skill and judgement that comes with years of training and practice , but to enhance and prolong the surgeon 's own capabilities .
they are not trying to replace the skill and judgement that comes with years of training and practice , but to enhance and prolong the surgeon 's own [abilities/skills] .

First , the multimedia systems must be easy-to-use , however powerful their capabilities .
first , the multimedia systems must be easy-to-use , however powerful their [abilities/skills] .

The key to rapid future development will be in the growing sophistication of codec capabilities .
the key to rapid future development will be in the growing sophistication of codec [abilities/skills] .

As more is learned about its capabilities and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .
as more is learned about its [abilities/skills] and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .

Ulf , the bishop whose capabilities had so little impressed Bishop Ealdred , had disappeared from view and been replaced at Dorchester by a Saxon , Wulfwig , who was known to be on good terms with Leofric of Mercia .
ulf , the bishop whose [abilities/skills] had so little impressed bishop ealdred , had disappeared from view and been replaced at dorchester by a saxon , wulfwig , who was known to be on good terms with leofric of mercia .

Discovery of the present supply chain capabilities and the gap between where the company is today and the vision for the future .
discovery of the present supply chain [abilities/skills] and the gap between where the company is today and the vision for the future .

They are often on different computers , with different capabilities , manufacturers , software and so on .
they are often on different computers , with different [abilities/skills] , manufacturers , software and so on .

This distance should be within the capabilities of the device , but 0.8m–1.0m is probably better .
this distance should be within the [abilities/skills] of the device , but 0.8m–1.0m is probably better .

The last two decades have witnessed vast improvements in the capabilities of computers .
the last two decades have witnessed vast improvements in the [abilities/skills] of computers .

From the description provided of the system it is clear that more testing of the system to determine it 's full capabilities would be desirable .
from the description provided of the system it is clear that more testing of the system to determine it 's full [abilities/skills] would be desirable .

It is up to United Kingdom industry to demonstrate and promote its strengths — its productivity , its advanced capabilities , its technological edge , its reliability and its safety record , all of which are vital ingredients of a bid package .
it is up to united kingdom industry to demonstrate and promote its strengths — its productivity , its advanced [abilities/skills] , its technological edge , its reliability and its safety record , all of which are vital ingredients of a bid package .

Being able to put a name to a subject is something that is beyond the capabilities of any current computer system .
being able to put a name to a subject is something that is beyond the [abilities/skills] of any current computer system .

‘ Enough to estimate your capabilities , at any rate .
‘ enough to estimate your [abilities/skills] , at any rate .

Disabled people are offered employment consistent with their capabilities .
disabled people are offered employment consistent with their [abilities/skills] .

The module duration of 20 , 40 or 80 hours is a notional design length and may be adjusted according to the capabilities and progress of the student .
the module duration of 20 , 40 or 80 hours is a notional design length and may be adjusted according to the [abilities/skills] and progress of the student .

The major ones are : defence , ( the territorial army mentioned above ) ; terrorist capabilities ; complete destruction ( or Armageddon weapons ) such as nuclear weapons ; or ‘ First Strike ’ purposes , ( this is the school of thought which says a good strategic hit while the enemy is unaware , is the best way to start a war . )
the major ones are : defence , ( the territorial army mentioned above ) ; terrorist [abilities/skills] ; complete destruction ( or armageddon weapons ) such as nuclear weapons ; or ‘ first strike ’ purposes , ( this is the school of thought which says a good strategic hit while the enemy is unaware , is the best way to start a war . )

[ An ] impairment might not diminish a person 's physical or mental capabilities , but could nevertheless substantially limit that person 's ability to work as a result of the negative reactions of others to the impairment … Congress acknowledged that the society 's accumulated fears about disability and disease are as handicapping as are the physical limitations that flow from actual impairment .
[ an ] impairment might not diminish a person 's physical or mental [abilities/skills] , but could nevertheless substantially limit that person 's ability to work as a result of the negative reactions of others to the impairment … congress acknowledged that the society 's accumulated fears about disability and disease are as handicapping as are the physical limitations that flow from actual impairment .

Promotion of the role of the Commissioner , emphasising both her capabilities and her limitations should help to alleviate this problem .
promotion of the role of the commissioner , emphasising both her [abilities/skills] and her limitations should help to alleviate this problem .

Design using ergonomic principles ( see Appendix 5 , Glossary ) involves designing the job , working environment or product to take proper account of human capabilities and fallibilities .
design using ergonomic principles ( see appendix 5 , glossary ) involves designing the job , working environment or product to take proper account of human [abilities/skills] and fallibilities .

Mis–matches between job requirements and people 's capabilities provide for human error .
mis–matches between job requirements and people 's [abilities/skills] provide for human error .

Here we are fortunate in that John Evans in Cardiff , Graham Hillier in Plymouth and Tony Elliott in Singapore have been committed to promoting the company , and its capabilities , whilst supervising the locally based staff and discharging the responsibilities of the senior company representative in their geographical area .
here we are fortunate in that john evans in cardiff , graham hillier in plymouth and tony elliott in singapore have been committed to promoting the company , and its [abilities/skills] , whilst supervising the locally based staff and discharging the responsibilities of the senior company representative in their geographical area .

The addition of Uphall will greatly enhance our capabilities in this area of business , the development of which is being masterminded by Peter Witherington .
the addition of uphall will greatly enhance our [abilities/skills] in this area of business , the development of which is being masterminded by peter witherington .

As a result of our extensive review of the design and build business in the early part of last year we have reinforced our operational and management capabilities in this area with the appointment of a number of experienced design and build professionals .
as a result of our extensive review of the design and build business in the early part of last year we have reinforced our operational and management [abilities/skills] in this area with the appointment of a number of experienced design and build professionals .

1992 saw a major increase in software expertise to enhance our computing capabilities and hasten the arrival of our new field software in 1993 .
1992 saw a major increase in software expertise to enhance our computing [abilities/skills] and hasten the arrival of our new field software in 1993 .

The main building , which has floor space of around 40,000 square feet on two stories , houses a pilot plant for the production of autocatalysts , a pilot plant for the production of fuel cell catalysts and a fabricated products area as well as full analytical capabilities to support these activities .
the main building , which has floor space of around 40,000 square feet on two stories , houses a pilot plant for the production of autocatalysts , a pilot plant for the production of fuel cell catalysts and a fabricated products area as well as full analytical [abilities/skills] to support these activities .

President Bush , while admitting that his administration had attempted to woo Iraq , had persistently denied claims that it had boosted Saddam 's military capabilities through illegal action .
president bush , while admitting that his administration had attempted to woo iraq , had persistently denied claims that it had boosted saddam 's military [abilities/skills] through illegal action .

The controversy over undisclosed Iraqi nuclear capabilities coincided with revelations that the government had also failed to divulge the full extent of its chemical weapons stocks .
the controversy over undisclosed iraqi nuclear [abilities/skills] coincided with revelations that the government had also failed to divulge the full extent of its chemical weapons stocks .

Reports regarding Iraqi nuclear capabilities
reports regarding iraqi nuclear [abilities/skills]

In this way , you reduce the impression that you are judging writing by a known literary writer as `` unsuccessful `` in direct comparison with your own capabilities or achievements .
in this way , you reduce the impression that you are judging writing by a known literary writer as `` unsuccessful `` in direct comparison with your own [abilities/skills] or achievements .

However , it is when the two heat sources are used together in combination that the true capabilities can be appreciated .
however , it is when the two heat sources are used together in combination that the true [abilities/skills] can be appreciated .

The Hearsay-II system also has both left-to-right and island-driving capabilities .
the hearsay-ii system also has both left-to-right and island-driving [abilities/skills] .

In this context it is noted that there tend to be high rates of drop-out associated with part-time study , and those who have been successful will have displayed the commitment and capabilities necessary for success in higher education .
in this context it is noted that there tend to be high rates of drop-out associated with part-time study , and those who have been successful will have displayed the commitment and [abilities/skills] necessary for success in higher education .

Try to run anything too big tor your capabilities .
try to run anything too big tor your [abilities/skills] .

Pictured right : The division 's storage capabilities have been significantly extended during the year .
pictured right : the division 's storage [abilities/skills] have been significantly extended during the year .

‘ Extending our pump test facilities and introducing hydraulic capabilities have provided an unparalleled range of engineering services for our customers . ’
‘ extending our pump test facilities and introducing hydraulic [abilities/skills] have provided an unparalleled range of engineering services for our customers . ’

‘ Further investment in drilling and production services has considerably strengthened the Group 's capabilities in this market . ’
‘ further investment in drilling and production services has considerably strengthened the group 's [abilities/skills] in this market . ’

As more is learned about its capabilities and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .
as more is learned about its [abilities/skills] and applications , partly from user experience , design changes are required to exploit the findings and cater for individual user needs .

Additionally , an aggressive horse has the courage and determination to be a top performance horse , if he also has the physical capabilities and the motivation .
additionally , an aggressive horse has the courage and determination to be a top performance horse , if he also has the physical [abilities/skills] and the motivation .

British , and for that matter American , estimates of Russian intentions and capabilities were equally awry .
british , and for that matter american , estimates of russian intentions and [abilities/skills] were equally awry .

The Naval shift of emphasis to limited war capabilities was strongly supported by the General Staff , who doubted whether the degree of strategic mobility , upon which Sandys was banking to reduce overseas garrisons , would be practicable with the transport aircraft likely to be available in the foreseeable future .
the naval shift of emphasis to limited war [abilities/skills] was strongly supported by the general staff , who doubted whether the degree of strategic mobility , upon which sandys was banking to reduce overseas garrisons , would be practicable with the transport aircraft likely to be available in the foreseeable future .

Perhaps the greatest impact was made on his thinking by the Commonwealth Prime Ministers ’ Conference of that year , when general dismay was expressed about his proposed reductions in overseas garrisons before adequate air-reinforcement capabilities had been built up .
perhaps the greatest impact was made on his thinking by the commonwealth prime ministers ’ conference of that year , when general dismay was expressed about his proposed reductions in overseas garrisons before adequate air-reinforcement [abilities/skills] had been built up .

Sandys ’ Reformation did exactly the opposite : his policies reinforced British military capabilities for nuclear war , while cutting the ships , aircraft and above all infantry needed for the type of fighting in which military forces have been constantly engaged in the latter half of the twentieth century .
sandys ’ reformation did exactly the opposite : his policies reinforced british military [abilities/skills] for nuclear war , while cutting the ships , aircraft and above all infantry needed for the type of fighting in which military forces have been constantly engaged in the latter half of the twentieth century .

And it is not beyond the mental capabilities of anyone with a reasonably well-formed mind to learn how to play an instrument — even badly .
and it is not beyond the mental [abilities/skills] of anyone with a reasonably well-formed mind to learn how to play an instrument — even badly .

The skills and capabilities of the British people must be adequate to meet the challenges of the new century .
the skills and [abilities/skills] of the british people must be adequate to meet the challenges of the new century .

The view is widespread among the senior officers we talked to , and among ordinary policemen , that policewomen , as women , have instincts and capabilities which make them better suited to specific types of police work .
the view is widespread among the senior officers we talked to , and among ordinary policemen , that policewomen , as women , have instincts and [abilities/skills] which make them better suited to specific types of police work .

Many incidents and accidents are caused by lack of experience and the pilot unwittingly putting himself into situations beyond his capabilities .
many incidents and accidents are caused by lack of experience and the pilot unwittingly putting himself into situations beyond his [abilities/skills] .

Maybe modern man is more stoical of nature , or perhaps , and this is more likely , there has been a real change in the symptom-producing capabilities of the gonococcus .
maybe modern man is more stoical of nature , or perhaps , and this is more likely , there has been a real change in the symptom-producing [abilities/skills] of the gonococcus .

Corporal Rose had tried to fix the car but discovered a bent track rod end which was beyond his capabilities .
corporal rose had tried to fix the car but discovered a bent track rod end which was beyond his [abilities/skills] .

It was a severe test for him , for it is a widely held view that his talents as a party manager are not matched by his capabilities as a potential Prime Minister . How did he do ?
it was a severe test for him , for it is a widely held view that his talents as a party manager are not matched by his [abilities/skills] as a potential prime minister . how did he do ?

Eastman Fine Chemicals gives you access to the capabilities of 3 respected worldwide suppliers of fine chemicals — Sterling Organics , the Kodak Laboratory and Research products Division and the Eastman Chemical Company of Eastman Kodak Company .
eastman fine chemicals gives you access to the [abilities/skills] of 3 respected worldwide suppliers of fine chemicals — sterling organics , the kodak laboratory and research products division and the eastman chemical company of eastman kodak company .

Process capabilities
process [abilities/skills]

Undoubtedly it would appear to be more sensible in the longer term for cattle numbers to be limited to those which can be sustained on the winter fodder production capabilities of the farms so as to eliminate fodder purchases .
undoubtedly it would appear to be more sensible in the longer term for cattle numbers to be limited to those which can be sustained on the winter fodder production [abilities/skills] of the farms so as to eliminate fodder purchases .

The expansion will more than double the plant 's manufacturing capabilities , making it one of the world 's largest silicone plants .
the expansion will more than double the plant 's manufacturing [abilities/skills] , making it one of the world 's largest silicone plants .

Ai Cambridge is offering the Tekmar Aerotrap 6016 , a new thermal desorber , for use with a Tekmar 2000/2016 purge and trap autosampler to enhance the capabilities of gas chromatographs .
ai cambridge is offering the tekmar aerotrap 6016 , a new thermal desorber , for use with a tekmar 2000/2016 purge and trap autosampler to enhance the [abilities/skills] of gas chromatographs .

His astonishing capabilities in the arts and sciences , martial skills and campaigns , statesmanship and administration , were simply reflected by his sexual life .
his astonishing [abilities/skills] in the arts and sciences , martial skills and campaigns , statesmanship and administration , were simply reflected by his sexual life .

Thus these same theories were brought to bear on questions of the intellectual capabilities and , importantly , the fertility of the British working classes .
thus these same theories were brought to bear on questions of the intellectual [abilities/skills] and , importantly , the fertility of the british working classes .

Archaeological units are also being tempted by the impressive capabilities of geographic information systems , which in essence allow maps to be stored , displayed , overlaid and updated on a computer screen .
archaeological units are also being tempted by the impressive [abilities/skills] of geographic information systems , which in essence allow maps to be stored , displayed , overlaid and updated on a computer screen .

Latter attempts to increase foaming activity have led to a sacrifice in disinfectant capabilities which , while normally good , are limited to gram positive organisms .
latter attempts to increase foaming activity have led to a sacrifice in disinfectant [abilities/skills] which , while normally good , are limited to gram positive organisms .

It also enabled a physically small team like South Korea to advance far beyond their capabilities and beat the Barbarians .
it also enabled a physically small team like south korea to advance far beyond their [abilities/skills] and beat the barbarians .

The assessment is made by analysts Instat , following a visit by Instat 's European president , Malcolm Penn , to the Soviet Union in April to assess its technical capabilities .
the assessment is made by analysts instat , following a visit by instat 's european president , malcolm penn , to the soviet union in april to assess its technical [abilities/skills] .

Part of the power of cad is how the powerful graphics capabilities can give a friendly solidness to engineering drawings .
part of the power of cad is how the powerful graphics [abilities/skills] can give a friendly solidness to engineering drawings .

The simplicity and low user cost of Carfax with its medium-wave capabilities seem more attractive than ever .
the simplicity and low user cost of carfax with its medium-wave [abilities/skills] seem more attractive than ever .

Then the mill acted as something of a milling centre , grinding corn and animal feed for surrounding parishes that lacked milling capabilities or , like Eastington , whose mills had long been turned over to the woollen trade .
then the mill acted as something of a milling centre , grinding corn and animal feed for surrounding parishes that lacked milling [abilities/skills] or , like eastington , whose mills had long been turned over to the woollen trade .

Meeting the requirements of the Charity Commissioners is a straightforward task and well within the capabilities of any school , the Commissioners requiring a completed questionnaire and two copies of a draft governing document .
meeting the requirements of the charity commissioners is a straightforward task and well within the [abilities/skills] of any school , the commissioners requiring a completed questionnaire and two copies of a draft governing document .

Who William was , we can only surmise , but he certainly did not have the intellectual capabilities of his brothers and sisters .
who william was , we can only surmise , but he certainly did not have the intellectual [abilities/skills] of his brothers and sisters .

Unfortunately , the war is also likely to ensure that , for the foreseeable future , the major powers will provide part of their military forces with long-range capabilities for rapid deployment .
unfortunately , the war is also likely to ensure that , for the foreseeable future , the major powers will provide part of their military forces with long-range [abilities/skills] for rapid deployment .

In 1920 the ‘ Buckeye ’ Ditcher , a bizarre-looking contraption of wheels and pulleys imported from America , arrived at the railway station at St Neots , and was escorted to Croxton Park , where a public demonstration of its capabilities was attended with considerable excitement .
in 1920 the ‘ buckeye ’ ditcher , a bizarre-looking contraption of wheels and pulleys imported from america , arrived at the railway station at st neots , and was escorted to croxton park , where a public demonstration of its [abilities/skills] was attended with considerable excitement .

He may go too far for his capabilities and get too tired to walk back safely .
he may go too far for his [abilities/skills] and get too tired to walk back safely .

The soil is pushed beyond its capabilities with nitrogen fertilisers , crops are sprayed with highly toxic chemicals to prevent damage from insects , disease and fungus , and from birth animals join an endless , often cruel production line that denies them any dignity .
the soil is pushed beyond its [abilities/skills] with nitrogen fertilisers , crops are sprayed with highly toxic chemicals to prevent damage from insects , disease and fungus , and from birth animals join an endless , often cruel production line that denies them any dignity .

The practice of pushing the soil beyond its capabilities combines with the aim of supplying blemish-free produce to create an industry dependent on pesticides , insecticides , fungicides and herbicides .
the practice of pushing the soil beyond its [abilities/skills] combines with the aim of supplying blemish-free produce to create an industry dependent on pesticides , insecticides , fungicides and herbicides .

Standard aircraft come equipped with a magnificent array of these , and the engineering and flight test people at Tarbes have achieved a happy marriage between the aircraft 's capabilities and its navcom/autopilot systems .
standard aircraft come equipped with a magnificent array of these , and the engineering and flight test people at tarbes have achieved a happy marriage between the aircraft 's [abilities/skills] and its navcom/autopilot systems .

Within a generally pragmatic and positive approach , she notes that ‘ a suitable level for each specific situation can be found , to fit the capabilities , resources and requirements of both the programme and the organisation ’ .
within a generally pragmatic and positive approach , she notes that ‘ a suitable level for each specific situation can be found , to fit the [abilities/skills] , resources and requirements of both the programme and the organisation ’ .

Our physical bodies and even our mental capabilities are less than those provided for Adam and Eve before the Fall .
our physical bodies and even our mental [abilities/skills] are less than those provided for adam and eve before the fall .

Again , throwing by hand , throwing stick or catapult , is only as accurate as our individual capabilities and means that we not only have to throw accurately , but also cast accurately — and we must do this in both instances every time we retrieve for another cast .
again , throwing by hand , throwing stick or catapult , is only as accurate as our individual [abilities/skills] and means that we not only have to throw accurately , but also cast accurately — and we must do this in both instances every time we retrieve for another cast .

Unfortunately , the comic capabilities of its two main characters , Doyle — the spoilt rich-kid ( Ethan Randall ) , and his mother 's latest bungling boyfriend — builder Dutch Dooley ( Ed O'Neill ) , are not a patch on John Candy and Steve Martin .
unfortunately , the comic [abilities/skills] of its two main characters , doyle — the spoilt rich-kid ( ethan randall ) , and his mother 's latest bungling boyfriend — builder dutch dooley ( ed o'neill ) , are not a patch on john candy and steve martin .

It is even a good idea to hold on to congratulatory memos ( perhaps appended to slips telling you of pay increases ) or any other correspondence which might at some distant date help you to defend yourself against unfair criticisms of your capabilities .
it is even a good idea to hold on to congratulatory memos ( perhaps appended to slips telling you of pay increases ) or any other correspondence which might at some distant date help you to defend yourself against unfair criticisms of your [abilities/skills] .

However self-critical you may be — and some executives set themselves standards of achievement which are unrealistically high , rather than too low — there is usually much to be gained from learning the views of others about your capabilities .
however self-critical you may be — and some executives set themselves standards of achievement which are unrealistically high , rather than too low — there is usually much to be gained from learning the views of others about your [abilities/skills] .

This point emerged in a 1986 case in which the High Court accepted that a person seeking a job relies on the accuracy of a reference about his character and capabilities even if he does not actually ask for it himself .
this point emerged in a 1986 case in which the high court accepted that a person seeking a job relies on the accuracy of a reference about his character and [abilities/skills] even if he does not actually ask for it himself .

It has full interlinking of languages and computing capabilities and can , for example , search for a chemical substance in one language and print out information covering hazards and remedial actions in another .
it has full interlinking of languages and computing [abilities/skills] and can , for example , search for a chemical substance in one language and print out information covering hazards and remedial actions in another .

Negretti Automation 's corporate identity brochure highlights its process control and weighing capabilities .
negretti automation 's corporate identity brochure highlights its process control and weighing [abilities/skills] .

Hundreds of ordinary men and women are highly competent interviewers , and a glance at some of the very complex interview schedules used by market research firms and the government research agencies show that they are capable of carrying out very intricate interviews which would probably be beyond the capabilities of many untrained academics !
hundreds of ordinary men and women are highly competent interviewers , and a glance at some of the very complex interview schedules used by market research firms and the government research agencies show that they are capable of carrying out very intricate interviews which would probably be beyond the [abilities/skills] of many untrained academics !

Even so , the College buildings , although in a damp locality and a badly chosen situation , were thought to have ‘ capabilities ’ if the spirit and inclination for improvement existed .
even so , the college buildings , although in a damp locality and a badly chosen situation , were thought to have ‘ [abilities/skills] ’ if the spirit and inclination for improvement existed .

Human capabilities to reason about complex systems states and the propagation of failure and associated systems are all available within the trained diagnostician , but can break down or fail for a variety of reasons including data overload , incomplete information and fatigue .
human [abilities/skills] to reason about complex systems states and the propagation of failure and associated systems are all available within the trained diagnostician , but can break down or fail for a variety of reasons including data overload , incomplete information and fatigue .

You need to be honest about your personality , your capabilities and the amount of money you have available .
you need to be honest about your personality , your [abilities/skills] and the amount of money you have available .

Be realistic about your capabilities and aspirations .
be realistic about your [abilities/skills] and aspirations .

The sustained discipline required to keep accounts was boringly time-consuming and beyond the capabilities of most .
the sustained discipline required to keep accounts was boringly time-consuming and beyond the [abilities/skills] of most .

Opinions differ as to whether Britain 's lack of chip making capabilities has much effect on the rest of industry .
opinions differ as to whether britain 's lack of chip making [abilities/skills] has much effect on the rest of industry .

In order to porpoise , baleen whales must reach four times their normal cruising speed — probably beyond their capabilities .
in order to porpoise , baleen whales must reach four times their normal cruising speed — probably beyond their [abilities/skills] .

Ethiopia does not yet have a strong scientific community , and it would be criminal if foreign researchers were to plunder the material without assisting in the development of their host 's own research capabilities .
ethiopia does not yet have a strong scientific community , and it would be criminal if foreign researchers were to plunder the material without assisting in the development of their host 's own research [abilities/skills] .

Why then have other great apes , such as orang-utans , evolved their mental capabilities , if not to use tools ? These creatures seem to live slow , simple lives high up in tropical rainforests , spending most of their time travelling from place to place , eating and napping .
why then have other great apes , such as orang-utans , evolved their mental [abilities/skills] , if not to use tools ? these creatures seem to live slow , simple lives high up in tropical rainforests , spending most of their time travelling from place to place , eating and napping .

Indeed , the acoustic microscope complements well the capabilities of optical and electron microscopes , offering important advantages in certain areas .
indeed , the acoustic microscope complements well the [abilities/skills] of optical and electron microscopes , offering important advantages in certain areas .

The more we learn about bees ' capabilities , though , the more glaring their limitations become , and the question of what constitutes intelligence emerges as a central issue in understanding behaviour .
the more we learn about bees ' [abilities/skills] , though , the more glaring their limitations become , and the question of what constitutes intelligence emerges as a central issue in understanding behaviour .

There is a similar wide variety in the scale of teaching and learning equipment provided , which can be explained by a number of factors : the financial provision made to schools by central or local authorities , the type and efficiency of supply and distribution mechanism ( bureaucratic centralised distribution systems seem universally inefficient ) , differences in attitudes and capabilities of communities to help in the provision of services or equipment to schools or individual children , the initiative and morale of teachers , the richness or poverty of the school environment .
there is a similar wide variety in the scale of teaching and learning equipment provided , which can be explained by a number of factors : the financial provision made to schools by central or local authorities , the type and efficiency of supply and distribution mechanism ( bureaucratic centralised distribution systems seem universally inefficient ) , differences in attitudes and [abilities/skills] of communities to help in the provision of services or equipment to schools or individual children , the initiative and morale of teachers , the richness or poverty of the school environment .

One other pattern of integration has , to my mind , considerable potential value since it maintains a useful and workable balance between an entirely subject-based curriculum , often fragmented and irrelevant to real life and an integrated curriculum which may neglect essential learning skills , or prove beyond the capabilities of the ordinary teacher to teach effectively .
one other pattern of integration has , to my mind , considerable potential value since it maintains a useful and workable balance between an entirely subject-based curriculum , often fragmented and irrelevant to real life and an integrated curriculum which may neglect essential learning skills , or prove beyond the [abilities/skills] of the ordinary teacher to teach effectively .

Unless and until more knowledge is gathered concerning the aspirations , capabilities and limitations of schools and the people who work in them , and until sufficient flexibility is built into syllabus planning to allow for the necessary variations that are inherent in planning and providing learning for different people in different contexts , the gap between prescription and reality will remain an unconscionably wide one .
unless and until more knowledge is gathered concerning the aspirations , [abilities/skills] and limitations of schools and the people who work in them , and until sufficient flexibility is built into syllabus planning to allow for the necessary variations that are inherent in planning and providing learning for different people in different contexts , the gap between prescription and reality will remain an unconscionably wide one .

But we are given an insight into the limitations of their cognitive capabilities when we observe a spider responding to a vibrating tuning fork by attempting to wrap it up for food .
but we are given an insight into the limitations of their cognitive [abilities/skills] when we observe a spider responding to a vibrating tuning fork by attempting to wrap it up for food .

The unthinking brashness of the adult expert is altogether lacking in the youngster and our nurturing and helpful instincts are unconsciously aroused , wanting to help the recent arrival become familiar with its new physical overcoat , gently coaxing it into utilizing its full capabilities , like the mother bird calling from the twig .
the unthinking brashness of the adult expert is altogether lacking in the youngster and our nurturing and helpful instincts are unconsciously aroused , wanting to help the recent arrival become familiar with its new physical overcoat , gently coaxing it into utilizing its full [abilities/skills] , like the mother bird calling from the twig .

The swallow building nests of mud , the archer fish shooting down flies by spitting water distances of up to fifteen feet — every creature , without exception , has such intriguing inborn capabilities , if we study them .
the swallow building nests of mud , the archer fish shooting down flies by spitting water distances of up to fifteen feet — every creature , without exception , has such intriguing inborn [abilities/skills] , if we study them .

Many of his natural mental capabilities such as telepathy and clairvoyance have therefore been submerged by the incessant activity of his lower nature , to the extent that folk even perform laboratory experiments to see if such faculties actually exist .
many of his natural mental [abilities/skills] such as telepathy and clairvoyance have therefore been submerged by the incessant activity of his lower nature , to the extent that folk even perform laboratory experiments to see if such faculties actually exist .

The analytical investigation of materials has also helped evaluate the development of industrial organisation and technological capabilities — from unalloyed copper to copper alloyed with arsenic or tin ( bronze ) for example , which represented a major technological breakthrough .
the analytical investigation of materials has also helped evaluate the development of industrial organisation and technological [abilities/skills] — from unalloyed copper to copper alloyed with arsenic or tin ( bronze ) for example , which represented a major technological breakthrough .

Similarly , the ward sister must know the previous experience of the learner , what her capabilities are and what she needs to learn on the ward .
similarly , the ward sister must know the previous experience of the learner , what her [abilities/skills] are and what she needs to learn on the ward .

Too often the student and her capabilities are matched to the number of stars and stripes she has on her uniform .
too often the student and her [abilities/skills] are matched to the number of stars and stripes she has on her uniform .

To achieve this the nurse needs more than facts and skills ; she needs the capabilities represented by the higher levels of the learning hierarchy .
to achieve this the nurse needs more than facts and skills ; she needs the [abilities/skills] represented by the higher levels of the learning hierarchy .

However , such facilities fail to meet all the financial requirements of multinational corporations in today 's world ; thus banks have increased their capabilities by offering more extensive and comprehensive banking services via direct representation overseas or by strengthening correspondent relationships via consortium banks and clubs .
however , such facilities fail to meet all the financial requirements of multinational corporations in today 's world ; thus banks have increased their [abilities/skills] by offering more extensive and comprehensive banking services via direct representation overseas or by strengthening correspondent relationships via consortium banks and clubs .

In addition to these data requirements , such users are also interested in developing their capabilities for modelling the changing relationships between the supply and demand for infrastructure in the context of both public and private sector decision-making .
in addition to these data requirements , such users are also interested in developing their [abilities/skills] for modelling the changing relationships between the supply and demand for infrastructure in the context of both public and private sector decision-making .

This is particularly evident in the demand for the development of knowledge-based decision support systems and modelling capabilities .
this is particularly evident in the demand for the development of knowledge-based decision support systems and modelling [abilities/skills] .

Research eventually documented otherwise—that regimented tutoring not adjusted to the child ’ s interests and capabilities undermines rather than enhances learning , motivation , and self-control .
research eventually documented otherwise—that regimented tutoring not adjusted to the child ’ s interests and [abilities/skills] undermines rather than enhances learning , motivation , and self-control .

Recent evidence indicates that Piaget underestimated the capabilities of infants and preschoolers and the direct contribution of adults—both parents and teachers—to cognitive change .
recent evidence indicates that piaget underestimated the [abilities/skills] of infants and preschoolers and the direct contribution of adults—both parents and teachers—to cognitive change .

These and other infant capabilities set the stage for language , which develops with extraordinary speed after 1 year of age .
these and other infant [abilities/skills] set the stage for language , which develops with extraordinary speed after 1 year of age .

Parents , teachers , and school systems can work together to ensure that each child takes the next appropriate steps toward mastering the range of capabilities needed for school success .
parents , teachers , and school systems can work together to ensure that each child takes the next appropriate steps toward mastering the range of [abilities/skills] needed for school success .

Parents and teachers who maximize children ’ s communicative capabilities , through sign language , ﬁnger spelling , special computer technology , and other symbolic innovations , grant them access to the minds of others and to tools for collaborating with more capable partners in their “ zones ” —sure routes to realizing their potential .
parents and teachers who maximize children ’ s communicative [abilities/skills] , through sign language , ﬁnger spelling , special computer technology , and other symbolic innovations , grant them access to the minds of others and to tools for collaborating with more capable partners in their “ zones ” —sure routes to realizing their potential .

Rather , the intensity of adult support depends on where the task falls within the child ’ s “ zone. ” When a task lies at the outer edge of the child ’ s current capabilities , more direct guidance is necessary to bring it within range of mastery .
rather , the intensity of adult support depends on where the task falls within the child ’ s “ zone. ” when a task lies at the outer edge of the child ’ s current [abilities/skills] , more direct guidance is necessary to bring it within range of mastery .

Make-believe play provides a rich foundation for children ’ s comprehension of the mind ’ s wide-ranging capabilities .
make-believe play provides a rich foundation for children ’ s comprehension of the mind ’ s wide-ranging [abilities/skills] .

The child well aware of the mind ’ s active , transforming capabilities is more likely to attend to relevant information , to plan , to use memory and problem-solving strategies , and to evaluate and revise his or her thinking to make it more effective .
the child well aware of the mind ’ s active , transforming [abilities/skills] is more likely to attend to relevant information , to plan , to use memory and problem-solving strategies , and to evaluate and revise his or her thinking to make it more effective .

Furthermore , children who join teams so early—by ages 4 or 5—that the physical , cognitive , and social skills demanded are well beyond their current capabilities usually lose interest and want to drop out.96 Parents and coaches who criticize rather than encourage and do not let players forget about defeat prompt intense anxiety in some youngsters .
furthermore , children who join teams so early—by ages 4 or 5—that the physical , cognitive , and social skills demanded are well beyond their current [abilities/skills] usually lose interest and want to drop out.96 parents and coaches who criticize rather than encourage and do not let players forget about defeat prompt intense anxiety in some youngsters .

In a world where manufacturers must supply an increasing number of products with fashion elements , speed and flexibility are crucial capabilities for firms wrestling with product proliferation , whether they are retailers trying to offer a wide range of choices to consumers or manufacturers responding to retail demands for shipments .
in a world where manufacturers must supply an increasing number of products with fashion elements , speed and flexibility are crucial [abilities/skills] for firms wrestling with product proliferation , whether they are retailers trying to offer a wide range of choices to consumers or manufacturers responding to retail demands for shipments .

Proposition 2 : For apparel manufacturers , the key to success is no longer solely price competition but the ability to introduce sophisticated information links , forecasting capabilities , and management systems .
proposition 2 : for apparel manufacturers , the key to success is no longer solely price competition but the ability to introduce sophisticated information links , forecasting [abilities/skills] , and management systems .

As we will discuss throughout , many of the capabilities required for this model of competition are new to the apparel industry .
as we will discuss throughout , many of the [abilities/skills] required for this model of competition are new to the apparel industry .

Even if lean retailing has led to suppliers ’ wide-scale adoption of bar codes and EDI-related capabilities , divergent production strategies among suppliers have emerged .
even if lean retailing has led to suppliers ’ wide-scale adoption of bar codes and edi-related [abilities/skills] , divergent production strategies among suppliers have emerged .

The forecasting and inventory models presented in this chapter are not new ; they have been recommended for years by statisticians and operations researchers.3 However , until the 1990s , retailers had neither the data collection and computing capabilities required to execute these models effectively nor the tremendous impetus to implement them that lean retailing has precipitated .
the forecasting and inventory models presented in this chapter are not new ; they have been recommended for years by statisticians and operations researchers.3 however , until the 1990s , retailers had neither the data collection and computing [abilities/skills] required to execute these models effectively nor the tremendous impetus to implement them that lean retailing has precipitated .

The new world of rapid replenishment implies additional capabilities for both the retailer and manufacturer .
the new world of rapid replenishment implies additional [abilities/skills] for both the retailer and manufacturer .

Ironically , replenishment capabilities would be of most value to the retailer for fashion products , but because of their short product lives and the unpredictability of demand , fashion products are typically not offered on a replenishment basis .
ironically , replenishment [abilities/skills] would be of most value to the retailer for fashion products , but because of their short product lives and the unpredictability of demand , fashion products are typically not offered on a replenishment basis .

In a related vein , the future of domestic producers also relies on their development of capabilities for supplying fashion products on a replenishment basis .
in a related vein , the future of domestic producers also relies on their development of [abilities/skills] for supplying fashion products on a replenishment basis .

In addition , as we discussed in Chapter 8 , suppliers attempting mass customization of apparel products such as jeans will need similar capabilities .
in addition , as we discussed in chapter 8 , suppliers attempting mass customization of apparel products such as jeans will need similar [abilities/skills] .

Although early forays into electronic data management relied on mainframe computers , between 1988 and 1991 the company installed 45,000 cash registers equipped with microprocessors and storage capabilities .
although early forays into electronic data management relied on mainframe computers , between 1988 and 1991 the company installed 45,000 cash registers equipped with microprocessors and storage [abilities/skills] .

Once you assess your own capabilities and make your choice , the options are almost limitless .
once you assess your own [abilities/skills] and make your choice , the options are almost limitless .

She hypothesized that under-standing the patient 's perception of the interventionist 's capabilities might be as important as having detailed measurements of intervention fidelity across interventionists .
she hypothesized that under-standing the patient 's perception of the interventionist 's [abilities/skills] might be as important as having detailed measurements of intervention fidelity across interventionists .

Combating Terrorism : Federal Response Teams Provide Varied Capabilities : Opportunities Remain to Improve Coordination ( GAO-01- 14 , November 30 , 2000 ) .
combating terrorism : federal response teams provide varied [abilities/skills] : opportunities remain to improve coordination ( gao-01- 14 , november 30 , 2000 ) .

Critical Infrastructure Protection : Significant Challenges in Protecting Federal Systems and Developing Analysis and Warning Capabilities ( GAO-01-1132T , September 12 , 2001 ) .
critical infrastructure protection : significant challenges in protecting federal systems and developing analysis and warning [abilities/skills] ( gao-01-1132t , september 12 , 2001 ) .

Critical Infrastructure Protection : Significant Challenges in Developing Analysis , Warning , and Response Capabilities ( GAO-01-1005T , July 25,2001 ) .
critical infrastructure protection : significant challenges in developing analysis , warning , and response [abilities/skills] ( gao-01-1005t , july 25,2001 ) .

Critical Infrastructure Protection : Significant Challenges in Developing Analysis , Warning , and Response Capabilities ( GAO-01-769T , May 22 , 2001 ) .
critical infrastructure protection : significant challenges in developing analysis , warning , and response [abilities/skills] ( gao-01-769t , may 22 , 2001 ) .

Critical Infrastructure Protection : Significant Challenges in Developing National Capabilities ( GAO-01-323 , April 25 , 2001 ) .
critical infrastructure protection : significant challenges in developing national [abilities/skills] ( gao-01-323 , april 25 , 2001 ) .

Using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .
using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current [abilities/skills] , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .

The leading finance organizations we visited enhanced their capabilities for providing meaningful information to decisionmakers by developing management information systems that support the partnership between finance and operations , reengineering processes in conjunction with implementing new technology , and translating financial data into meaningful information .
the leading finance organizations we visited enhanced their [abilities/skills] for providing meaningful information to decisionmakers by developing management information systems that support the partnership between finance and operations , reengineering processes in conjunction with implementing new technology , and translating financial data into meaningful information .

With the capabilities of the data warehouse , OIG staff developed an analysis that identified 18 providers that had billed over 24 hours for at least 1 day during the 6 months ended December 31 , 1999 .
with the [abilities/skills] of the data warehouse , oig staff developed an analysis that identified 18 providers that had billed over 24 hours for at least 1 day during the 6 months ended december 31 , 1999 .

The MFADS project was operational in January 1998 and combines both data mining and neural network capabilities .
the mfads project was operational in january 1998 and combines both data mining and neural network [abilities/skills] .

The Security Committee , in turn , has developed a preliminary plan for addressing various aspects of the problem , established links with other federal entities involved in security issues , held a security awareness day for federal officials , and begun exploring ways to improve federal incident response capabilities .
the security committee , in turn , has developed a preliminary plan for addressing various aspects of the problem , established links with other federal entities involved in security issues , held a security awareness day for federal officials , and begun exploring ways to improve federal incident response [abilities/skills] .

They include , but are not limited to , matters concerning ( 1 ) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic capabilities , including digital signatures and integrity checks , ( 2 ) personal privacy , ( 3 ) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and permitting investigations into computer-related crimes , and ( 4 ) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools .
they include , but are not limited to , matters concerning ( 1 ) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic [abilities/skills] , including digital signatures and integrity checks , ( 2 ) personal privacy , ( 3 ) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and permitting investigations into computer-related crimes , and ( 4 ) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools .

Emerging Interest in More Precisely Measuring Cost and Benefits Several of the security managers expressed an interest in developing better measurement capabilities so that they could more precisely measure the ultimate benefits and drawbacks of security-related policies and controls -- that is , the positive and negative affects of information security on business operations .
emerging interest in more precisely measuring cost and benefits several of the security managers expressed an interest in developing better measurement [abilities/skills] so that they could more precisely measure the ultimate benefits and drawbacks of security-related policies and controls -- that is , the positive and negative affects of information security on business operations .

Each of the organizations we studied set its agenda for management reform according to its own environment , needs , and capabilities .
each of the organizations we studied set its agenda for management reform according to its own environment , needs , and [abilities/skills] .

Hard copy documentation that is necessary to support invoice examination and payment authorizations is giving way to electronic forms which reduce retention and storage costs while concurrently enhancing access capabilities .
hard copy documentation that is necessary to support invoice examination and payment authorizations is giving way to electronic forms which reduce retention and storage costs while concurrently enhancing access [abilities/skills] .

PAC-3 is designed to enhance the Patriot radar 's ability to detect and identify targets , increase system computer capabilities , improve communications , increase the number of missiles in each launcher , and incorporate a new `` hit-to-kill '' missile .
pac-3 is designed to enhance the patriot radar 's ability to detect and identify targets , increase system computer [abilities/skills] , improve communications , increase the number of missiles in each launcher , and incorporate a new `` hit-to-kill '' missile .

The `` hit-to-kill '' missile capabilities represent a major part of the development program , as these are not capabilities included in prior versions of the Patriot system .
the `` hit-to-kill '' missile [abilities/skills] represent a major part of the development program , as these are not [abilities/skills] included in prior versions of the patriot system .

These evolutionary improvements to products eventually result in the full desired capability , but in multiple steps , delivering a series of enhanced interim capabilities to the customer more quickly .
these evolutionary improvements to products eventually result in the full desired capability , but in multiple steps , delivering a series of enhanced interim [abilities/skills] to the customer more quickly .

That is , it tries to develop new products that increase the capabilities of existing product lines , but it limits the amount of new content on any one product development because new content inherently increases design risk .
that is , it tries to develop new products that increase the [abilities/skills] of existing product lines , but it limits the amount of new content on any one product development because new content inherently increases design risk .

As a result , these programs encountered significant increases in acquisition costs as well as delays in delivering capabilities to the war fighter .
as a result , these programs encountered significant increases in acquisition costs as well as delays in delivering [abilities/skills] to the war fighter .

DOD has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves .
dod has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional [abilities/skills] as technologies present themselves .

We also continued to enhance the capabilities of our computer network and successfully made our systems Y2K compliant .
we also continued to enhance the [abilities/skills] of our computer network and successfully made our systems y2k compliant .

Human capital initiatives -- $ 3,324,000 : Enabling technology initiatives to increase employee productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance employee tools available at the desktop , including such initiatives as reengineering business processes , upgrading hardware and software applications , expanding our videoconferencing capabilities , and implementing a best practices network security program -- $ 2,585,000 .
human capital initiatives -- $ 3,324,000 : enabling technology initiatives to increase employee productivity , maximize the use of technology , and enhance employee tools available at the desktop , including such initiatives as reengineering business processes , upgrading hardware and software applications , expanding our videoconferencing [abilities/skills] , and implementing a best practices network security program -- $ 2,585,000 .

The Security Committee , in turn , has developed a preliminary plan for addressing various aspects of the problem , established links with other federal entities involved in security issues , held a security awareness day for federal officials , and begun exploring ways to improve federal incident response capabilities .
the security committee , in turn , has developed a preliminary plan for addressing various aspects of the problem , established links with other federal entities involved in security issues , held a security awareness day for federal officials , and begun exploring ways to improve federal incident response [abilities/skills] .

They include , but are not limited to , matters concerning ( 1 ) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic capabilities , including digital signatures and integrity checks , ( 2 ) personal privacy , ( 3 ) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and permitting investigations into computer-related crimes , and ( 4 ) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools .
they include , but are not limited to , matters concerning ( 1 ) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic [abilities/skills] , including digital signatures and integrity checks , ( 2 ) personal privacy , ( 3 ) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and permitting investigations into computer-related crimes , and ( 4 ) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools .

Emerging Interest in More Precisely Measuring Cost and Benefits Several of the security managers expressed an interest in developing better measurement capabilities so that they could more precisely measure the ultimate benefits and drawbacks of security-related policies and controls -- that is , the positive and negative affects of information security on business operations .
emerging interest in more precisely measuring cost and benefits several of the security managers expressed an interest in developing better measurement [abilities/skills] so that they could more precisely measure the ultimate benefits and drawbacks of security-related policies and controls -- that is , the positive and negative affects of information security on business operations .

As I have discussed , my predecessors did a tremendous amount to ensure that GAO had the capacity and capabilities to serve the Congress and prepare for the future during their tenure .
as i have discussed , my predecessors did a tremendous amount to ensure that gao had the capacity and [abilities/skills] to serve the congress and prepare for the future during their tenure .

For years , federal agencies have struggled with delivering promised system capabilities on time and within budget .
for years , federal agencies have struggled with delivering promised system [abilities/skills] on time and within budget .

However , developing the information-sharing and coordination capabilities that could assist in effectively addressing computer-based threats and actual incidents has proven to be challenging as organizations grapple with ways to ensure that useful and complete data are collected ; appropriately analyzed ; protected from inappropriate disclosure ; and efficiently and effectively disseminated , often in the form of warnings .
however , developing the information-sharing and coordination [abilities/skills] that could assist in effectively addressing computer-based threats and actual incidents has proven to be challenging as organizations grapple with ways to ensure that useful and complete data are collected ; appropriately analyzed ; protected from inappropriate disclosure ; and efficiently and effectively disseminated , often in the form of warnings .

Critical Infrastructure Protection : Significant Challenges in Developing National Capabilities ( GAO-01-323 , April 25 , 2001 ) .
critical infrastructure protection : significant challenges in developing national [abilities/skills] ( gao-01-323 , april 25 , 2001 ) .

Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .
several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical [abilities/skills] and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .

It also provides leadership in the response team community by assisting organizations in developing their own emergency response capabilities .
it also provides leadership in the response team community by assisting organizations in developing their own emergency response [abilities/skills] .

However , there were significant differences in how the agencies had implemented these capabilities .
however , there were significant differences in how the agencies had implemented these [abilities/skills] .

A smart buyer also retains the requisite capabilities and technical knowledge to lead and conduct teaming activities , accurately define the technical services needed , recognize value during the acquisition of such technical services , and evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .
a smart buyer also retains the requisite [abilities/skills] and technical knowledge to lead and conduct teaming activities , accurately define the technical services needed , recognize value during the acquisition of such technical services , and evaluate the quality of services ultimately provided .

As long as the owner retains the inhouse capabilities to operate as a smart buyer of facilities , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broad range of design reviewrelated functions , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .
as long as the owner retains the inhouse [abilities/skills] to operate as a smart buyer of facilities , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broad range of design reviewrelated functions , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .

What Risks and Liabilities maintains the inhouse capabilities to perform the design reviewrelated Do Federal Agencies Face functions listed above .
what risks and liabilities maintains the inhouse [abilities/skills] to perform the design reviewrelated do federal agencies face functions listed above .

Employees ' capabilities also play an important role in achieving performance improvements , and training is a key factor enabling employee involvement .
employees ' [abilities/skills] also play an important role in achieving performance improvements , and training is a key factor enabling employee involvement .

The CIOs themselves must meet the challenges of building credible organizations , and developing and organizing information management capabilities to meet agency mission needs .
the cios themselves must meet the challenges of building credible organizations , and developing and organizing information management [abilities/skills] to meet agency mission needs .

Specifically , federal organizations must overcome the challenges of effectively linking information technology and management to agency missions , positioning and legitimizing information management leadership , measuring performance , and building capabilities and skills .
specifically , federal organizations must overcome the challenges of effectively linking information technology and management to agency missions , positioning and legitimizing information management leadership , measuring performance , and building [abilities/skills] and skills .

Further , in principle V , while leading organizations are flexible in reassigning staff and structuring capabilities across business and technology lines , federal staffing practices and organizational structures are less flexible in nature .
further , in principle v , while leading organizations are flexible in reassigning staff and structuring [abilities/skills] across business and technology lines , federal staffing practices and organizational structures are less flexible in nature .

Following the CEO « s lead , members of the senior executive team learn to value the advice of the CIO in setting business directions and developing strategies for improving organizational capabilities and competitiveness .
following the ceo « s lead , members of the senior executive team learn to value the advice of the cio in setting business directions and developing strategies for improving organizational [abilities/skills] and competitiveness .

Diversities in corporate missions , structures , cultures , and capabilities prohibit a prescriptive approach to information management leadership .
diversities in corporate missions , structures , cultures , and [abilities/skills] prohibit a prescriptive approach to information management leadership .

Studying existing IT capabilities helps define the structure and responsibilities of the new CIO organization .
studying existing it [abilities/skills] helps define the structure and responsibilities of the new cio organization .

Three additional phases involve testing the system « s basic data-sharing function and adding new capabilities such as data importing , on-line processing , and document management .
three additional phases involve testing the system « s basic data-sharing function and adding new [abilities/skills] such as data importing , on-line processing , and document management .

The organizations provide reliable information management capabilities on a daily basis , but also look to the future by pursuing new initiatives that show how technology can improve the business of tomorrow .
the organizations provide reliable information management [abilities/skills] on a daily basis , but also look to the future by pursuing new initiatives that show how technology can improve the business of tomorrow .

Leading organizations recognize the myriad forces driving their IT capabilities .
leading organizations recognize the myriad forces driving their it [abilities/skills] .

Needed skills are compared with existing capabilities in the organization to determine gaps in the IT skills base .
needed skills are compared with existing [abilities/skills] in the organization to determine gaps in the it skills base .

Strengthening the skills and capabilities of IT professionals through training and innovative hiring practices is part of a formula for building information technology and management capabilities .
strengthening the skills and [abilities/skills] of it professionals through training and innovative hiring practices is part of a formula for building information technology and management [abilities/skills] .

Leading organizations sometimes use surveys that compare missing capabilities with market availability to determine what skills to acquire through hired professionals .
leading organizations sometimes use surveys that compare missing [abilities/skills] with market availability to determine what skills to acquire through hired professionals .

Working together , the members reflect the interests of not just information technology and management , but the user community and the project « s stakeholders , and provide a holistic blend of technical , project management , value management , budget , finance , and procurement skills and capabilities to meet mission needs .
working together , the members reflect the interests of not just information technology and management , but the user community and the project « s stakeholders , and provide a holistic blend of technical , project management , value management , budget , finance , and procurement skills and [abilities/skills] to meet mission needs .

If the clients require extended service or representation , their cases are then matched with staff of any of the three programs depending on the specific language capabilities of each program .
if the clients require extended service or representation , their cases are then matched with staff of any of the three programs depending on the specific language [abilities/skills] of each program .

Developing programmatic and financial capabilities to reach more clients with a wider range of services .
developing programmatic and financial [abilities/skills] to reach more clients with a wider range of services .

Additionally , the Acid Rain cap and trade program is administered with a relatively small staff relying on strong , state-of-the-art data tracking and reporting capabilities .
additionally , the acid rain cap and trade program is administered with a relatively small staff relying on strong , state-of-the-art data tracking and reporting [abilities/skills] .

The program is administered with a relatively small staff relying on strong and state-of-the-art data tracking and reporting capabilities .
the program is administered with a relatively small staff relying on strong and state-of-the-art data tracking and reporting [abilities/skills] .

Niche classifications are specialized mail classifications- including reduced , but cost-justified rates or fees-that have been developed by the Postal Service in direct consultation with its customers , to meet the needs and capabilities of a mailer or group of mailers .
niche classifications are specialized mail classifications- including reduced , but cost-justified rates or fees-that have been developed by the postal service in direct consultation with its customers , to meet the needs and [abilities/skills] of a mailer or group of mailers .

The task of accounting for and coordinating the units was rendered difficult , if not impossible , by internal communications breakdowns resulting from the limited capabilities of radios in the high-rise environment of the WTC and from confusion over which personnel were assigned to which frequency .
the task of accounting for and coordinating the units was rendered difficult , if not impossible , by internal communications breakdowns resulting from the limited [abilities/skills] of radios in the high-rise environment of the wtc and from confusion over which personnel were assigned to which frequency .

Significant shortcomings within the FDNY 's command and control capabilities were painfully exposed on September 11 .
significant shortcomings within the fdny 's command and control [abilities/skills] were painfully exposed on september 11 .

The 9/11 crisis tested the U.S. government 's plans and capabilities to ensure the continuity of constitutional government and the continuity of government operations .
the 9/11 crisis tested the u.s. government 's plans and [abilities/skills] to ensure the continuity of constitutional government and the continuity of government operations .

Assistant DCI Charles Allen did redouble his efforts to coordinate and improve collection at the tactical level , but this was not a plan to address larger weaknesses in the fundamental capabilities of the intelligence community .
assistant dci charles allen did redouble his efforts to coordinate and improve collection at the tactical level , but this was not a plan to address larger weaknesses in the fundamental [abilities/skills] of the intelligence community .

That is , it should be an authoritative reference base on the transnational terrorist organizations : their people , goals , strategies , capabilities , networks of contacts and support , the context in which they operate , and their characteristic habits across the life cycle of operations-recruitment , reconnaissance , target selection , logistics , and travel .
that is , it should be an authoritative reference base on the transnational terrorist organizations : their people , goals , strategies , [abilities/skills] , networks of contacts and support , the context in which they operate , and their characteristic habits across the life cycle of operations-recruitment , reconnaissance , target selection , logistics , and travel .

On Bin Ladin 's use of technical equipment to promote his intelligence/security capabilities , see Intelligence report , Terrorism : Usama Bin Ladin 's Intelligence Capabilities and Techniques , Dec. 5 , 1996 .
on bin ladin 's use of technical equipment to promote his intelligence/security [abilities/skills] , see intelligence report , terrorism : usama bin ladin 's intelligence [abilities/skills] and techniques , dec. 5 , 1996 .

Thus , the FBI must not only continue to bring on board more linguists , it must also continue to take advantage of technology and best practices to prioritize its workflow , enhance its capabilities , and ensure compliance with its quality control program .
thus , the fbi must not only continue to bring on board more linguists , it must also continue to take advantage of technology and best practices to prioritize its workflow , enhance its [abilities/skills] , and ensure compliance with its quality control program .

See , e.g. , Fifth Annual Report to the President and the Congress of the Advisory Panel to Assess Domestic Response Capabilities for Terrorism Involving Weapons of Mass Destruction , '' Forging America 's New Normalcy : Securing our Homeland , Preserving our Liberty , '' Dec. 15,2003 .
see , e.g. , fifth annual report to the president and the congress of the advisory panel to assess domestic response [abilities/skills] for terrorism involving weapons of mass destruction , '' forging america 's new normalcy : securing our homeland , preserving our liberty , '' dec. 15,2003 .

Our overview of U.S. capabilities for dealing with it thus begins with the nation 's vast complex of law enforcement agencies .
our overview of u.s. [abilities/skills] for dealing with it thus begins with the nation 's vast complex of law enforcement agencies .

It directed the State Department `` to intensify efforts to achieve cooperation of other governments '' and the CIA to `` intensify use of liaison and other intelligence capabilities and also to develop plans and capability to preempt groups and individuals planning strikes against U.S .
it directed the state department `` to intensify efforts to achieve cooperation of other governments '' and the cia to `` intensify use of liaison and other intelligence [abilities/skills] and also to develop plans and capability to preempt groups and individuals planning strikes against u.s .

In particular , the growing threat and capabilities of Bin Ladin were not understood in Congress .
in particular , the growing threat and [abilities/skills] of bin ladin were not understood in congress .

They developed a plan that , unlike Clarke 's , called not for particular strikes but instead for a broad change in national strategy and in the institutional approach of the Department of Defense , implying a possible need for large-scale operations across the whole spectrum of U.S. military capabilities .
they developed a plan that , unlike clarke 's , called not for particular strikes but instead for a broad change in national strategy and in the institutional approach of the department of defense , implying a possible need for large-scale operations across the whole spectrum of u.s. military [abilities/skills] .

Zinni 's distinct preference would have been to build up counterterrorism capabilities in neighboring countries such as Uzbekistan .
zinni 's distinct preference would have been to build up counterterrorism [abilities/skills] in neighboring countries such as uzbekistan .

Both departments would consult with NATO and other allies and request intelligence , basing , and other support from countries , according to their capabilities and resources .
both departments would consult with nato and other allies and request intelligence , basing , and other support from countries , according to their [abilities/skills] and resources .

According to a senior CIA officer who helped devise the overall strategy , the CIA provided intelligence , experience , cash , covert action capabilities , and entr�e to tribal allies .
according to a senior cia officer who helped devise the overall strategy , the cia provided intelligence , experience , cash , covert action [abilities/skills] , and entr�e to tribal allies .

Expanding these capabilities will require not just money , but time .
expanding these [abilities/skills] will require not just money , but time .

It should develop net assessments ( comparing enemy capabilities and intentions against U.S. defenses and countermeasures ) .
it should develop net assessments ( comparing enemy [abilities/skills] and intentions against u.s. defenses and countermeasures ) .

We reflect on whether the government is organized adequately to direct resources and build the intelligence capabilities it will need not just for countering terrorism , but for the broader range of national security challenges in the decades ahead .
we reflect on whether the government is organized adequately to direct resources and build the intelligence [abilities/skills] it will need not just for countering terrorism , but for the broader range of national security challenges in the decades ahead .

Divided management of national intelligence capabilities .
divided management of national intelligence [abilities/skills] .

While the CIA was once `` central '' to our national intelligence capabilities , following the end of the Cold War it has been less able to influence the use of the nation 's imagery and signals intelligence capabilities in three national agencies housed within the Department of Defense : the National Security Agency , the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency , and the National Reconnaissance Office .
while the cia was once `` central '' to our national intelligence [abilities/skills] , following the end of the cold war it has been less able to influence the use of the nation 's imagery and signals intelligence [abilities/skills] in three national agencies housed within the department of defense : the national security agency , the national geospatial-intelligence agency , and the national reconnaissance office .

The National Intelligence Director should approve and submit nominations to the president of the individuals who would lead the CIA , DIA , FBI Intelligence Office , NSA , NGA , NRO , Information Analysis and Infrastructure Protection Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security , and other national intelligence capabilities .
the national intelligence director should approve and submit nominations to the president of the individuals who would lead the cia , dia , fbi intelligence office , nsa , nga , nro , information analysis and infrastructure protection directorate of the department of homeland security , and other national intelligence [abilities/skills] .

The CIA will be able to concentrate on building the capabilities to carry out such operations and on providing the personnel who will be directing and executing such operations in the field .
the cia will be able to concentrate on building the [abilities/skills] to carry out such operations and on providing the personnel who will be directing and executing such operations in the field .

Rebuilding the analytic and human intelligence collection capabilities of the CIA should be a full-time effort , and the director of the CIA should focus on extending its comparative advantages .
rebuilding the analytic and human intelligence collection [abilities/skills] of the cia should be a full-time effort , and the director of the cia should focus on extending its comparative advantages .

Recommendation : The CIA Director should emphasize ( a ) rebuilding the CIA 's analytic capabilities ; ( b ) transforming the clandestine service by building its human intelligence capabilities ; ( c ) developing a stronger language program , with high standards and sufficient financial incentives ; ( d ) renewing emphasis on recruiting diversity among operations officers so they can blend more easily in foreign cities ; ( e ) ensuring a seamless relationship between human source collection and signals collection at the operational level ; and ( f ) stressing a better balance between unilateral and liaison operations .
recommendation : the cia director should emphasize ( a ) rebuilding the cia 's analytic [abilities/skills] ; ( b ) transforming the clandestine service by building its human intelligence [abilities/skills] ; ( c ) developing a stronger language program , with high standards and sufficient financial incentives ; ( d ) renewing emphasis on recruiting diversity among operations officers so they can blend more easily in foreign cities ; ( e ) ensuring a seamless relationship between human source collection and signals collection at the operational level ; and ( f ) stressing a better balance between unilateral and liaison operations .

There it should be consolidated with the capabilities for training , direction , and execution of such operations already being developed in the Special Operations Command .
there it should be consolidated with the [abilities/skills] for training , direction , and execution of such operations already being developed in the special operations command .

Whether the price is measured in either money or people , the United States can not afford to build two separate capabilities for carrying out secret military operations , secretly operating standoff missiles , and secretly training foreign military or paramilitary forces .
whether the price is measured in either money or people , the united states can not afford to build two separate [abilities/skills] for carrying out secret military operations , secretly operating standoff missiles , and secretly training foreign military or paramilitary forces .

Each agency would concentrate on its comparative advantages in building capabilities for joint missions .
each agency would concentrate on its comparative advantages in building [abilities/skills] for joint missions .

It is a problem to be resolved in policy guidance and agency management , not in the creation of redundant , overlapping capabilities and authorities in such sensitive work .
it is a problem to be resolved in policy guidance and agency management , not in the creation of redundant , overlapping [abilities/skills] and authorities in such sensitive work .

Opponents of declassification argue that America 's enemies could learn about intelligence capabilities by tracking the top-line appropriations figure .
opponents of declassification argue that america 's enemies could learn about intelligence [abilities/skills] by tracking the top-line appropriations figure .

Under Director Robert Mueller , the Bureau has made significant progress in improving its intelligence capabilities .
under director robert mueller , the bureau has made significant progress in improving its intelligence [abilities/skills] .

These capabilities are still embryonic .
these [abilities/skills] are still embryonic .

Building New Capabilities : The CIA The after-action review had treated the CIA as the lead agency for any offensive against al Qaeda , and the principals , at their March 10 meeting , had endorsed strengthening the CIA 's capability for that role .
building new [abilities/skills] : the cia the after-action review had treated the cia as the lead agency for any offensive against al qaeda , and the principals , at their march 10 meeting , had endorsed strengthening the cia 's capability for that role .

To the CTC , that meant proceeding with `` the Plan , '' which it had put forward half a year earlier-hiring and training more case officers and building up the capabilities of foreign security services that provided intelligence via liaison .
to the ctc , that meant proceeding with `` the plan , '' which it had put forward half a year earlier-hiring and training more case officers and building up the [abilities/skills] of foreign security services that provided intelligence via liaison .

The FBI was struggling to build up its institutional capabilities to do more against terrorism , relying on a strategy called MAXCAP 05 that had been unveiled in the summer of 2000 .
the fbi was struggling to build up its institutional [abilities/skills] to do more against terrorism , relying on a strategy called maxcap 05 that had been unveiled in the summer of 2000 .

We believe the 9/11 attacks revealed four kinds of failures : in imagination , policy , capabilities , and management .
we believe the 9/11 attacks revealed four kinds of failures : in imagination , policy , [abilities/skills] , and management .

Our government could spark a full public discussion of who Usama Bin Ladin was , what kind of organization he led , what Bin Ladin or al Qaeda intended , what past attacks they had sponsored or encouraged , and what capabilities they were bringing together for future assaults .
our government could spark a full public discussion of who usama bin ladin was , what kind of organization he led , what bin ladin or al qaeda intended , what past attacks they had sponsored or encouraged , and what [abilities/skills] they were bringing together for future assaults .

Another possibility , short of putting U.S. personnel on the ground , was to issue a blunt ultimatum to the Taliban , backed by a readiness to at least launch an indefinite air campaign to disable that regime 's limited military capabilities and tip the balance in Afghanistan 's ongoing civil war .
another possibility , short of putting u.s. personnel on the ground , was to issue a blunt ultimatum to the taliban , backed by a readiness to at least launch an indefinite air campaign to disable that regime 's limited military [abilities/skills] and tip the balance in afghanistan 's ongoing civil war .

CAPABILITIES Earlier chapters describe in detail the actions decided on by the Clinton and Bush administrations .
[abilities/skills] earlier chapters describe in detail the actions decided on by the clinton and bush administrations .

Before 9/11 , the United States tried to solve the al Qaeda problem with the same government institutions and capabilities it had used in the last stages of the Cold War and its immediate aftermath .
before 9/11 , the united states tried to solve the al qaeda problem with the same government institutions and [abilities/skills] it had used in the last stages of the cold war and its immediate aftermath .

These capabilities were insufficient , but little was done to expand or reform them .
these [abilities/skills] were insufficient , but little was done to expand or reform them .

The CIA 's capacity to conduct paramilitary operations with its own personnel was not large , and the Agency did not seek a large-scale general expansion of these capabilities before 9/11 .
the cia 's capacity to conduct paramilitary operations with its own personnel was not large , and the agency did not seek a large-scale general expansion of these [abilities/skills] before 9/11 .

The most serious weaknesses in agency capabilities were in the domestic arena .
the most serious weaknesses in agency [abilities/skills] were in the domestic arena .

The major pre-9/11 effort to strengthen domestic agency capabilities came in 2000 , as part of a millennium after-action review .
the major pre-9/11 effort to strengthen domestic agency [abilities/skills] came in 2000 , as part of a millennium after-action review .

The FAA 's capabilities to take aggressive , anticipatory security measures were especially weak .
the faa 's [abilities/skills] to take aggressive , anticipatory security measures were especially weak .

Government agencies also sometimes display a tendency to match capabilities to mission by defining away the hardest part of their job .
government agencies also sometimes display a tendency to match [abilities/skills] to mission by defining away the hardest part of their job .

Such a management strategy would define the capabilities the intelligence community must acquire for such a war-from language training to collection systems to analysts .
such a management strategy would define the [abilities/skills] the intelligence community must acquire for such a war-from language training to collection systems to analysts .

It would then detail the proposed expenditures and organizational changes required to acquire and implement these capabilities .
it would then detail the proposed expenditures and organizational changes required to acquire and implement these [abilities/skills] .

They said the CIA as a whole had been badly damaged by prior budget constraints and that capabilities needed to be restored across the board .
they said the cia as a whole had been badly damaged by prior budget constraints and that [abilities/skills] needed to be restored across the board .

They also stressed the synergy between improvements of every part of the Agency and the capabilities that the CTC or stations overseas could draw 41 on in the war on terror .
they also stressed the synergy between improvements of every part of the agency and the [abilities/skills] that the ctc or stations overseas could draw 41 on in the war on terror .

The U.S. government must build the capacities to prevent a 9/11-scale plot from succeeding , and those capabilities will help greatly to cope with lesser but still devastating attacks .
the u.s. government must build the capacities to prevent a 9/11-scale plot from succeeding , and those [abilities/skills] will help greatly to cope with lesser but still devastating attacks .

On the other side of the frontier , U.S. forces in Afghanistan have found it challenging to organize effective joint operations , given Pakistan 's limited capabilities and reluctance to permit U.S. military operations on its soil .
on the other side of the frontier , u.s. forces in afghanistan have found it challenging to organize effective joint operations , given pakistan 's limited [abilities/skills] and reluctance to permit u.s. military operations on its soil .

In May 2003 , the Bush administration announced the Proliferation Security Initiative ( PSI ) : nations in a willing partnership combining their national capabilities to use military , economic , and diplomatic tools to interdict threatening shipments of WMD and missile-related technology .
in may 2003 , the bush administration announced the proliferation security initiative ( psi ) : nations in a willing partnership combining their national [abilities/skills] to use military , economic , and diplomatic tools to interdict threatening shipments of wmd and missile-related technology .

Command , Control , and Communications The attacks on 9/11 demonstrated that even the most robust emergency response capabilities can be overwhelmed if an attack is large enough .
command , control , and communications the attacks on 9/11 demonstrated that even the most robust emergency response [abilities/skills] can be overwhelmed if an attack is large enough .

Preparedness in the private sector and public sector for rescue , restart , and recovery of operations should include ( 1 ) a plan for evacuation , ( 2 ) adequate communications capabilities , and ( 3 ) a plan for continuity of operations .
preparedness in the private sector and public sector for rescue , restart , and recovery of operations should include ( 1 ) a plan for evacuation , ( 2 ) adequate communications [abilities/skills] , and ( 3 ) a plan for continuity of operations .

Understandable though the decision to use page images may have been eight years ago , future user-friendly access requires searching capabilities across full-text , which page images can not supply .
understandable though the decision to use page images may have been eight years ago , future user-friendly access requires searching [abilities/skills] across full-text , which page images can not supply .

These days , diatoms and their exquisite shells are also attracting the attention of nanotechnologists who hope that diatoms will teach them how to make minute structures currently beyond the capabilities of materials scientists .
these days , diatoms and their exquisite shells are also attracting the attention of nanotechnologists who hope that diatoms will teach them how to make minute structures currently beyond the [abilities/skills] of materials scientists .

The essence of the idea is to undertake an interdisciplinary effort that couples our current bioinformatics capabilities to predict protein function with a directed exploration by experimental laboratories to test those predictions .
the essence of the idea is to undertake an interdisciplinary effort that couples our current bioinformatics [abilities/skills] to predict protein function with a directed exploration by experimental laboratories to test those predictions .

At present , no computer-based system comes close to matching these capabilities .
at present , no computer-based system comes close to matching these [abilities/skills] .

Further , reagent consumption for the microchip system can be reduced by a similar factor relative to flow cytometry , while sample storage and shipping costs are expected to be reduced dramatically by virtue of the point-of-care capabilities of this new lab-on-a-chip structure .
further , reagent consumption for the microchip system can be reduced by a similar factor relative to flow cytometry , while sample storage and shipping costs are expected to be reduced dramatically by virtue of the point-of-care [abilities/skills] of this new lab-on-a-chip structure .

The machine is a harness of four mechanical arms designed with tentacle-like flexibility , gripping and vision capabilities , and an artificial intelligence module that gives them some autonomy .
the machine is a harness of four mechanical arms designed with tentacle-like flexibility , gripping and vision [abilities/skills] , and an artificial intelligence module that gives them some autonomy .

Nor is any human capable of reconciling autonomy vs doubt of her capabilities , love vs hate , like vs dislike , or any other thing we see as dichotomous , bifurcated , opposite -- because binaries are also inadequate to contain the complex variability of situations and lead to rigid distinctions about what is inside and what is outside , what is good and what is bad , what is functional and what is dysfunctional .
nor is any human capable of reconciling autonomy vs doubt of her [abilities/skills] , love vs hate , like vs dislike , or any other thing we see as dichotomous , bifurcated , opposite -- because binaries are also inadequate to contain the complex variability of situations and lead to rigid distinctions about what is inside and what is outside , what is good and what is bad , what is functional and what is dysfunctional .

This unique and new warfighting concept underpins the massive reorganisation and new initiatives impacting both the operational and intelligence community capabilities .
this unique and new warfighting concept underpins the massive reorganisation and new initiatives impacting both the operational and intelligence community [abilities/skills] .

Among other things , the piece says that President Johnson ( and President Kennedy before him ) sounded out the Soviet Union on heading off China 's nuclear capabilities , but the Soviet Union flatly ignored the overtures .
among other things , the piece says that president johnson ( and president kennedy before him ) sounded out the soviet union on heading off china 's nuclear [abilities/skills] , but the soviet union flatly ignored the overtures .

Once flight capabilities are established and demonstrated in a motion picture , they must be used consistently and logically throughout , without regard to the convenience of the filmmakers .
once flight [abilities/skills] are established and demonstrated in a motion picture , they must be used consistently and logically throughout , without regard to the convenience of the filmmakers .

You ca n't even use it to spy on a nanny , since it has no hidden camera capabilities .
you ca n't even use it to spy on a nanny , since it has no hidden camera [abilities/skills] .

It said his main task -- in addition to improving military capabilities and technology in Europe `` so that all members , not just the bigger ones , can play their full parts in operations such as Kosovo '' -- was to ensure that NATO `` continues to function as one , unified alliance . ''
it said his main task -- in addition to improving military [abilities/skills] and technology in europe `` so that all members , not just the bigger ones , can play their full parts in operations such as kosovo '' -- was to ensure that nato `` continues to function as one , unified alliance . ''

As computers get faster , they will surpass human capabilities in these limited domains .
as computers get faster , they will surpass human [abilities/skills] in these limited domains .

Scientists would n't be able to find such evidence in the nearby star systems that we have searched thus far ; and the tools we use for detection have limited capabilities .
scientists would n't be able to find such evidence in the nearby star systems that we have searched thus far ; and the tools we use for detection have limited [abilities/skills] .

In Israel , the conservative Jerusalem Post expressed the hope Monday that the decision made at the Wye Plantation talks to establish `` a strategic planning committee '' between Israel and the United States might strengthen the American commitment to protect Israel 's security against its Middle East neighbors with nuclear capabilities .
in israel , the conservative jerusalem post expressed the hope monday that the decision made at the wye plantation talks to establish `` a strategic planning committee '' between israel and the united states might strengthen the american commitment to protect israel 's security against its middle east neighbors with nuclear [abilities/skills] .

The current lawsuit would have Microsoft ignore the most important recent development in computing -- the Internet -- by shipping a version of Windows that omits the critical Internet capabilities .
the current lawsuit would have microsoft ignore the most important recent development in computing -- the internet -- by shipping a version of windows that omits the critical internet [abilities/skills] .

The editorial described India as `` an overpopulated country with a fractious , hungry population , an unstable government , and age-old hatred with its neighbours '' and said `` the world has good reason to be nervous '' about that country 's new nuclear capabilities .
the editorial described india as `` an overpopulated country with a fractious , hungry population , an unstable government , and age-old hatred with its neighbours '' and said `` the world has good reason to be nervous '' about that country 's new nuclear [abilities/skills] .

The WP runs a profile of Ritter inside , revealing that he once rattled Norman Schwarzkopf by turning up evidence that the U.S. Gulf War air campaign had not destroyed Iraqi mobile missile capabilities .
the wp runs a profile of ritter inside , revealing that he once rattled norman schwarzkopf by turning up evidence that the u.s. gulf war air campaign had not destroyed iraqi mobile missile [abilities/skills] .

As proof that women 's employers value looks over capabilities , she cites the then-growing ranks of consultants hired by women to polish their professional appeal .
as proof that women 's employers value looks over [abilities/skills] , she cites the then-growing ranks of consultants hired by women to polish their professional appeal .

In it , Clancy states that we do n't seem to have the answers to very many of the questions relevant to attacking Iraq 's chemical and biological warfare capabilities .
in it , clancy states that we do n't seem to have the answers to very many of the questions relevant to attacking iraq 's chemical and biological warfare [abilities/skills] .

The Times does add something incendiary to the China pile : The DOJ blocked the release of a classified Pentagon report holding that the satellite help China received under Clinton harmed U.S. national security , by upgrading Chinese missile capabilities .
the times does add something incendiary to the china pile : the doj blocked the release of a classified pentagon report holding that the satellite help china received under clinton harmed u.s. national security , by upgrading chinese missile [abilities/skills] .

Yet on the WP 's front , R. Jeffrey Smith makes the point that if U.S. military planners do attack Iraq , they will be drawing in part on data about Iraqi capabilities and targets collected by the U.N. teams .
yet on the wp 's front , r. jeffrey smith makes the point that if u.s. military planners do attack iraq , they will be drawing in part on data about iraqi [abilities/skills] and targets collected by the u.n. teams .

There 's the report by the CIA of the very real possibility that Iran may now have nuclear capabilities .
there 's the report by the cia of the very real possibility that iran may now have nuclear [abilities/skills] .

The NYT top-fronts Kofi Annan 's choice of former U.N. arms monitor Rolf Ekeus to lead a new U.N. commission that will attempt to complete the task of assessing the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons capabilities of Saddam Hussein .
the nyt top-fronts kofi annan 's choice of former u.n. arms monitor rolf ekeus to lead a new u.n. commission that will attempt to complete the task of assessing the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons [abilities/skills] of saddam hussein .

The 56-plane fleet only flies at night ( which explains why it 's painted black ) because it has no air-to-air combat capabilities .
the 56-plane fleet only flies at night ( which explains why it 's painted black ) because it has no air-to-air combat [abilities/skills] .

I have basic Web browsing capabilities and a word processor .
i have basic web browsing [abilities/skills] and a word processor .

I am totally disabled with a spinal-cord disease and I have limited emotional , financial , and physical capabilities .
i am totally disabled with a spinal-cord disease and i have limited emotional , financial , and physical [abilities/skills] .

I accept what you say about having limited financial and physical capabilities .
i accept what you say about having limited financial and physical [abilities/skills] .

I do n't think you are right about having limited emotional capabilities .
i do n't think you are right about having limited emotional [abilities/skills] .

The emotional capabilities you describe as limited will grow as they are used .
the emotional [abilities/skills] you describe as limited will grow as they are used .

Indeed , it is important that teen-agers should recognize that they are becoming adults , and that they are not in some playground where they have full capabilities and no responsibilities .
indeed , it is important that teen-agers should recognize that they are becoming adults , and that they are not in some playground where they have full [abilities/skills] and no responsibilities .

Like Russia and the United States , China ripped off its commercial space capabilities from its weapons program .
like russia and the united states , china ripped off its commercial space [abilities/skills] from its weapons program .

This new page is not to be confused with our ( also fairly new ) Internet Explorer 4.0 contents page , designed to take advantage of the capabilities of the Internet Explorer 4.0 browser .
this new page is not to be confused with our ( also fairly new ) internet explorer 4.0 contents page , designed to take advantage of the [abilities/skills] of the internet explorer 4.0 browser .

You do n't have to be conspiracy nut to worry about a huge organization with high-tech espionage capabilities and a criminal record looking around for something to do .
you do n't have to be conspiracy nut to worry about a huge organization with high-tech espionage [abilities/skills] and a criminal record looking around for something to do .

The one place where adopted names retain an organic vitality is in occupations where professionals can still claim some prestige based on a perception of personal exploits or exotic capabilities , such as organized crime ( Gregory `` The Grim Reaper '' Scarpa , Anthony `` Gas Pipe '' Casso ) and pornographic entertainment ( Lisa Lipps , Sandra Scream -- to name two of the more serene ) .
the one place where adopted names retain an organic vitality is in occupations where professionals can still claim some prestige based on a perception of personal exploits or exotic [abilities/skills] , such as organized crime ( gregory `` the grim reaper '' scarpa , anthony `` gas pipe '' casso ) and pornographic entertainment ( lisa lipps , sandra scream -- to name two of the more serene ) .

The New York Times off-leads that development , but leads with a story first tipped by the Wall Street Journal yesterday , the Clinton administration 's decision to reject the sale of a $ 450 million satellite to a Chinese business consortium because of concerns about hurting U.S. security and boosting Chinese military capabilities .
the new york times off-leads that development , but leads with a story first tipped by the wall street journal yesterday , the clinton administration 's decision to reject the sale of a $ 450 million satellite to a chinese business consortium because of concerns about hurting u.s. security and boosting chinese military [abilities/skills] .

Stamford , Lincolnshire The Multilingual PC Directory This descriptive catalogue lists about 300 multilingual and foreign language products for IBM PCs and compatibles , “ supporting as many languages , which are available in over 70 countries from over 1000 manufacturers , publishers , and affiliates. ” It includes product profiles , describing the main features and noteworthy multilingual or foreign language capabilities , computer and software requirements , languages supported , any known reviews , and price information in local currency ( but with currency conversion ) , detailed costs of shipping and technical support as well as credit card and other charges .
stamford , lincolnshire the multilingual pc directory this descriptive catalogue lists about 300 multilingual and foreign language products for ibm pcs and compatibles , “ supporting as many languages , which are available in over 70 countries from over 1000 manufacturers , publishers , and affiliates. ” it includes product profiles , describing the main features and noteworthy multilingual or foreign language [abilities/skills] , computer and software requirements , languages supported , any known reviews , and price information in local currency ( but with currency conversion ) , detailed costs of shipping and technical support as well as credit card and other charges .

