One additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the East River Drive by fifty percent .
one additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying [ability/skill] of the east river drive by fifty percent .

ICBMs have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways .
icbms have given us a [ability/skill] which could be used in two different ways .

In order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles .
in order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer [ability/skill] in addition to our missiles .

Large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today .
large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the [ability/skill] to take off from 3,000-foot runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today .

If our SAC bombers were , today , capable of surviving a surprise missile attack and because of infinite dispersion or long endurance had the capability to strike at Russia again , and again , and again , those bombers would unquestionably assure our military dominance .
if our sac bombers were , today , capable of surviving a surprise missile attack and because of infinite dispersion or long endurance had the [ability/skill] to strike at russia again , and again , and again , those bombers would unquestionably assure our military dominance .

-- The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war .
-- the deterrent power of our armed forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory [ability/skill] and their [ability/skill] to conduct other essential operations in any form of war .

The first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers , carrier-based aircraft , and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles .
the first [ability/skill] is represented by a combination of manned bombers , carrier-based aircraft , and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles .

The second capability is represented by our deployed ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement .
the second [ability/skill] is represented by our deployed ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement .

The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability .
the strategic air command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear [ability/skill] .

It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability .
it has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense [ability/skill] .

Some limitations of one element can be compensated for by a capability of another .
some limitations of one element can be compensated for by a [ability/skill] of another .

Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements .
elements used in combination will increase the over-all [ability/skill] more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements .

No general installation should be made until a model installation has been proved and its maximum capability determined .
no general installation should be made until a model installation has been proved and its maximum [ability/skill] determined .

Hundreds of keen gardeners have been visiting Blenheim Palace … not to inspect Capability Brown 's work , but to look at the best of the country 's autumn flowers .
hundreds of keen gardeners have been visiting blenheim palace … not to inspect [ability/skill] brown 's work , but to look at the best of the country 's autumn flowers .

Croome Court was built around 1750 by Capability Brown for Lord Coventry .
croome court was built around 1750 by [ability/skill] brown for lord coventry .

The open green space which replaced it is typical of the style of Lancelot ’ Capability ’ Brown — the landscape gardener who dominated garden design in the eighteenth century .
the open green space which replaced it is typical of the style of lancelot ’ [ability/skill] ’ brown — the landscape gardener who dominated garden design in the eighteenth century .

There was once a rockery-keeper living in this cottage on the estate — it was his full-time job to take care of the rockery which was above the cascade created by Capability Brown , which does still exist .
there was once a rockery-keeper living in this cottage on the estate — it was his full-time job to take care of the rockery which was above the cascade created by [ability/skill] brown , which does still exist .

The Bear 's agressive capability belongs to the past .
the bear 's agressive [ability/skill] belongs to the past .

Well Tony 's a good driver . It 's the other idiots ! It 's not my capability
well tony 's a good driver . it 's the other idiots ! it 's not my [ability/skill]

it 's , or , or my driver 's capability that worry me
it 's , or , or my driver 's [ability/skill] that worry me

Her letter adds : ‘ Until elimination of those stocks is achieved , Labour will retain Britain 's nuclear capability , with the number of warheads no greater than the present total . ’
her letter adds : ‘ until elimination of those stocks is achieved , labour will retain britain 's nuclear [ability/skill] , with the number of warheads no greater than the present total . ’

He argued that the region 's low population density meant that small councils , while locally accountable , did not have a wide enough tax base or the strategic planning capability of the regional council .
he argued that the region 's low population density meant that small councils , while locally accountable , did not have a wide enough tax base or the strategic planning [ability/skill] of the regional council .

Mr de Klerk said the National Party government decided in 1974 to develop a nuclear capability when Soviet expansionism under the late President Leonid Brezhnev was a growing threat in southern Africa .
mr de klerk said the national party government decided in 1974 to develop a nuclear [ability/skill] when soviet expansionism under the late president leonid brezhnev was a growing threat in southern africa .

The objective had been to build seven nuclear bombs — the minimum necessary for testing purposes and for the maintenance of a credible deterrent capability .
the objective had been to build seven nuclear bombs — the minimum necessary for testing purposes and for the maintenance of a credible deterrent [ability/skill] .

He had an intuitive capability of bringing the best out in people .
he had an intuitive [ability/skill] of bringing the best out in people .

This amazing £250,000 Japanese import is apparently so sophisticated that it is beyond its capability to frank more than one all-purpose hybrid place of origin on its postmark , viz ‘ Cumbria ’ occupying the whole upper half of the disc , with ‘ Dumfries & Galloway ’ ( nearly three times the length ) squeezed into the lower half .
this amazing £250,000 japanese import is apparently so sophisticated that it is beyond its [ability/skill] to frank more than one all-purpose hybrid place of origin on its postmark , viz ‘ cumbria ’ occupying the whole upper half of the disc , with ‘ dumfries & galloway ’ ( nearly three times the length ) squeezed into the lower half .

Michael , of Wyville Grove , Hunton , near Bedale , won the British Gas Capability competition and took top prize of £500 for himself and £200 for his tutor at Darlington College of Arts and Technology .
michael , of wyville grove , hunton , near bedale , won the british gas [ability/skill] competition and took top prize of £500 for himself and £200 for his tutor at darlington college of arts and technology .

Four-year-old Final Film of Birkenhead and the long established north west market leader Rockcliffe Printing Group at Aintree , bring together the former 's high tech colour production service and the latter 's high volume capability to service large corporate bodies .
four-year-old final film of birkenhead and the long established north west market leader rockcliffe printing group at aintree , bring together the former 's high tech colour production service and the latter 's high volume [ability/skill] to service large corporate bodies .

Capability is not a feeling you get , and you rather feel , even from the beginning , an impending danger .
[ability/skill] is not a feeling you get , and you rather feel , even from the beginning , an impending danger .

Mr Moares said : ‘ What the public must understand is the fact that Nuclear Electric has to secure the economics of operation of the plant in the changed business circumstances which include the station 's reduced output capability , the new competitive trading arrangements within the industry , and the current general economic climate .
mr moares said : ‘ what the public must understand is the fact that nuclear electric has to secure the economics of operation of the plant in the changed business circumstances which include the station 's reduced output [ability/skill] , the new competitive trading arrangements within the industry , and the current general economic climate .

The project was approved at ministerial level because it had been decided that the contract either did not significantly enhance Iraq 's military capability or that it had been signed before December , 1984 .
the project was approved at ministerial level because it had been decided that the contract either did not significantly enhance iraq 's military [ability/skill] or that it had been signed before december , 1984 .

Two centuries ago Capability Brown landscaped the valley … creating a series of four lakes , and planting woodland … But now the aristocrats have gone .
two centuries ago [ability/skill] brown landscaped the valley … creating a series of four lakes , and planting woodland … but now the aristocrats have gone .

They 're for the child in school ; they 're for the housewife ; they 're for the businessman of the future , and an ordinary competent businessman has the capability and the possibility of actually learning how these devices work and using them , rather than just leaving it to the boffin , the scientist , the computer expert .
they 're for the child in school ; they 're for the housewife ; they 're for the businessman of the future , and an ordinary competent businessman has the [ability/skill] and the possibility of actually learning how these devices work and using them , rather than just leaving it to the boffin , the scientist , the computer expert .

To achieve Part One , applicants must demonstrate their ability to design a solution that meets customers ' needs effectively , as well as the capability to operate contracts within agreed performance parameters .
to achieve part one , applicants must demonstrate their ability to design a solution that meets customers ' needs effectively , as well as the [ability/skill] to operate contracts within agreed performance parameters .

If the Bank restricts its Treasury Bill issue and sells longer-dated securities , this reduces the commercial banks ' cash reserves , and thus restricts their capability of expanding bank deposits .
if the bank restricts its treasury bill issue and sells longer-dated securities , this reduces the commercial banks ' cash reserves , and thus restricts their [ability/skill] of expanding bank deposits .

‘ Technological capability is of great interest to the customer but above all he wants a quality product at what is perceived to be value for money .
‘ technological [ability/skill] is of great interest to the customer but above all he wants a quality product at what is perceived to be value for money .

The Manufacturing Improvement Team was formed because the plant had to improve its manufacturing capability to survive .
the manufacturing improvement team was formed because the plant had to improve its manufacturing [ability/skill] to survive .

We believe that without a flexible , robust manufacturing capability , driven by a team with the right attitude , the business is handicapped , will wither and eventually die .
we believe that without a flexible , robust manufacturing [ability/skill] , driven by a team with the right attitude , the business is handicapped , will wither and eventually die .

In recent years , the outage has been used to construct or commission major capital projects to extend the plants ' capability .
in recent years , the outage has been used to construct or commission major capital projects to extend the plants ' [ability/skill] .

It may be that the only way for a new supplier to break through this impasse is to secure a small order which , in effect , permits the demonstration of his company 's capability to provide consistently high-quality products promptly .
it may be that the only way for a new supplier to break through this impasse is to secure a small order which , in effect , permits the demonstration of his company 's [ability/skill] to provide consistently high-quality products promptly .

Where Capability Brown
where [ability/skill] brown

Confidence , public speaking , capability .
confidence , public speaking , [ability/skill] .

Among the many leading architects and landscape gardeners , represented by drawings , engravings and watercolours , are Sir John Vanbrugh , Lancelot ‘ Capability ’ Brown , Humphrey Repton and Sir Edwin Lutyens .
among the many leading architects and landscape gardeners , represented by drawings , engravings and watercolours , are sir john vanbrugh , lancelot ‘ [ability/skill] ’ brown , humphrey repton and sir edwin lutyens .

Do only what you can and if the repetitions seem too difficult , then just do as many as are within your capability .
do only what you can and if the repetitions seem too difficult , then just do as many as are within your [ability/skill] .

With a turnover rate of 3000 gph , a 12-month guarantee and running costs similar to other pumps that can not claim anything like that water-shifting capability , the Omua looks a winner .
with a turnover rate of 3000 gph , a 12-month guarantee and running costs similar to other pumps that can not claim anything like that water-shifting [ability/skill] , the omua looks a winner .

After turning it through 180 degrees , re-install it to give increased adjustment capability in the required direction .
after turning it through 180 degrees , re-install it to give increased adjustment [ability/skill] in the required direction .

The house was begun in 1751 , a magnificent mansion set in 2,000 acres of parkland and gardens landscaped by Capability Brown .
the house was begun in 1751 , a magnificent mansion set in 2,000 acres of parkland and gardens landscaped by [ability/skill] brown .

On the other hand , if he makes it as an international tighthead , that line-out capability will prove a handsome bonus as well as his ballast in a Scottish scrummage which has struggled of late .
on the other hand , if he makes it as an international tighthead , that line-out [ability/skill] will prove a handsome bonus as well as his ballast in a scottish scrummage which has struggled of late .

Nuclear weapons might indeed be considered an ‘ analogous device ’ which , like bacteriological weaponry , is a potentially uncontrollable agent of mass destruction with an unprecedented capability to destroy the physical integrity of the planet and threaten our existence as a species ( Falk , Meyrowitz and Sanderson , 1981 , p. 31 ) .
nuclear weapons might indeed be considered an ‘ analogous device ’ which , like bacteriological weaponry , is a potentially uncontrollable agent of mass destruction with an unprecedented [ability/skill] to destroy the physical integrity of the planet and threaten our existence as a species ( falk , meyrowitz and sanderson , 1981 , p. 31 ) .

An investigation of this kind requires knowledge and experience of the technical aspects and considerable organisational capability .
an investigation of this kind requires knowledge and experience of the technical aspects and considerable organisational [ability/skill] .

Few people realise what an enormous achievement Concorde represents , even after it has demonstrated its capability of flying from New York to London or Paris in about three hours over a sustained operation for many years .
few people realise what an enormous achievement concorde represents , even after it has demonstrated its [ability/skill] of flying from new york to london or paris in about three hours over a sustained operation for many years .

It may be that demands were made beyond the capability of a particular individual , or the person concerned may simply have been to some degree in ill health .
it may be that demands were made beyond the [ability/skill] of a particular individual , or the person concerned may simply have been to some degree in ill health .

One that balances leading edge technological capability with a thorough understanding of your business .
one that balances leading edge technological [ability/skill] with a thorough understanding of your business .

In these and other areas of international banking Saitama Bank has established its capability and credibility worldwide .
in these and other areas of international banking saitama bank has established its [ability/skill] and credibility worldwide .

We developed the first look-down shoot-down radar system , the first track-while-scan radar for a tactical aircraft , and the first radar system with multi-shot , air-to-air capability .
we developed the first look-down shoot-down radar system , the first track-while-scan radar for a tactical aircraft , and the first radar system with multi-shot , air-to-air [ability/skill] .

Total capability : design , fabrication and erection of the complete package
total [ability/skill] : design , fabrication and erection of the complete package

The Beastmasters specifications are : Dual capacity capability , double strike drag , 2-speed gear system and pre-set drag programmer .
the beastmasters specifications are : dual capacity [ability/skill] , double strike drag , 2-speed gear system and pre-set drag programmer .

• Optional dual control unit capability .
• optional dual control unit [ability/skill] .

Operational capability and commercial opportunity
operational [ability/skill] and commercial opportunity

The operational capability established during the Regional Mapping Programme has been further developed through a range of scientific and commercial projects .
the operational [ability/skill] established during the regional mapping programme has been further developed through a range of scientific and commercial projects .

And it has an outstanding turn down capability .
and it has an outstanding turn down [ability/skill] .

The very latest equipment features computer programming of all the above , with the capability to memorise all the parameters for several different models .
the very latest equipment features computer programming of all the above , with the [ability/skill] to memorise all the parameters for several different models .

As a self-sufficient economy we are spared the valuable advice of those we could have done without ; we do employ those we need where local capability does not exist ( medical staff , technicians , etc ) .
as a self-sufficient economy we are spared the valuable advice of those we could have done without ; we do employ those we need where local [ability/skill] does not exist ( medical staff , technicians , etc ) .

The reasons for believing the silicon chip to be the cause of another industrial revolution are to do with its cost , capability , and versatility .
the reasons for believing the silicon chip to be the cause of another industrial revolution are to do with its cost , [ability/skill] , and versatility .

Though it is likely that the capital cost of a robot will continue to fall quite rapidly relative to wage costs , there are only a limited number of applications for robots of the current generation of capability .
though it is likely that the capital cost of a robot will continue to fall quite rapidly relative to wage costs , there are only a limited number of applications for robots of the current generation of [ability/skill] .

We shall argue later in the book that the information processing capability of new technology may undermine many of the reasons why large firms came into being .
we shall argue later in the book that the information processing [ability/skill] of new technology may undermine many of the reasons why large firms came into being .

Experimental machines with this capability , and which are deliberately designed for operator programming , are already being developed by a group under the direction of Professor Howard Rosenbrock at the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology .
experimental machines with this [ability/skill] , and which are deliberately designed for operator programming , are already being developed by a group under the direction of professor howard rosenbrock at the university of manchester institute of science and technology .

According to Aviation Week & Space Technology , a Russian design team headed by Stonily Kashafotdinov , who played a key role in the design of the Sukhoi Su-27 Flanker fighter , has a completed basic engineering work and wind-tunnel testing for a piston-engined Unlimited air racer which will have supersonic capability .
according to aviation week & space technology , a russian design team headed by stonily kashafotdinov , who played a key role in the design of the sukhoi su-27 flanker fighter , has a completed basic engineering work and wind-tunnel testing for a piston-engined unlimited air racer which will have supersonic [ability/skill] .

It is difficult to see what other aeroplane could deliver the combination of ruggedness , economy of operation , short-field capability and safety that this unusual aircraft can .
it is difficult to see what other aeroplane could deliver the combination of ruggedness , economy of operation , short-field [ability/skill] and safety that this unusual aircraft can .

If you have a fair , sensitive skin , your genetic capability of tanning may be limited and you are most at risk from burning and all the nasty effects of too much sunlight , including skin cancer .
if you have a fair , sensitive skin , your genetic [ability/skill] of tanning may be limited and you are most at risk from burning and all the nasty effects of too much sunlight , including skin cancer .

Logically , it would make sense to assume that the aircraft failed to come up to the standards of performance and aggressive capability which the Soviets expected of it .
logically , it would make sense to assume that the aircraft failed to come up to the standards of performance and aggressive [ability/skill] which the soviets expected of it .

Their air-strike capability would be knocked out for years .
their air-strike [ability/skill] would be knocked out for years .

And despite being stuffed full of capability and battery , they 're light enough ( 8kg ) to sit on the desktop and compact enough ( 15 by 10 by 27mm ) not to look like a Bulgarian chip fryer .
and despite being stuffed full of [ability/skill] and battery , they 're light enough ( 8kg ) to sit on the desktop and compact enough ( 15 by 10 by 27mm ) not to look like a bulgarian chip fryer .

There 's an extra level of capability , though .
there 's an extra level of [ability/skill] , though .

Improv is unbeatable for handling multi-dimensional data ; if you need that capability , there 's no other choice .
improv is unbeatable for handling multi-dimensional data ; if you need that [ability/skill] , there 's no other choice .

Toshiba Corp has formed a long-term multimedia technology partnership with the SunSoft Inc : the first step will be the development of a text-to-speech capability for workstations .
toshiba corp has formed a long-term multimedia technology partnership with the sunsoft inc : the first step will be the development of a text-to-speech [ability/skill] for workstations .

What he did n't know was that the secret military satellite launched on the Columbia space shuttle in the summer of 1989 also had the capability of following the Citation .
what he did n't know was that the secret military satellite launched on the columbia space shuttle in the summer of 1989 also had the [ability/skill] of following the citation .

The other side of this coin is an impressive surge capability on hand when the need arises .
the other side of this coin is an impressive surge [ability/skill] on hand when the need arises .

Warnock 's error is to have neglected the necessity , in any account of seeing , of the subject 's capability of noticing what it can be said to perceive .
warnock 's error is to have neglected the necessity , in any account of seeing , of the subject 's [ability/skill] of noticing what it can be said to perceive .

They certainly go beyond the pre-linguistic prototypes of language , and demonstrate the capability of certain individual apes to outpace other species .
they certainly go beyond the pre-linguistic prototypes of language , and demonstrate the [ability/skill] of certain individual apes to outpace other species .

Clearly animals , unlike plants , are conscious ; but self -consciousness , like hope , ambition , remorse , and envy , come only with the capability of speech .
clearly animals , unlike plants , are conscious ; but self -consciousness , like hope , ambition , remorse , and envy , come only with the [ability/skill] of speech .

The alternative is that the dog , like the children , has the capability of becoming aware of the misery of its present existence , although it may never in fact do so .
the alternative is that the dog , like the children , has the [ability/skill] of becoming aware of the misery of its present existence , although it may never in fact do so .

But the inclusive nature of this category required that comparisons be limited to the most severe cases ; those lacking any semblance of human capability .
but the inclusive nature of this category required that comparisons be limited to the most severe cases ; those lacking any semblance of human [ability/skill] .

Take purchase cost , expected operating costs , maintenance costs , operating capability and efficiency .
take purchase cost , expected operating costs , maintenance costs , operating [ability/skill] and efficiency .

His mother felt helpless about the problem and that it reflected on her capability as a mother .
his mother felt helpless about the problem and that it reflected on her [ability/skill] as a mother .

John Keats called it ‘ negative capability ’ and it is akin to Ernest Hemingway 's ‘ becoming strong in the broken places ’ .
john keats called it ‘ negative [ability/skill] ’ and it is akin to ernest hemingway 's ‘ becoming strong in the broken places ’ .

Some semantic data-base models such as Taxis also provide this capability and their expressiveness has been examined for text [ 1 ] .
some semantic data-base models such as taxis also provide this [ability/skill] and their expressiveness has been examined for text [ 1 ] .

Such was George 's remarkable capability that at age 14 he received a special award for his scholastic achievement .
such was george 's remarkable [ability/skill] that at age 14 he received a special award for his scholastic achievement .

The pattern is only suitable for machines with a design length capability of 40 rows minimum .
the pattern is only suitable for machines with a design length [ability/skill] of 40 rows minimum .

It was also feared that the British car industry would lose its research and development facilities , together with its high technology capability , with employees finishing up as ‘ metal bashers ’ for overseas companies , performing low ‘ value added ’ jobs .
it was also feared that the british car industry would lose its research and development facilities , together with its high technology [ability/skill] , with employees finishing up as ‘ metal bashers ’ for overseas companies , performing low ‘ value added ’ jobs .

Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson said : ‘ We have the capability of going out and winning games well .
leeds manager howard wilkinson said : ‘ we have the [ability/skill] of going out and winning games well .

Some teams do not have that , but we have the capability of winning by scoring a lot of goals .
some teams do not have that , but we have the [ability/skill] of winning by scoring a lot of goals .

And the depth and quality of their performance suggests that Rangers have the capability of frightening the cream they will now face .
and the depth and quality of their performance suggests that rangers have the [ability/skill] of frightening the cream they will now face .

We were strong at the back , and had the capability in midfield to launch attacks on the counter .
we were strong at the back , and had the [ability/skill] in midfield to launch attacks on the counter .

These causes include role strain or loss , devaluation associated with the loss of stereotypical sexual-youthful attractiveness and reproductive capability , economic disadvantage , or medical exploitation .
these causes include role strain or loss , devaluation associated with the loss of stereotypical sexual-youthful attractiveness and reproductive [ability/skill] , economic disadvantage , or medical exploitation .

There are probably many examples of instances in which Western technology has come up with a good idea which has the capability of helping the hundreds of millions of people in the Developing World .
there are probably many examples of instances in which western technology has come up with a good idea which has the [ability/skill] of helping the hundreds of millions of people in the developing world .

Offering car-like comfort but true off-road capability with a high ground clearance so it can drive through mud and water up to 18 inches deep , the Maverick is Ford 's first European-built sports utility 4 x 4 .
offering car-like comfort but true off-road [ability/skill] with a high ground clearance so it can drive through mud and water up to 18 inches deep , the maverick is ford 's first european-built sports utility 4 x 4 .

And the Maverick should also be a good performer in the country — especially on hilly terrain with its capability to climb gradients of up to 39 degrees .
and the maverick should also be a good performer in the country — especially on hilly terrain with its [ability/skill] to climb gradients of up to 39 degrees .

Pollack , known as Jaws because of his ball-hunting capability , certainly took a bite out of Blackburn 's title hopes .
pollack , known as jaws because of his ball-hunting [ability/skill] , certainly took a bite out of blackburn 's title hopes .

At first potential jurors were classified by ethnic group and caste , but after the 1840s they were assigned to one of three lists which were drawn up on the basis of language capability .
at first potential jurors were classified by ethnic group and caste , but after the 1840s they were assigned to one of three lists which were drawn up on the basis of language [ability/skill] .

Inputs , such as , for example , a ‘ corporate capability ' , are often common to more than one offering , and very much a management concern .
inputs , such as , for example , a ‘ corporate [ability/skill] ' , are often common to more than one offering , and very much a management concern .

This is the classical case of synergy , where economies of scale ( or scope ) enable several firmlets to share some fixed expense , capital investment , corporate capability or skill .
this is the classical case of synergy , where economies of scale ( or scope ) enable several firmlets to share some fixed expense , capital investment , corporate [ability/skill] or skill .

But it had been decentralised without attacking the big cost structures and without the addition of any procedures , with the result that two functional layers were beginning to develop business managers were starting to grow their own subsidiary boards with their own functional capability while the organisation as a whole retained its own capability .
but it had been decentralised without attacking the big cost structures and without the addition of any procedures , with the result that two functional layers were beginning to develop business managers were starting to grow their own subsidiary boards with their own functional [ability/skill] while the organisation as a whole retained its own [ability/skill] .

‘ We needed to find a product that could meet all our current needs with the capability to meet future , unforeseen , developments , ’ says group reporting manager Ken Hassan .
‘ we needed to find a product that could meet all our current needs with the [ability/skill] to meet future , unforeseen , developments , ’ says group reporting manager ken hassan .

It may be generally true that the natural language use which constitutes the goal of learning is realized by a focus on meaning rather than form , and is a matter of top-down rather than bottom-up processing , but the process of arriving at that goal , the development of the authenticating ability , calls for an effective internalization of form and capability of analysis which will allow for their use across a wide and unpredictable range of different contexts .
it may be generally true that the natural language use which constitutes the goal of learning is realized by a focus on meaning rather than form , and is a matter of top-down rather than bottom-up processing , but the process of arriving at that goal , the development of the authenticating ability , calls for an effective internalization of form and [ability/skill] of analysis which will allow for their use across a wide and unpredictable range of different contexts .

By 1993 the international consultancy Ovum expects all suppliers of office products to have added a workflow capability to their software , and predicts that there will be almost 600,000 workflow users by 1997 , compared with 23,000 in 1991 .
by 1993 the international consultancy ovum expects all suppliers of office products to have added a workflow [ability/skill] to their software , and predicts that there will be almost 600,000 workflow users by 1997 , compared with 23,000 in 1991 .

Arctic skuas feed their young on the fish which they rob from the terns , and have become so specialised that they have almost lost the capability of catching food for themselves .
arctic skuas feed their young on the fish which they rob from the terns , and have become so specialised that they have almost lost the [ability/skill] of catching food for themselves .

‘ Well … we 're all fallen beings , are n't we ? ’ Jordan chuckles darkly . ‘ If you look at traditional Catholic theology , it tells us we 're all fallen beings , but within us all is the capability for redemption , you know … ? ’
‘ well … we 're all fallen beings , are n't we ? ’ jordan chuckles darkly . ‘ if you look at traditional catholic theology , it tells us we 're all fallen beings , but within us all is the [ability/skill] for redemption , you know … ? ’

Hot-footing across town to the Knitting Factory , we see the Lower East Side 's cosiest rabbit hutch temporarily transformed into the Hampstead White Horse of beloved memory , courtesy of Moonshake , Th' Faith Healers and Stereolab in a Too Pure block vote of daunting capability and , in the cast of Th' Healers , unprecedented execution .
hot-footing across town to the knitting factory , we see the lower east side 's cosiest rabbit hutch temporarily transformed into the hampstead white horse of beloved memory , courtesy of moonshake , th' faith healers and stereolab in a too pure block vote of daunting [ability/skill] and , in the cast of th' healers , unprecedented execution .

The engineering capability and traffic demands meant that an airfield was many years off — the float-equipped ‘ bush ’ aircraft was to have many years of sovereignty in Ontario .
the engineering [ability/skill] and traffic demands meant that an airfield was many years off — the float-equipped ‘ bush ’ aircraft was to have many years of sovereignty in ontario .

‘ If this complex had not been bombed by the Zionists in 1981 , then we would by now have the capability for the production of nuclear warheads .
‘ if this complex had not been bombed by the zionists in 1981 , then we would by now have the [ability/skill] for the production of nuclear warheads .

He had learned also that if there were a continuing nightmare in Israel then it was that an Arab enemy might one day possess the capability to strike at the Jewish heartland with nuclear weapons .
he had learned also that if there were a continuing nightmare in israel then it was that an arab enemy might one day possess the [ability/skill] to strike at the jewish heartland with nuclear weapons .

This capability never excludes either a sign or a speech coding and with increasing attention results are pointing to a great division in the effects , with deaf people showing greater use of sign-based coding when responses are made in sign .
this [ability/skill] never excludes either a sign or a speech coding and with increasing attention results are pointing to a great division in the effects , with deaf people showing greater use of sign-based coding when responses are made in sign .

There is a wide choice of floorcovering materials on the market , and laying them is well within the capability of most d-i-yers .
there is a wide choice of floorcovering materials on the market , and laying them is well within the [ability/skill] of most d-i-yers .

‘ With these capital infusions , we offer our customers added assurance of Blyth 's long term capability to meet the growing needs for product and market development , ’ the company commented on the placing .
‘ with these capital infusions , we offer our customers added assurance of blyth 's long term [ability/skill] to meet the growing needs for product and market development , ’ the company commented on the placing .

The battle also convinced Moltke that he had seriously underestimated Russian strength and capability .
the battle also convinced moltke that he had seriously underestimated russian strength and [ability/skill] .

General Joseph Joffre , the French Commander-in-Chief , following Germany 's easy capture of Liege and Namur early in the war , had lost all confidence in the defensive capability of fortresses .
general joseph joffre , the french commander-in-chief , following germany 's easy capture of liege and namur early in the war , had lost all confidence in the defensive [ability/skill] of fortresses .

a willingness and capability to overcome communication barriers .
a willingness and [ability/skill] to overcome communication barriers .

At this time David failed to recognise that his strength lay in the arm of the Lord rather than in his own military capability .
at this time david failed to recognise that his strength lay in the arm of the lord rather than in his own military [ability/skill] .

• Strengthen relationship with national programs and assist in developing research capability through training and cooperative projects ;
• strengthen relationship with national programs and assist in developing research [ability/skill] through training and cooperative projects ;

• Strengthen relationships with national programs and assist in developing research capability through training and cooperative projects ; '
• strengthen relationships with national programs and assist in developing research [ability/skill] through training and cooperative projects ; '

Air Defence is a key capability for the effective defence of the United Kingdom and poses major technical challenges to combat the ever-changing threat .
air defence is a key [ability/skill] for the effective defence of the united kingdom and poses major technical challenges to combat the ever-changing threat .

Ability to analyse systematically and capability to plan .
ability to analyse systematically and [ability/skill] to plan .

She has the capability and most importantly , a very long career ahead of her , where she can become the Seles of 1993–94 .
she has the [ability/skill] and most importantly , a very long career ahead of her , where she can become the seles of 1993–94 .

Never underestimate a dog 's capability to inflict injury .
never underestimate a dog 's [ability/skill] to inflict injury .

( Dentan 1968 : 58–9 ) In other words , the Semai had always been capable of violence , but this capability had never had any meaning .
( dentan 1968 : 58–9 ) in other words , the semai had always been capable of violence , but this [ability/skill] had never had any meaning .

There is a strong sense of violence attached to the notion of ta'kwanya ; for this category of creative , cultural capability is comprised of poisonous forces and carries with it the idea of predation ( see Overing 1986a ) .
there is a strong sense of violence attached to the notion of ta'kwanya ; for this category of creative , cultural [ability/skill] is comprised of poisonous forces and carries with it the idea of predation ( see overing 1986a ) .

Virtue for the Piaroa demands the mastery through the will of both emotions and cultural capability toward the end of achieving social responsibility .
virtue for the piaroa demands the mastery through the will of both emotions and cultural [ability/skill] toward the end of achieving social responsibility .

It is through the power of his ‘ thoughts ’ that the Piaroa ruwang is their great warrior and hunter , while the physical prowess of the practical hunter is considered to be a minor capability , not one to place much value upon .
it is through the power of his ‘ thoughts ’ that the piaroa ruwang is their great warrior and hunter , while the physical prowess of the practical hunter is considered to be a minor [ability/skill] , not one to place much value upon .

Petworth House , 10 miles away , is a magnificent 17th-century house with a famous deer park landscaped by Capability Brown .
petworth house , 10 miles away , is a magnificent 17th-century house with a famous deer park landscaped by [ability/skill] brown .

Chatsworth , the splendid stately home of the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire , with its marvellous painted walls , woodcarvings , tapestry and paintings , and Capability Brown 's landscaped park , is within an hour 's drive .
chatsworth , the splendid stately home of the duke and duchess of devonshire , with its marvellous painted walls , woodcarvings , tapestry and paintings , and [ability/skill] brown 's landscaped park , is within an hour 's drive .

Blenheim Palace , the magnificently grand birthplace of Winston Churchill , with 2,000 acres of grounds landscaped by Capability Brown , is 35 miles away .
blenheim palace , the magnificently grand birthplace of winston churchill , with 2,000 acres of grounds landscaped by [ability/skill] brown , is 35 miles away .

Here , among the many magnificent rooms , you can see the splendid library , exotic Turkish room , modelled on an Istanbul mosque , a beautiful chapel and acres of Capability Brown 's landscaped grounds dotted with follies .
here , among the many magnificent rooms , you can see the splendid library , exotic turkish room , modelled on an istanbul mosque , a beautiful chapel and acres of [ability/skill] brown 's landscaped grounds dotted with follies .

The loss of one vehicle and the leading tank 's offensive capability was not enough to cause a full scale withdrawal .
the loss of one vehicle and the leading tank 's offensive [ability/skill] was not enough to cause a full scale withdrawal .

Other criticisms relate to the size of units used ( a minimum of 80 hectares ) and the fact that the system is based on the flexibility of land and not on its productivity or capability ( Boddington , 1978 ) .
other criticisms relate to the size of units used ( a minimum of 80 hectares ) and the fact that the system is based on the flexibility of land and not on its productivity or [ability/skill] ( boddington , 1978 ) .

In the late nineteenth century , the pastime of rambling through open countryside had been restricted to those who not only had time at their disposal but also the financial capability to travel into rural areas .
in the late nineteenth century , the pastime of rambling through open countryside had been restricted to those who not only had time at their disposal but also the financial [ability/skill] to travel into rural areas .

Analyzing each of the members of the critical mass with regard to readiness and capability .
analyzing each of the members of the critical mass with regard to readiness and [ability/skill] .

Readiness refers to an individual 's attitude towards the change , and capability refers to an individual 's capacity to do whatever the change requires of him or her .
readiness refers to an individual 's attitude towards the change , and [ability/skill] refers to an individual 's capacity to do whatever the change requires of him or her .

In short , successful organizations require a responsive capability nested in a stable culture .
in short , successful organizations require a responsive [ability/skill] nested in a stable culture .

Enfield was to be a low-to medium-volume plant , with a new product start-up capability which would lead the business in technology , design , testing , sourcing , quality and competitive superiority .
enfield was to be a low-to medium-volume plant , with a new product start-up [ability/skill] which would lead the business in technology , design , testing , sourcing , quality and competitive superiority .

Objects , however , by virtue of their concrete nature , can never possess that entirely arbitrary and abstract capability .
objects , however , by virtue of their concrete nature , can never possess that entirely arbitrary and abstract [ability/skill] .

Rather , it is a capability and attitude that is diffused throughout the company .
rather , it is a [ability/skill] and attitude that is diffused throughout the company .

This is the advantage that merits thorough consideration , a topic that , in this article , is analyzed from the perspective of engineering problem solving , manufacturing capability , and the capability of suppliers .
this is the advantage that merits thorough consideration , a topic that , in this article , is analyzed from the perspective of engineering problem solving , manufacturing [ability/skill] , and the [ability/skill] of suppliers .

Indeed , manufacturing capability seems to have such a major impact on product development that it is worth examining in greater detail .
indeed , manufacturing [ability/skill] seems to have such a major impact on product development that it is worth examining in greater detail .

The power of manufacturing capability
the power of manufacturing [ability/skill]

The development process is , indeed , affected by manufacturing capability .
the development process is , indeed , affected by manufacturing [ability/skill] .

The graphics capability can also be exploited to the full by constructing design nomograms in this space which can then be accessed by the drawing office staff .
the graphics [ability/skill] can also be exploited to the full by constructing design nomograms in this space which can then be accessed by the drawing office staff .

Alternatively some manufacturers produce recorders which are highly portable and have special built-in features such as an editing capability and the capacity to produce your own word captions .
alternatively some manufacturers produce recorders which are highly portable and have special built-in features such as an editing [ability/skill] and the capacity to produce your own word captions .

Growth rate is related to the eventual shell-size , the young of large-sized enclaves showing a capability of growing faster than the progeny from smaller-sized enclaves * .
growth rate is related to the eventual shell-size , the young of large-sized enclaves showing a [ability/skill] of growing faster than the progeny from smaller-sized enclaves * .

Not that the natives were always hostile in intent or capability .
not that the natives were always hostile in intent or [ability/skill] .

This article will present a definition appropriate for community development , review the public health and social science literature that suggests the health-enhancing capability of empowerment , and provide an overview of empowerment education theory from Brazilian educator Paulo Freire .
this article will present a definition appropriate for community development , review the public health and social science literature that suggests the health-enhancing [ability/skill] of empowerment , and provide an overview of empowerment education theory from brazilian educator paulo freire .

First , there are capability constraints , such as age , health , income , possession of a driving licence , and car ownership .
first , there are [ability/skill] constraints , such as age , health , income , possession of a driving licence , and car ownership .

Capability .
[ability/skill] .

DataEase scores because it combines good all-round capability with genuine ease of use .
dataease scores because it combines good all-round [ability/skill] with genuine ease of use .

reason relating to the capability or qualifications of the employee for the particular employment ; or
reason relating to the [ability/skill] or qualifications of the employee for the particular employment ; or

Recently he had been intrigued by a paper proposing the development of an atomic weapon designed to kill people through massive exposure to radioactive fallout , but with a limited blast capability , thereby keeping buildings relatively intact — the Neutron Bomb .
recently he had been intrigued by a paper proposing the development of an atomic weapon designed to kill people through massive exposure to radioactive fallout , but with a limited blast [ability/skill] , thereby keeping buildings relatively intact — the neutron bomb .

The court has to consider the child 's welfare as the court 's paramount consideration , and also has to consider the various aspects referred to under section 1 ( 3 ) , that is they have to consider the wishes of the children , their needs , the likely effects on the children of change , the characteristics of the children , the nature of the harm they have suffered and the capability of the parents or anybody else offering themselves as carers , which would include of course the grandparents in this case .
the court has to consider the child 's welfare as the court 's paramount consideration , and also has to consider the various aspects referred to under section 1 ( 3 ) , that is they have to consider the wishes of the children , their needs , the likely effects on the children of change , the characteristics of the children , the nature of the harm they have suffered and the [ability/skill] of the parents or anybody else offering themselves as carers , which would include of course the grandparents in this case .

The name does not transliterate into any other language , and the advertising has been assigned to an agency without a real European capability .
the name does not transliterate into any other language , and the advertising has been assigned to an agency without a real european [ability/skill] .

The sample chosen should exhibit the characteristics and variations in attitude , behaviour , purchasing capability ( etc ) that are relevant to the line of enquiry being undertaken by the market research ( and to its marketing objective ) .
the sample chosen should exhibit the characteristics and variations in attitude , behaviour , purchasing [ability/skill] ( etc ) that are relevant to the line of enquiry being undertaken by the market research ( and to its marketing objective ) .

The impact of acidic precipitation on aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems depends not simply on the pH value of the precipitation but also on the capability of lakes and soils to neutralize or buffer the acidic inputs of the precipitation .
the impact of acidic precipitation on aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems depends not simply on the ph value of the precipitation but also on the [ability/skill] of lakes and soils to neutralize or buffer the acidic inputs of the precipitation .

The capability of forecasting occasions of adverse meteorological conditions and predicting the associated rise in pollution levels using emission-inventory/meteorology models .
the [ability/skill] of forecasting occasions of adverse meteorological conditions and predicting the associated rise in pollution levels using emission-inventory/meteorology models .

Countries with such a display manufacturing capability would dominate the market and effectively eliminate competition based on older technology made up from discrete components .
countries with such a display manufacturing [ability/skill] would dominate the market and effectively eliminate competition based on older technology made up from discrete components .

The theme was an intimate understanding of Courmayeur 's extensive snowmaking capability .
the theme was an intimate understanding of courmayeur 's extensive snowmaking [ability/skill] .

Skaardal 's victory on Saturday , the third of his career , proved his capability on a classical long course .
skaardal 's victory on saturday , the third of his career , proved his [ability/skill] on a classical long course .

Although a touring boat is long and difficult to turn , it has a useful steering capability designed into its shape .
although a touring boat is long and difficult to turn , it has a useful steering [ability/skill] designed into its shape .

Evidence of design capability was limited .
evidence of design [ability/skill] was limited .

Automatic fire fighting installations capable of achieving total control and extinguishment appear to be the only answer but because of the almost total reliance which must be placed on their automatic capability there appears to be a need for greater flexibility in use than totally automatic operation would provide , and particularly to ensure that an entire system is not rendered inoperative by some local effect .
automatic fire fighting installations capable of achieving total control and extinguishment appear to be the only answer but because of the almost total reliance which must be placed on their automatic [ability/skill] there appears to be a need for greater flexibility in use than totally automatic operation would provide , and particularly to ensure that an entire system is not rendered inoperative by some local effect .

Primarily the computer has to have a graphics capability , preferably monochrome and as high a resolution as possible .
primarily the computer has to have a graphics [ability/skill] , preferably monochrome and as high a resolution as possible .

But , for many people all that will ever be needed is a program which provides word processing with the capability to get decent quality print out of a page printer .
but , for many people all that will ever be needed is a program which provides word processing with the [ability/skill] to get decent quality print out of a page printer .

The main advantage of this method of printing is the high speed , long run capability .
the main advantage of this method of printing is the high speed , long run [ability/skill] .

Essentially a text orientated language , it has been expanded to give graphics capability .
essentially a text orientated language , it has been expanded to give graphics [ability/skill] .

However the lack of any real on-screen help and virtually no graphics capability , the latter is supplied by another module , puts InteCalc about a year behind the times in terms of user friendliness and features .
however the lack of any real on-screen help and virtually no graphics [ability/skill] , the latter is supplied by another module , puts intecalc about a year behind the times in terms of user friendliness and features .

No indication of what the final result will look like is given as these codes are added , nor is there a preview capability .
no indication of what the final result will look like is given as these codes are added , nor is there a preview [ability/skill] .

If one analyses the appeal of desktop publishing the basic appeal is its capability to generate material that looks printed , not like something that came off a daisywheel or dot matrix printer .
if one analyses the appeal of desktop publishing the basic appeal is its [ability/skill] to generate material that looks printed , not like something that came off a daisywheel or dot matrix printer .

Now is there any capability to add simple graphic elements such as a reversal block , a box or even a rule automatically to elements of text .
now is there any [ability/skill] to add simple graphic elements such as a reversal block , a box or even a rule automatically to elements of text .

And , because all this capability was part of the Macintosh operating system it was available to any software developer so almost every package that appears for the system works the same way .
and , because all this [ability/skill] was part of the macintosh operating system it was available to any software developer so almost every package that appears for the system works the same way .

Unfortunately , for the traditional printing and graphic arts industries , the desktop publishing ‘ revolution ’ has taken place largely outside their control and has placed the capability to generate complex artwork directly in the hands of anyone with access to a computer and around £1,000 or less for the necessary software .
unfortunately , for the traditional printing and graphic arts industries , the desktop publishing ‘ revolution ’ has taken place largely outside their control and has placed the [ability/skill] to generate complex artwork directly in the hands of anyone with access to a computer and around £1,000 or less for the necessary software .

Other national newspapers , the Independent and the forthcoming Sunday Correspondent , also make significant use of desktop publishing capability for producing their magazine sections and these and many other titles use the technology for creating graphics and illustrative material .
other national newspapers , the independent and the forthcoming sunday correspondent , also make significant use of desktop publishing [ability/skill] for producing their magazine sections and these and many other titles use the technology for creating graphics and illustrative material .

The problem , then , is often not one of capability but output clarity and good typography demands that the image be clear .
the problem , then , is often not one of [ability/skill] but output clarity and good typography demands that the image be clear .

An example of this effectively ‘ free ’ typesetting capability is given by their recently launched weekly job opportunity sheet which , had it had to have been typeset , would not have been financially viable .
an example of this effectively ‘ free ’ typesetting [ability/skill] is given by their recently launched weekly job opportunity sheet which , had it had to have been typeset , would not have been financially viable .

Additional , and often standard , features will include charting , graphing , tables generation and last , but by no means least , the capability to handle mathematical or scientific material .
additional , and often standard , features will include charting , graphing , tables generation and last , but by no means least , the [ability/skill] to handle mathematical or scientific material .

Small businesses are considered risky investments and a small organisation 's borrowing capability might be limited .
small businesses are considered risky investments and a small organisation 's borrowing [ability/skill] might be limited .

In appraising our industrial capability one sees that , with certain exceptions , our post-war performance has not been good , and we have gradually reduced our share of world markets .
in appraising our industrial [ability/skill] one sees that , with certain exceptions , our post-war performance has not been good , and we have gradually reduced our share of world markets .

While water certainly found a place in the past in the landscapes of famous gardeners like Capability Brown , this was scarcely water gardening as we know it today .
while water certainly found a place in the past in the landscapes of famous gardeners like [ability/skill] brown , this was scarcely water gardening as we know it today .

Similarly , including current cost accounts marks a shift towards an entity view because there the income statement shows the current cost profit after maintaining the operating capability of the business as a whole , as well as current cost profit attributable to shareholders .
similarly , including current cost accounts marks a shift towards an entity view because there the income statement shows the current cost profit after maintaining the operating [ability/skill] of the business as a whole , as well as current cost profit attributable to shareholders .

On the other hand , the extent to which the return on capital employed calculation can measure operating capability , given that the accounts are not current cost accounts , is debatable .
on the other hand , the extent to which the return on capital employed calculation can measure operating [ability/skill] , given that the accounts are not current cost accounts , is debatable .

Perhaps emphasis at this level has been upon soil evolution rather than upon soil dynamics , which has been treated in relation to land capability .
perhaps emphasis at this level has been upon soil evolution rather than upon soil dynamics , which has been treated in relation to land [ability/skill] .

However , such theories have limited predictive capability in that we can not measure the individual 's perception of values .
however , such theories have limited predictive [ability/skill] in that we can not measure the individual 's perception of values .

This definition assumes that organisations have aims which are clearly stated and they have the capability to gather information and use it in a positive way to develop policies .
this definition assumes that organisations have aims which are clearly stated and they have the [ability/skill] to gather information and use it in a positive way to develop policies .

She claimed that , ‘ in a culture whose already classical dilemma is the hypertrophy of the intellect at the expense of energy and sensual capability , interpretation is the revenge of the intellect upon art ’ .
she claimed that , ‘ in a culture whose already classical dilemma is the hypertrophy of the intellect at the expense of energy and sensual [ability/skill] , interpretation is the revenge of the intellect upon art ’ .

the recent purchase of Sonomatics Ltd to broaden our non-destructive testing capability ;
the recent purchase of sonomatics ltd to broaden our non-destructive testing [ability/skill] ;

The programme focuses upon the development of research capability based on the candidate 's own normally specialist background .
the programme focuses upon the development of research [ability/skill] based on the candidate 's own normally specialist background .

The following assembler language " wrap around " provides the minimum acceptable error handling capability .
the following assembler language " wrap around " provides the minimum acceptable error handling [ability/skill] .

Still wondering whether or not they would be able to control Bruno , Sophie found to her surprise that she had underestimated her godmother 's capability .
still wondering whether or not they would be able to control bruno , sophie found to her surprise that she had underestimated her godmother 's [ability/skill] .

As for the class of goods , where commercial goods are concerned the party acquiring them presumably has some expertise in relation to them which gives him the capability to assess their quality or to understand if he needs to call in an expert assessor , so that less protection should be required in this case .
as for the class of goods , where commercial goods are concerned the party acquiring them presumably has some expertise in relation to them which gives him the [ability/skill] to assess their quality or to understand if he needs to call in an expert assessor , so that less protection should be required in this case .

However , the government survey planned to determine `` which areas are suitable for which type of activity without causing serious environmental damage `` has been criticised for lack of research capability by the National Institute of Amazonian Studies .
however , the government survey planned to determine `` which areas are suitable for which type of activity without causing serious environmental damage `` has been criticised for lack of research [ability/skill] by the national institute of amazonian studies .

This gives slightly better direction-finding capability , since each cell is selectively shielded from light rays coming into the cup from its own side .
this gives slightly better direction-finding [ability/skill] , since each cell is selectively shielded from light rays coming into the cup from its own side .

It would also have many applications in Third World countries since it uses rubber tyres in both modes and thereby has an incline capability of ⅙ This means that in Third World countries instead of flattening the mountains and filling the valleys to make them level to one could follow the contours of the countryside and enormously reduce civil engineering costs .
it would also have many applications in third world countries since it uses rubber tyres in both modes and thereby has an incline [ability/skill] of ⅙ this means that in third world countries instead of flattening the mountains and filling the valleys to make them level to one could follow the contours of the countryside and enormously reduce civil engineering costs .

Weston Park — 17th century stately home of the Earl of Bradford , with gardens landscaped by Capability Brown .
weston park — 17th century stately home of the earl of bradford , with gardens landscaped by [ability/skill] brown .

This was remarkably precise and remarkably misleading and seems once again to have been based essentially on Chinese communist capability .
this was remarkably precise and remarkably misleading and seems once again to have been based essentially on chinese communist [ability/skill] .

He — far less usually she — is an inadequate individual whose lack of sexual capability leads him to rely on an activity which affords sexual pleasure with minimal active participation .
he — far less usually she — is an inadequate individual whose lack of sexual [ability/skill] leads him to rely on an activity which affords sexual pleasure with minimal active participation .

For this to be so , the activity must be varied , continuous and within the student 's capability ; it must be meaningful and not just `` busy work `` , and it must be progressive .
for this to be so , the activity must be varied , continuous and within the student 's [ability/skill] ; it must be meaningful and not just `` busy work `` , and it must be progressive .

Senior management capability has a greater impact .
senior management [ability/skill] has a greater impact .

In normal circumstances it is difficult to know the limits of one 's own capability , let alone those of the organization .
in normal circumstances it is difficult to know the limits of one 's own [ability/skill] , let alone those of the organization .

The ratio of cards sent to cards received is a good measure of `` contact capability `` .
the ratio of cards sent to cards received is a good measure of `` contact [ability/skill] `` .

While financial resources and technical equipment are of great importance in the effort to establish and operate an adequate information and communication capability , it is skilled personnel who constitute the most critical factor .
while financial resources and technical equipment are of great importance in the effort to establish and operate an adequate information and communication [ability/skill] , it is skilled personnel who constitute the most critical factor .

Most of us do not really aspire to developing huge muscles , enabling us to lift great weights , but , by developing extra strength , the muscles are then working well within their capability for most everyday tasks .
most of us do not really aspire to developing huge muscles , enabling us to lift great weights , but , by developing extra strength , the muscles are then working well within their [ability/skill] for most everyday tasks .

While financial resources and technical equipment are of great importance in the effort to establish and operate an adequate information and communication capability , it is skilled personnel who constitute the most critical factor .
while financial resources and technical equipment are of great importance in the effort to establish and operate an adequate information and communication [ability/skill] , it is skilled personnel who constitute the most critical factor .

Japan had no independent foreign policy capability .
japan had no independent foreign policy [ability/skill] .

To develop adequate and growing capability requires investment in human skills and provides a new kind of barrier to the entry of more newcomers into the international system .
to develop adequate and growing [ability/skill] requires investment in human skills and provides a new kind of barrier to the entry of more newcomers into the international system .

There are , however , limits to the capability of any one firm to cope with all the new challenges .
there are , however , limits to the [ability/skill] of any one firm to cope with all the new challenges .

The resultant exports are , however , dependent upon the multinationals ; relatively few local suppliers have yet broken out to provide an independent , though necessarily volatile , supply capability .
the resultant exports are , however , dependent upon the multinationals ; relatively few local suppliers have yet broken out to provide an independent , though necessarily volatile , supply [ability/skill] .

The ‘ intangible ’ advantages of large-scale information capability seem best exploited within ‘ internal markets ’ if they are to assume their full efficiency .
the ‘ intangible ’ advantages of large-scale information [ability/skill] seem best exploited within ‘ internal markets ’ if they are to assume their full efficiency .

It seems unlikely that the earlier experience of one country having an autonomous capability in the industry will be repeated , now that the web of alliances has permeated almost all sectors of the industry .
it seems unlikely that the earlier experience of one country having an autonomous [ability/skill] in the industry will be repeated , now that the web of alliances has permeated almost all sectors of the industry .

Most are constrained by limited resources and by intractable domestic agendas that impede their capability to implement policy .
most are constrained by limited resources and by intractable domestic agendas that impede their [ability/skill] to implement policy .

This is the reward of industrial leadership : to see people , who do not believe they have the capability of being a winning team , gaining confidence and effectiveness and morale , and the respect not only of their peers but also of their competitors and the world outside .
this is the reward of industrial leadership : to see people , who do not believe they have the [ability/skill] of being a winning team , gaining confidence and effectiveness and morale , and the respect not only of their peers but also of their competitors and the world outside .

Why is it that there is such total myopia in business about the things that lead to the release of human energy and talent ? Why is it that we can look at organizations which we ourselves have worked in for most of our lives , where we have complained bitterly , where over drinks with our colleagues or at the Christmas pantomime or some other time we have given vent to our irritation at these bad organizational and behavioural characteristics ; and yet when we reach high positions in companies we consider them to be something which is beyond our capability to influence ? It is almost as though bad organizations are self-created Frankenstein monsters beyond the control or influence of leaders .
why is it that there is such total myopia in business about the things that lead to the release of human energy and talent ? why is it that we can look at organizations which we ourselves have worked in for most of our lives , where we have complained bitterly , where over drinks with our colleagues or at the christmas pantomime or some other time we have given vent to our irritation at these bad organizational and behavioural characteristics ; and yet when we reach high positions in companies we consider them to be something which is beyond our [ability/skill] to influence ? it is almost as though bad organizations are self-created frankenstein monsters beyond the control or influence of leaders .

The time our crews are prepared to sacrifice in learning how to use a modern lifeboat to its full capability is of immense value to the Institution .
the time our crews are prepared to sacrifice in learning how to use a modern lifeboat to its full [ability/skill] is of immense value to the institution .

Not only was there an imperative to respond to threatened attacks by diverting much time , energy , and , above all , money into defence , principally into the building of urban fortifications and castles ; when the raids occurred the defenders ' means of production ( crops , fishponds , mills , barns ) were among the prime targets for destruction , so that their economic capability was seriously undermined .
not only was there an imperative to respond to threatened attacks by diverting much time , energy , and , above all , money into defence , principally into the building of urban fortifications and castles ; when the raids occurred the defenders ' means of production ( crops , fishponds , mills , barns ) were among the prime targets for destruction , so that their economic [ability/skill] was seriously undermined .

As the youngest midshipman , William is especially concerned to demonstrate his toughness and capability in rivalry with his messmates .
as the youngest midshipman , william is especially concerned to demonstrate his toughness and [ability/skill] in rivalry with his messmates .

At one end of the line you 'll find Sheffield park Gardens , an example of Capability Brown at his best .
at one end of the line you 'll find sheffield park gardens , an example of [ability/skill] brown at his best .

The heads are made with 100 % natural bristle , offering the benefits of a good quality paintbrush — fuller length bristle for improved pain pickup , spreading capability , and finishing qualities .
the heads are made with 100 % natural bristle , offering the benefits of a good quality paintbrush — fuller length bristle for improved pain pickup , spreading [ability/skill] , and finishing qualities .

This Jacobean country mansion is set in magnificent parklands landscaped by Capability Brown .
this jacobean country mansion is set in magnificent parklands landscaped by [ability/skill] brown .

This incident also tested our response capability in such an emergency and we feel that the management of the incident went extremely well .
this incident also tested our response [ability/skill] in such an emergency and we feel that the management of the incident went extremely well .

‘ We intend to develop our regional research which is based on our corporate activity and develop our corporate finance capability .
‘ we intend to develop our regional research which is based on our corporate activity and develop our corporate finance [ability/skill] .

‘ What we have to do is develop the investment research capability designed for the private client .
‘ what we have to do is develop the investment research [ability/skill] designed for the private client .

You need to be a major international player with a market-making capability to be competitive , ’ McIntosh argued .
you need to be a major international player with a market-making [ability/skill] to be competitive , ’ mcintosh argued .

‘ Many firms use only ten to 25 per cent of their computer 's capability , ’ he said .
‘ many firms use only ten to 25 per cent of their computer 's [ability/skill] , ’ he said .

There is , however , a considerable networking capability within the group and as a consequence there will be active liaison between the various professional and voluntary bodies .
there is , however , a considerable networking [ability/skill] within the group and as a consequence there will be active liaison between the various professional and voluntary bodies .

So if that is the capability of one mask at a time … think of the power of all ten !
so if that is the [ability/skill] of one mask at a time … think of the power of all ten !

Entrants normally require a first degree but non-graduate aplicants who give evidence of equivalent academic capability are also considered .
entrants normally require a first degree but non-graduate aplicants who give evidence of equivalent academic [ability/skill] are also considered .

Entrants normally require a first degree but non-graduate applicants who give evidence of comparable academic capability are also considered .
entrants normally require a first degree but non-graduate applicants who give evidence of comparable academic [ability/skill] are also considered .

The wider function of a higher education , which Weaver defined as education for ‘ capability , creativity or communion ’ was incompatible with the organization of the universities .
the wider function of a higher education , which weaver defined as education for ‘ [ability/skill] , creativity or communion ’ was incompatible with the organization of the universities .

In the post-colonial state this phenomenon is usually referred to as ‘ national integration ’ or the development of an administrative ‘ capability ’ ( a prerequisite of integration ) .
in the post-colonial state this phenomenon is usually referred to as ‘ national integration ’ or the development of an administrative ‘ [ability/skill] ’ ( a prerequisite of integration ) .

hospital beds per thousand population , teacher-pupil ratios , expenditure on school books , expenditure on welfare provision , numbers of missiles and infantry divisions , the size of police forces or standards of accommodation in prisons ) , than with output , or rather outcomes , such as health standards , educational standards , defence capability or public safety .
hospital beds per thousand population , teacher-pupil ratios , expenditure on school books , expenditure on welfare provision , numbers of missiles and infantry divisions , the size of police forces or standards of accommodation in prisons ) , than with output , or rather outcomes , such as health standards , educational standards , defence [ability/skill] or public safety .

It is based on the rationale that patients can be trained to increase the anal sphincter contractile capability in response to rectal distension , if a residual rectal sensation is present .
it is based on the rationale that patients can be trained to increase the anal sphincter contractile [ability/skill] in response to rectal distension , if a residual rectal sensation is present .

Our philosophy is based on partnership and participation , working with people and with organisations to create and manage activities through which managers acquire skills and understanding , confidence and capability .
our philosophy is based on partnership and participation , working with people and with organisations to create and manage activities through which managers acquire skills and understanding , confidence and [ability/skill] .

They build up a taxonomy that relies on whether the preferences of the electorate are seen as fixed or varying and whether government capability is seen as strategic or responsive .
they build up a taxonomy that relies on whether the preferences of the electorate are seen as fixed or varying and whether government [ability/skill] is seen as strategic or responsive .

From this viewpoint , if we assume that complex visuo-spatial capability was present before the evolution of language in humans , it is possible that in men only the left hemisphere became involved in language .
from this viewpoint , if we assume that complex visuo-spatial [ability/skill] was present before the evolution of language in humans , it is possible that in men only the left hemisphere became involved in language .

The capability of removing women 's eggs and placing them in another woman 's womb , has given rise to the question for the first time in human history who is the biological mother ?
the [ability/skill] of removing women 's eggs and placing them in another woman 's womb , has given rise to the question for the first time in human history who is the biological mother ?

It has become an important feature of business with developing countries and eastern European countries which do not have the financial or borrowing capability to make large investments in plant , machinery or construction projects .
it has become an important feature of business with developing countries and eastern european countries which do not have the financial or borrowing [ability/skill] to make large investments in plant , machinery or construction projects .

Technical discussions took place on the role of health research in the strategy for health for all by the year 2000 , with four working groups dealing with nutrition research , health systems research , the strengthening of research capability , and recent advances in biological and physical sciences and their implications for health care .
technical discussions took place on the role of health research in the strategy for health for all by the year 2000 , with four working groups dealing with nutrition research , health systems research , the strengthening of research [ability/skill] , and recent advances in biological and physical sciences and their implications for health care .

The issue of Iraq 's military capability and long-term strategy remained to the fore during the rest of April with the emergence of British allegations that Baghdad was attempting to develop an enormous cannon , possibly with the intention of launching a satellite .
the issue of iraq 's military [ability/skill] and long-term strategy remained to the fore during the rest of april with the emergence of british allegations that baghdad was attempting to develop an enormous cannon , possibly with the intention of launching a satellite .

To do it one must be human , with feelings , experience , and some basic capability for getting on the wave-length of other people , as well as having a certain innate logical ability — the kind which enables a baby to learn unaided the mysteries of language .
to do it one must be human , with feelings , experience , and some basic [ability/skill] for getting on the wave-length of other people , as well as having a certain innate logical ability — the kind which enables a baby to learn unaided the mysteries of language .

The task should be specific , interesting and within the group 's capability .
the task should be specific , interesting and within the group 's [ability/skill] .

With Bevin he also believed that Britain would have much less influence in Washington without some nuclear capability of her own .
with bevin he also believed that britain would have much less influence in washington without some nuclear [ability/skill] of her own .

At one extreme he feared communist adventurism in the Far East , and at the other a resurgence of isolationism among the American public once the Soviets had acquired a significant nuclear capability targeted on the United States .
at one extreme he feared communist adventurism in the far east , and at the other a resurgence of isolationism among the american public once the soviets had acquired a significant nuclear [ability/skill] targeted on the united states .

The independent British capability must be retained .
the independent british [ability/skill] must be retained .

However my own opinion , for what it is worth , is that the possibility of making moral judgements is inextricably mixed up with the possession of language capability in quite a different form from that which has been shown to exist in experimental domesticated apes .
however my own opinion , for what it is worth , is that the possibility of making moral judgements is inextricably mixed up with the possession of language [ability/skill] in quite a different form from that which has been shown to exist in experimental domesticated apes .

Quite apart from the hotly debated issue of language capability , the existing great apes are all creatures which can survive only in very limited numbers on specialized diets in specialized tropical conditions while the species Homo is just the reverse .
quite apart from the hotly debated issue of language [ability/skill] , the existing great apes are all creatures which can survive only in very limited numbers on specialized diets in specialized tropical conditions while the species homo is just the reverse .

It is where culture sets limits on our sexual ( reproductive ) activity and where sexual capability sets limits on what is culturally possible , that our humanity and our animality interact .
it is where culture sets limits on our sexual ( reproductive ) activity and where sexual [ability/skill] sets limits on what is culturally possible , that our humanity and our animality interact .

An acquisition strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate objectives and the company 's existing capability to achieve those objectives .
an acquisition strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate objectives and the company 's existing [ability/skill] to achieve those objectives .

The research is examining the what , why and how of managing strategic and operational changes in firms in mature industries , and any link between the capability to affect change and the maintenance and improvement of competitive performance .
the research is examining the what , why and how of managing strategic and operational changes in firms in mature industries , and any link between the [ability/skill] to affect change and the maintenance and improvement of competitive performance .

Given the substantial changes in the economic , political , and business environment of large firms over the past two decades , a critical factor affecting the relative competitive position of British firms must be the capability of firms to adjust and adapt to major changes in the environments and thereby improve their competitive performance .
given the substantial changes in the economic , political , and business environment of large firms over the past two decades , a critical factor affecting the relative competitive position of british firms must be the [ability/skill] of firms to adjust and adapt to major changes in the environments and thereby improve their competitive performance .

Beyond these direct consequences such labs have implications for the long term development of the host-country 's scientific capacity and capability .
beyond these direct consequences such labs have implications for the long term development of the host-country 's scientific capacity and [ability/skill] .

Like — you 've heard of Capability Brown ?
like — you 've heard of [ability/skill] brown ?

As part of a programme of continuous improvement , a new press with full-colour printing capability was installed in the autumn of 1992 .
as part of a programme of continuous improvement , a new press with full-colour printing [ability/skill] was installed in the autumn of 1992 .

We plan to install one of the ‘ Amstrad ’ draft printers so as to provide some draft printing capability as soon as possible , and to consider further the possibility of replacing the heavily-used Epson printer next financial year .
we plan to install one of the ‘ amstrad ’ draft printers so as to provide some draft printing [ability/skill] as soon as possible , and to consider further the possibility of replacing the heavily-used epson printer next financial year .

The modifications to file-servers should extend their lifetime and capability to the end of 1996 at least .
the modifications to file-servers should extend their lifetime and [ability/skill] to the end of 1996 at least .

At present , the only graphics capability is with the Public Services Graphics Officer , running the Apple Mac .
at present , the only graphics [ability/skill] is with the public services graphics officer , running the apple mac .

Capability of processing all Black and White films and of producing Black and White prints up to 20 ’ x 16 ’ .
[ability/skill] of processing all black and white films and of producing black and white prints up to 20 ’ x 16 ’ .

Manufacturers generally supply information about the torque producing capability of a stepping motor in the form of a graph — known as the static torque/rotor position characteristic — showing the torque developed by the motor as a function of rotor position for several values of winding current .
manufacturers generally supply information about the torque producing [ability/skill] of a stepping motor in the form of a graph — known as the static torque/rotor position characteristic — showing the torque developed by the motor as a function of rotor position for several values of winding current .

It is at this crossover position that the motor 's torque producing capability is at a minimum ; at any other position more torque can be produced provided the appropriate phase is excited .
it is at this crossover position that the motor 's torque producing [ability/skill] is at a minimum ; at any other position more torque can be produced provided the appropriate phase is excited .

This difference in torque capability also applies to variable-reluctance stepping motors and is very significant in determining optimum velocity profiles ( Section 6.3 ) .
this difference in torque [ability/skill] also applies to variable-reluctance stepping motors and is very significant in determining optimum velocity profiles ( section 6.3 ) .

6.3 Acceleration/deceleration capability
6.3 acceleration/deceleration [ability/skill]

Various methods of generating the velocity profile , or approximations to it , are considered later in this Chapter , but firstly the relationship between the system parameters and acceleration/deceleration capability must be established .
various methods of generating the velocity profile , or approximations to it , are considered later in this chapter , but firstly the relationship between the system parameters and acceleration/deceleration [ability/skill] must be established .

Whilst present cost considerations may exclude the use of a dedicated microprocessor it may be possible to direct any spare processing capability towards stepping motor control .
whilst present cost considerations may exclude the use of a dedicated microprocessor it may be possible to direct any spare processing [ability/skill] towards stepping motor control .

6.5 Improving acceleration/deceleration capability
6.5 improving acceleration/deceleration [ability/skill]

The `` voltage-boosting `` scheme can be used in association with any type of control ( including closed-loop ) and typically produces a 50 % improvement in acceleration/deceleration capability ( Lawrenson et at .
the `` voltage-boosting `` scheme can be used in association with any type of control ( including closed-loop ) and typically produces a 50 % improvement in acceleration/deceleration [ability/skill] ( lawrenson et at .

The analysis of Section 7.3.1 has shown that if the torque producing capability of the stepping motor is to be maximised over the full speed range the switching angle must be made speed-dependent .
the analysis of section 7.3.1 has shown that if the torque producing [ability/skill] of the stepping motor is to be maximised over the full speed range the switching angle must be made speed-dependent .

Now the systems analyst has a pretty good knowledge of the capability of the computer , and the user has a fairly good idea of the problem in his department .
now the systems analyst has a pretty good knowledge of the [ability/skill] of the computer , and the user has a fairly good idea of the problem in his department .

The current computer industry buzzword for this capability is `` user friendliness `` .
the current computer industry buzzword for this [ability/skill] is `` user friendliness `` .

But the processing capability is in itself , no matter how good the program , only half the benefit ; the other half is derived from being able to get the answers when they are wanted and not have to wait for them .
but the processing [ability/skill] is in itself , no matter how good the program , only half the benefit ; the other half is derived from being able to get the answers when they are wanted and not have to wait for them .

Anti-Virus — again licensed from Symantec , an anti-virus capability not dissimilar from Norton 's Anti-virus will be included in the package .
anti-virus — again licensed from symantec , an anti-virus [ability/skill] not dissimilar from norton 's anti-virus will be included in the package .

This gives SuperCalc an impressive extra capability .
this gives supercalc an impressive extra [ability/skill] .

An equally unusual feature of the program is its multiple window capability .
an equally unusual feature of the program is its multiple window [ability/skill] .

Symphony Release 2.2 relied on the Allways add-in for its spreadsheet publishing capability but transition from one to the other has been made as smooth as possible .
symphony release 2.2 relied on the allways add-in for its spreadsheet publishing [ability/skill] but transition from one to the other has been made as smooth as possible .

Wood Group Production Technology made considerable strides with its Permanent Downhole Readout gauge and the proven capability of this equipment has now established us as a leader in this field .
wood group production technology made considerable strides with its permanent downhole readout gauge and the proven [ability/skill] of this equipment has now established us as a leader in this field .

Turbine Engine Services has the capability to disassemble , repair and reassemble engines and/or free turbines .
turbine engine services has the [ability/skill] to disassemble , repair and reassemble engines and/or free turbines .

We were founded in 1954 as the Atomic Energy Authority to manage the development of nuclear power in Britain , a role which produced a breadth and depth of technical capability as relevant to the Process industries as to nuclear power generation .
we were founded in 1954 as the atomic energy authority to manage the development of nuclear power in britain , a role which produced a breadth and depth of technical [ability/skill] as relevant to the process industries as to nuclear power generation .

The very fact that multimedia is becoming such an intense area of activity today suggests that , at least in the view of hardware and software developers , the technological capability has arrived .
the very fact that multimedia is becoming such an intense area of activity today suggests that , at least in the view of hardware and software developers , the technological [ability/skill] has arrived .

While applications do not always positively demand this capability , the overwhelming trend in modern multimedia is towards providing it .
while applications do not always positively demand this [ability/skill] , the overwhelming trend in modern multimedia is towards providing it .

Colour authority and stock service capability allied to tight cost control and good buying saw Laidlaw & Fairgrieve exceed last year 's record figures .
colour authority and stock service [ability/skill] allied to tight cost control and good buying saw laidlaw & fairgrieve exceed last year 's record figures .

Pre-Romanesque Europe produced buildings of considerable interest and capability and created methods of construction certainly not all due either to Roman , Byzantine or later Romanesque knowledge as our forefathers believed .
pre-romanesque europe produced buildings of considerable interest and [ability/skill] and created methods of construction certainly not all due either to roman , byzantine or later romanesque knowledge as our forefathers believed .

The object-oriented approach increases both the semantic and manipulation capability of database systems and therefore offers more than semantic data models .
the object-oriented approach increases both the semantic and manipulation [ability/skill] of database systems and therefore offers more than semantic data models .

Their prime task was drawing but , as we have noted , the use of iron tracks about 1770 brought this chore within the capability of even cheaper child labour .
their prime task was drawing but , as we have noted , the use of iron tracks about 1770 brought this chore within the [ability/skill] of even cheaper child labour .

The main reason for this is that extraction of many types of information from corpora usually pre-supposes the capability to automatically analyse the raw text in various ways .
the main reason for this is that extraction of many types of information from corpora usually pre-supposes the [ability/skill] to automatically analyse the raw text in various ways .

Practical applications exist for text processors of limited parsing capability .
practical applications exist for text processors of limited parsing [ability/skill] .

One benefit from the Mephistco takeover has been a definite improvement in remote capability .
one benefit from the mephistco takeover has been a definite improvement in remote [ability/skill] .

We hope that the awarding of the contract will help to safeguard our national electronic warfare capability well into the next century .
we hope that the awarding of the contract will help to safeguard our national electronic warfare [ability/skill] well into the next century .

It is yet more evidence that the Government are committed to ensuring the capability of the Royal Navy 's fleet and to the wider aim of ensuring that our forces of the future have the modern equipment that they need .
it is yet more evidence that the government are committed to ensuring the [ability/skill] of the royal navy 's fleet and to the wider aim of ensuring that our forces of the future have the modern equipment that they need .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the two essential components for a policy of nuclear deterrence are that one possesses the capability and that a potential enemy does not doubt one 's willingness to use it in order to defend oneself ? Does he agree that a few weasel words in a newspaper do not constitute a policy of nuclear deterrence , particularly when the leader of that party has stated clearly that he would never use nuclear weapons , even if Britain were under nuclear attack ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the two essential components for a policy of nuclear deterrence are that one possesses the [ability/skill] and that a potential enemy does not doubt one 's willingness to use it in order to defend oneself ? does he agree that a few weasel words in a newspaper do not constitute a policy of nuclear deterrence , particularly when the leader of that party has stated clearly that he would never use nuclear weapons , even if britain were under nuclear attack ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence when he intends to replace the Wessex helicopter used for search and rescue work with Sea King or other 24-hour capability helicopters .
to ask the secretary of state for defence when he intends to replace the wessex helicopter used for search and rescue work with sea king or other 24-hour [ability/skill] helicopters .

Not only do we need a strategic deterrent , but there is a strong argument that a sub-strategic deterrent continues to be relevant at a time when there is a real risk of several new nations appearing which have some form of nuclear capability and when we risk the proliferation of not merely equipment but perhaps technology from some of the scientific bases in the former Soviet Union .
not only do we need a strategic deterrent , but there is a strong argument that a sub-strategic deterrent continues to be relevant at a time when there is a real risk of several new nations appearing which have some form of nuclear [ability/skill] and when we risk the proliferation of not merely equipment but perhaps technology from some of the scientific bases in the former soviet union .

Like the unit in Pembrokeshire , it has done that because it believes that it can satisfy the Secretary of State on four points : first , that such a move would show benefits for patients ; secondly , that it would improve management capability ; thirdly , that clinicians would be involved in management ; and , fourthly , that the trust has a future of financial soundness .
like the unit in pembrokeshire , it has done that because it believes that it can satisfy the secretary of state on four points : first , that such a move would show benefits for patients ; secondly , that it would improve management [ability/skill] ; thirdly , that clinicians would be involved in management ; and , fourthly , that the trust has a future of financial soundness .

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence what estimates he has made of the effect on the reactive capability of United Kingdom defence industries of a reduction in defence expenditure to the Western European Union average .
to ask the secretary of state for defence what estimates he has made of the effect on the reactive [ability/skill] of united kingdom defence industries of a reduction in defence expenditure to the western european union average .

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what is his latest information on Iraq 's nuclear capability ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what is his latest information on iraq 's nuclear [ability/skill] ; and if he will make a statement .

The inspection reports of the International Atomic Energy Agency , circulated as United Nations Security Council documents , provide the most detailed information on Iraq 's nuclear capability .
the inspection reports of the international atomic energy agency , circulated as united nations security council documents , provide the most detailed information on iraq 's nuclear [ability/skill] .

We have offered to play a part in an international effort to neutralise Iraq 's potential nuclear weapons capability .
we have offered to play a part in an international effort to neutralise iraq 's potential nuclear weapons [ability/skill] .

That will be greatly for the security of western Europe and , it is to be hoped , will mean that , in time , there will be a more practical integration , exercising and deployment of our defence capability .
that will be greatly for the security of western europe and , it is to be hoped , will mean that , in time , there will be a more practical integration , exercising and deployment of our defence [ability/skill] .

Until that capability is brought under systematic control , although the threat may have changed , it will still exist in some shape or form .
until that [ability/skill] is brought under systematic control , although the threat may have changed , it will still exist in some shape or form .

It may be helpful if , before the end of today 's debate , the Secretary of State and his colleagues could get together to explain what they mean by the enhancement in the anti-ballistic missile capability of the Soviet Union which requires us to make a quantum leap in the warhead capability of the Trident programme .
it may be helpful if , before the end of today 's debate , the secretary of state and his colleagues could get together to explain what they mean by the enhancement in the anti-ballistic missile [ability/skill] of the soviet union which requires us to make a quantum leap in the warhead [ability/skill] of the trident programme .

The Secretary of State put before us a whole catalogue of countries that have ballistic missile capability , and a substantial number of them appear to have embarked on a nuclear weapons programme .
the secretary of state put before us a whole catalogue of countries that have ballistic missile [ability/skill] , and a substantial number of them appear to have embarked on a nuclear weapons programme .

Stratford is also badly connected to the United Kingdom 's railway geography , with inferior capability for through international trains to the north-west and other regions beyond London .
stratford is also badly connected to the united kingdom 's railway geography , with inferior [ability/skill] for through international trains to the north-west and other regions beyond london .

As does the whole concept of the Common Foreign and Security policy , they represent a way of thinking which sees military capability as relatively unimportant beside the dream of a powerful and independent European Union , speaking with one voice and free from American interference .
as does the whole concept of the common foreign and security policy , they represent a way of thinking which sees military [ability/skill] as relatively unimportant beside the dream of a powerful and independent european union , speaking with one voice and free from american interference .

Rather than any physically deterministic or geological reasons , we need to consider the social and religious organisation of the original settlers , their technological capability ( i.e .
rather than any physically deterministic or geological reasons , we need to consider the social and religious organisation of the original settlers , their technological [ability/skill] ( i.e .

Three newspaper man with nothing else to report , since the Transvaal crisis was deemed beyond their capability , were despatched to Broadstairs to try to rootle out any facts that might justify a further paragraph .
three newspaper man with nothing else to report , since the transvaal crisis was deemed beyond their [ability/skill] , were despatched to broadstairs to try to rootle out any facts that might justify a further paragraph .

Delivering economic development means creating an environment of enterprise and capability within which success can bloom .
delivering economic development means creating an environment of enterprise and [ability/skill] within which success can bloom .

The Engineering Council also operates the Technology Enhancement Programme which is for 14–19 year olds and aims to increase capability in technology , mathematics and science , developing skills that are matched to the needs of industry .
the engineering council also operates the technology enhancement programme which is for 14–19 year olds and aims to increase [ability/skill] in technology , mathematics and science , developing skills that are matched to the needs of industry .

Although it was adversely affected by the difficult trading environment , it nonetheless demonstrated the considerable cash generating capability of our businesses .
although it was adversely affected by the difficult trading environment , it nonetheless demonstrated the considerable cash generating [ability/skill] of our businesses .

In social housing we are working alongside our colleagues in Wimpey Homes and , by presenting a combined capability to the marketplace , we believe that 1993 will see us both reinforce Wimpey 's position as market leader in the provision of social housing in the United Kingdom .
in social housing we are working alongside our colleagues in wimpey homes and , by presenting a combined [ability/skill] to the marketplace , we believe that 1993 will see us both reinforce wimpey 's position as market leader in the provision of social housing in the united kingdom .

Wimpol is clearly a leader in the quality geophysical survey market , a position we will strengthen in 1993 by the enhancement of offshore based data processing systems and the geographic expansion of our overall geophysical capability .
wimpol is clearly a leader in the quality geophysical survey market , a position we will strengthen in 1993 by the enhancement of offshore based data processing systems and the geographic expansion of our overall geophysical [ability/skill] .

It was also aimed at increasing the capability of the Port towards larger vessels .
it was also aimed at increasing the [ability/skill] of the port towards larger vessels .

Resolution 45/63 expressed concern at Israel 's continuing nuclear build-up and urged all states `` not to co-operate with or give assistance to Israel that could enhance its nuclear weapons capability `` .
resolution 45/63 expressed concern at israel 's continuing nuclear build-up and urged all states `` not to co-operate with or give assistance to israel that could enhance its nuclear weapons [ability/skill] `` .

The report showed that although a total of 62 ballistic missiles , 18 launch pads , 33 missile warheads , 127 missile storage-racks and substantial amounts of rocket fuel had so far been destroyed , " questions remain[ed] " about Iraq 's capability to manufacture short- and long-range Scud missiles .
the report showed that although a total of 62 ballistic missiles , 18 launch pads , 33 missile warheads , 127 missile storage-racks and substantial amounts of rocket fuel had so far been destroyed , " questions remain[ed] " about iraq 's [ability/skill] to manufacture short- and long-range scud missiles .

Continuing concern over nuclear capability
continuing concern over nuclear [ability/skill]

Confirmation by Bhutto of nuclear weapons capability
confirmation by bhutto of nuclear weapons [ability/skill]

Pakistan 's nuclear weapons capability was confirmed by Bhutto on Aug. 31 .
pakistan 's nuclear weapons [ability/skill] was confirmed by bhutto on aug. 31 .

Addressing a press conference in Islamabad she said that `` Pakistan has the information and the capability to build a nuclear bomb in the event of a threat from India `` .
addressing a press conference in islamabad she said that `` pakistan has the information and the [ability/skill] to build a nuclear bomb in the event of a threat from india `` .

Admission on nuclear capability
admission on nuclear [ability/skill]

`` The capability is there , `` the newspaper quoted Khan as saying in an interview .
`` the [ability/skill] is there , `` the newspaper quoted khan as saying in an interview .

The other advantages inherent in the strategy were that ( i ) it enabled the allied forces to capitalise on their superior mobility and air power by minimizing the possibility of becoming bogged down in a static war ; ( ii ) it made the allies less vulnerable to attack by chemical weapons , as such weapons were most easily used from a static defensive position against an enemy engaged in a frontal assault ; ( iii ) it offered the possibility of cutting off all forces within Kuwait and southern Iraq — including the Republican Guard — thereby enabling the allies to destroy Iraq 's military capability in addition to liberating Kuwait ; and ( iv ) it meant that the allies would capture a swathe of Iraqi territory , a potentially useful lever in the event of the negotiation and implementation of ceasefire conditions .
the other advantages inherent in the strategy were that ( i ) it enabled the allied forces to capitalise on their superior mobility and air power by minimizing the possibility of becoming bogged down in a static war ; ( ii ) it made the allies less vulnerable to attack by chemical weapons , as such weapons were most easily used from a static defensive position against an enemy engaged in a frontal assault ; ( iii ) it offered the possibility of cutting off all forces within kuwait and southern iraq — including the republican guard — thereby enabling the allies to destroy iraq 's military [ability/skill] in addition to liberating kuwait ; and ( iv ) it meant that the allies would capture a swathe of iraqi territory , a potentially useful lever in the event of the negotiation and implementation of ceasefire conditions .

But medical advance not only enhances clinical capability , it carries with it profound ethical , legal , social and economic implications .
but medical advance not only enhances clinical [ability/skill] , it carries with it profound ethical , legal , social and economic implications .

More recently software has been produced which combines the characteristics of viewdata screens with the sort of search capability usually found on databases .
more recently software has been produced which combines the characteristics of viewdata screens with the sort of search [ability/skill] usually found on databases .

At the mine the work itself was certainly tedious , and physically demanding , but the young ones were not driven beyond their capability .
at the mine the work itself was certainly tedious , and physically demanding , but the young ones were not driven beyond their [ability/skill] .

Various attempts are being made to extend the subject searching capability beyond the matching principle .
various attempts are being made to extend the subject searching [ability/skill] beyond the matching principle .

It is possible that in the future combinations of oncogene and tumour suppressor gene alterations may yield a unique insight to the invasive or metastatic capability of a tumour .
it is possible that in the future combinations of oncogene and tumour suppressor gene alterations may yield a unique insight to the invasive or metastatic [ability/skill] of a tumour .

The capability of a breakdown of gliadin peptides by the intestinal brush border enzymes alone have been studied in detail by Bruce et al when it was shown that brush border from coeliac patients and controls were able to hydrolyse gliadin completely in vitro .
the [ability/skill] of a breakdown of gliadin peptides by the intestinal brush border enzymes alone have been studied in detail by bruce et al when it was shown that brush border from coeliac patients and controls were able to hydrolyse gliadin completely in vitro .

The acquisition of Aberdeen-based Marioff Engineering Services ( renamed Wood-Way Hydraulic Services ) provides us with significant hydraulics capability and the acquisition of 65 % of Thistle Engineering , also in Aberdeen , gives us important dimensional control technology which will help to reduce the amount of welding work which is currently carried out offshore .
the acquisition of aberdeen-based marioff engineering services ( renamed wood-way hydraulic services ) provides us with significant hydraulics [ability/skill] and the acquisition of 65 % of thistle engineering , also in aberdeen , gives us important dimensional control technology which will help to reduce the amount of welding work which is currently carried out offshore .

The proven capability of this technology , which includes the benefits of improved reservoir management and enhanced well safety , has now firmly established the company as a leader in this field .
the proven [ability/skill] of this technology , which includes the benefits of improved reservoir management and enhanced well safety , has now firmly established the company as a leader in this field .

Those who have little in-house capability make least use of consultancy services in all fields .
those who have little in-house [ability/skill] make least use of consultancy services in all fields .

One Western military source said Israel 's plans to acquire the submarines would ‘ give impetus ’ to Egyptian efforts to upgrade its anti-submarine capability .
one western military source said israel 's plans to acquire the submarines would ‘ give impetus ’ to egyptian efforts to upgrade its anti-submarine [ability/skill] .

And to be anticipated these should have a capability of fulfilment , if only as fantasy .
and to be anticipated these should have a [ability/skill] of fulfilment , if only as fantasy .

Hitler himself provided encouragement for such opinion when , in his major speech in the Berlin Sportpalast on 3 October 1941 , he not only defended the invasion of the Soviet Union as a preventive war , pre-empting in the nick of time a planned Bolshevik assault on the Reich , but also gave the impression that the back of the Soviet fighting capability had already been broken .
hitler himself provided encouragement for such opinion when , in his major speech in the berlin sportpalast on 3 october 1941 , he not only defended the invasion of the soviet union as a preventive war , pre-empting in the nick of time a planned bolshevik assault on the reich , but also gave the impression that the back of the soviet fighting [ability/skill] had already been broken .

Ditchingham Hall , sitting on two thousand acres landscaped by Capability Brown , previously belonged to Lord Ferrers 's father-in-law , a retired brigadier .
ditchingham hall , sitting on two thousand acres landscaped by [ability/skill] brown , previously belonged to lord ferrers 's father-in-law , a retired brigadier .

If you have any of these problems , you seriously need to consider extending your exercise capability by quite an amount .
if you have any of these problems , you seriously need to consider extending your exercise [ability/skill] by quite an amount .

Although you will no longer be keeping a diary once your programme is completed , it is an excellent idea to retain certain interests like seeking out new recipes , experimenting with different foods , trying new sports , improving your exercise capability .
although you will no longer be keeping a diary once your programme is completed , it is an excellent idea to retain certain interests like seeking out new recipes , experimenting with different foods , trying new sports , improving your exercise [ability/skill] .

‘ Secondly , and this is more important , you will have the capability to influence your own reality in a profoundly greater sense than at any time in mankind 's history .
‘ secondly , and this is more important , you will have the [ability/skill] to influence your own reality in a profoundly greater sense than at any time in mankind 's history .

All of these things , like his Huntingdon middleness , sincerity , capability and relative popularity , went into the equation , as did Mr Kinnock 's relative unpopularity .
all of these things , like his huntingdon middleness , sincerity , [ability/skill] and relative popularity , went into the equation , as did mr kinnock 's relative unpopularity .

It will have the option of a six-speed gearbox to give outstanding fuel economy with a 121 mph capability from its direct injection 2.5-litre five-cylinder engine .
it will have the option of a six-speed gearbox to give outstanding fuel economy with a 121 mph [ability/skill] from its direct injection 2.5-litre five-cylinder engine .

1957 : Duncan Sandys ' ‘ Big Bang ’ philosophy , that led to the end of National Service ; 1965 : Denis Healey 's rolling Defence reviews , ending in the withdrawal from East of Suez ; 1974 : Roy Mason 's concentration of resources on Western European Defence , taking the withdrawal from empire to its logical conclusion ; 1981 : John Nott 's intended sacrifice of Maritime in favour of Continental capability , that was aborted by the Falklands Campaign .
1957 : duncan sandys ' ‘ big bang ’ philosophy , that led to the end of national service ; 1965 : denis healey 's rolling defence reviews , ending in the withdrawal from east of suez ; 1974 : roy mason 's concentration of resources on western european defence , taking the withdrawal from empire to its logical conclusion ; 1981 : john nott 's intended sacrifice of maritime in favour of continental [ability/skill] , that was aborted by the falklands campaign .

Greater emphasis would be needed , as Watkinson proposed , on military intervention capability rather than on the existing network of colonial garrisons .
greater emphasis would be needed , as watkinson proposed , on military intervention [ability/skill] rather than on the existing network of colonial garrisons .

Thanks to the forceful leadership of Mountbatten when he was First Sea Lord , the Navy 's development of its limited war amphibious capability acquired a momentum of its own .
thanks to the forceful leadership of mountbatten when he was first sea lord , the navy 's development of its limited war amphibious [ability/skill] acquired a momentum of its own .

Where designer pop-soul seeks to bolster narcissism ( ‘ learning to love yourself/is the greatest love of all , ’ as Whitney Houston puts it ) and amplify one 's sense of human capability to manage life , hardcore finds perverse pleasure in damaging narcissism , destabilizing one 's sense of human mastery , by a morbid preoccupation with … psychic breakdown , arbitrary violence , random calamity , irrational impulses , the Whole gamut of ‘ unemployable negativity ’ ( Bataille ) .
where designer pop-soul seeks to bolster narcissism ( ‘ learning to love yourself/is the greatest love of all , ’ as whitney houston puts it ) and amplify one 's sense of human [ability/skill] to manage life , hardcore finds perverse pleasure in damaging narcissism , destabilizing one 's sense of human mastery , by a morbid preoccupation with … psychic breakdown , arbitrary violence , random calamity , irrational impulses , the whole gamut of ‘ unemployable negativity ’ ( bataille ) .

General Powell admits to their ‘ latent capability ’ but insists the allies now have ‘ air superiority ’ .
general powell admits to their ‘ latent [ability/skill] ’ but insists the allies now have ‘ air superiority ’ .

The morning after the general 's briefing , Iraq brought its latent air capability out of hiding , and tried to hit allied warships in the Gulf .
the morning after the general 's briefing , iraq brought its latent air [ability/skill] out of hiding , and tried to hit allied warships in the gulf .

They were sitting on the terrace outside her curved stables-cottage , watching the sun go down over Capability Brown 's vista , uninterrupted because of the ha-ha ( however did it get that name ? )
they were sitting on the terrace outside her curved stables-cottage , watching the sun go down over [ability/skill] brown 's vista , uninterrupted because of the ha-ha ( however did it get that name ? )

Mr Kinnock and his foreign affairs spokesman , Gerald Kaufman , have insisted that the party is united behind Labour 's policy of retaining Britain 's nuclear capability until world stocks are eliminated .
mr kinnock and his foreign affairs spokesman , gerald kaufman , have insisted that the party is united behind labour 's policy of retaining britain 's nuclear [ability/skill] until world stocks are eliminated .

This gap in expertise reduces the capability , at least of opposition members , to scrutinise government activities effectively .
this gap in expertise reduces the [ability/skill] , at least of opposition members , to scrutinise government activities effectively .

Chancellor Kohl once tartly remarked , ‘ When you talk to them [ the French ] about economics , they scowl , but as soon as you start talking about their nuclear capability , their faces light up .
chancellor kohl once tartly remarked , ‘ when you talk to them [ the french ] about economics , they scowl , but as soon as you start talking about their nuclear [ability/skill] , their faces light up .

Thirdly , appropriate training and development strategies must be established which are based on analysis and creating the capability to act ; such training is thus confrontational and enabling .
thirdly , appropriate training and development strategies must be established which are based on analysis and creating the [ability/skill] to act ; such training is thus confrontational and enabling .

The potential of a factor to motivate is , therefore , contingent upon the perceived relationship between the value attributed to the outcome , the likelihood of performance leading to the outcome and the existence of the skills , knowledge and capability necessary to achieve the performance .
the potential of a factor to motivate is , therefore , contingent upon the perceived relationship between the value attributed to the outcome , the likelihood of performance leading to the outcome and the existence of the skills , knowledge and [ability/skill] necessary to achieve the performance .

Innate behaviour repertoires only change through natural selection over successive generations and , although their range of tolerance , their capacities , can be extended , their capability in responding to rapid day to day environmental shifts is clearly limited .
innate behaviour repertoires only change through natural selection over successive generations and , although their range of tolerance , their capacities , can be extended , their [ability/skill] in responding to rapid day to day environmental shifts is clearly limited .

Control over these armed forces and the massive nuclear capability is uncertain .
control over these armed forces and the massive nuclear [ability/skill] is uncertain .

Only the Conservatives can be trusted to maintain the quality and capability of our Armed Forces .
only the conservatives can be trusted to maintain the quality and [ability/skill] of our armed forces .

And the problem is that its effect on the neighbours — within a radius of miles , given the capability of modern sound systems — is severely damaging .
and the problem is that its effect on the neighbours — within a radius of miles , given the [ability/skill] of modern sound systems — is severely damaging .

If you are by nature a defensive fighter , then by adding on the abilities of an attacking fighter you will effectively double your capability .
if you are by nature a defensive fighter , then by adding on the abilities of an attacking fighter you will effectively double your [ability/skill] .

All that is necessary is that the brain should be capable of imitation : memes will then evolve that exploit the capability to the full .
all that is necessary is that the brain should be capable of imitation : memes will then evolve that exploit the [ability/skill] to the full .

Displays of retaliatory capability were a notable feature of the live-and-let-live system .
displays of retaliatory [ability/skill] were a notable feature of the live-and-let-live system .

In the end , it is your own ‘ delight ’ , capability , and strength that will limit what you undertake .
in the end , it is your own ‘ delight ’ , [ability/skill] , and strength that will limit what you undertake .

With a large dog , like a Rottweiler , it may be beyond the capability of the new owner to dominate the newly acquired adult dog .
with a large dog , like a rottweiler , it may be beyond the [ability/skill] of the new owner to dominate the newly acquired adult dog .

The rebuilding is still taking place , but while they perhaps lack Wigan 's all-round capability , some of the assurance that carried them so successfully through two-thirds of last season has looked to be returning , and they could possess the forward strength to disrupt Wigan 's composure .
the rebuilding is still taking place , but while they perhaps lack wigan 's all-round [ability/skill] , some of the assurance that carried them so successfully through two-thirds of last season has looked to be returning , and they could possess the forward strength to disrupt wigan 's composure .

The grounds , 2000 acres of parkland , was designed by the famous Capability Brown which contains a large man-made lake crossed by the Grand Bridge designed by Vanbrugh and is reputed to be the finest bridge in Europe .
the grounds , 2000 acres of parkland , was designed by the famous [ability/skill] brown which contains a large man-made lake crossed by the grand bridge designed by vanbrugh and is reputed to be the finest bridge in europe .

This issue was first raised as early as 1941 , and by 1943–4 had become a subject of major concern for the British government , aware that unless rules were laid down in advance , the United States would use its enormous wealth , undamaged industrial capability , and the advantages obtained during the war years to drive Britain and other countries off the international air routes .
this issue was first raised as early as 1941 , and by 1943–4 had become a subject of major concern for the british government , aware that unless rules were laid down in advance , the united states would use its enormous wealth , undamaged industrial [ability/skill] , and the advantages obtained during the war years to drive britain and other countries off the international air routes .

As a result of seeing part of knowledge as the whole , ‘ rationalists ’ , Oakeshott contends , over-estimate their abilities to define and solve problems , whereas reason proper indicates the need for caution in assessing the scope of human capability .
as a result of seeing part of knowledge as the whole , ‘ rationalists ’ , oakeshott contends , over-estimate their abilities to define and solve problems , whereas reason proper indicates the need for caution in assessing the scope of human [ability/skill] .

Conservative Western military analysts have expressed scepticism about Soviet statements that they are removing from their armed forces both the capability and the doctrine of a large-scale attack on western Europe .
conservative western military analysts have expressed scepticism about soviet statements that they are removing from their armed forces both the [ability/skill] and the doctrine of a large-scale attack on western europe .

Dr Gary Savage , McLaren 's development engineer , pointed out that the newly equipped laboratory ‘ will have the performance capability in materials science testing which is comparable to any multinational chemical company .
dr gary savage , mclaren 's development engineer , pointed out that the newly equipped laboratory ‘ will have the performance [ability/skill] in materials science testing which is comparable to any multinational chemical company .

Also launched was Peaktrak — a simple peak logic device for use with any detector and data system to provide contact closures and/or autozero capability with logic determined by either time or the presence of a peak .
also launched was peaktrak — a simple peak logic device for use with any detector and data system to provide contact closures and/or autozero [ability/skill] with logic determined by either time or the presence of a peak .

‘ We must have an ‘ alternative to peace ’ including a limited war capability … We must at least make preparations to fight wars ‘ carefully ’ .
‘ we must have an ‘ alternative to peace ’ including a limited war [ability/skill] … we must at least make preparations to fight wars ‘ carefully ’ .

Other minor gripes were the ( understandable ) lack of drive-through capability and the wallet 's plastic front , which soon started to split .
other minor gripes were the ( understandable ) lack of drive-through [ability/skill] and the wallet 's plastic front , which soon started to split .

Dual-surface capability
dual-surface [ability/skill]

Set in beautiful parkland landscaped by Capability Brown , the house is a superb example of Georgian architecture .
set in beautiful parkland landscaped by [ability/skill] brown , the house is a superb example of georgian architecture .

Mark asked him how he could reconcile his views with what was clearly Britain s basic needs ; the need to maintain a strong manufacturing base as a defence capability ; the need to correct a massive and worsening trade deficit on manufactured products ; and the need to provide talented school-leavers with creative career opportunities in the manufacturing sector as designers , physicists , chemists and engineers as opposed to the more mundane jobs in the service sector as warehousemen and handlers of other countries ' goods .
mark asked him how he could reconcile his views with what was clearly britain s basic needs ; the need to maintain a strong manufacturing base as a defence [ability/skill] ; the need to correct a massive and worsening trade deficit on manufactured products ; and the need to provide talented school-leavers with creative career opportunities in the manufacturing sector as designers , physicists , chemists and engineers as opposed to the more mundane jobs in the service sector as warehousemen and handlers of other countries ' goods .

For this reason the suspension capability of a detergent is sometimes referred to as rinseability .
for this reason the suspension [ability/skill] of a detergent is sometimes referred to as rinseability .

Chlorinated trisodium polyphosphate is the combination of a strongly alkaline phosphate and chlorine and therefore has a significant cleaning capability although it suffers as a disinfectant through its low chlorine content .
chlorinated trisodium polyphosphate is the combination of a strongly alkaline phosphate and chlorine and therefore has a significant cleaning [ability/skill] although it suffers as a disinfectant through its low chlorine content .

Of the two benzalkonium chloride is less affected by hard water and has a better disinfection capability .
of the two benzalkonium chloride is less affected by hard water and has a better disinfection [ability/skill] .

They have an extraordinary capability to taint food where they form compounds with fats which are detectable in parts per billion .
they have an extraordinary [ability/skill] to taint food where they form compounds with fats which are detectable in parts per billion .

It has the effect of increasing the surface area of a solution , thus increasing its speed of activity , and assisting in the total capability of a solution to suspend dirt much of it ending up trapped in the foam .
it has the effect of increasing the surface area of a solution , thus increasing its speed of activity , and assisting in the total [ability/skill] of a solution to suspend dirt much of it ending up trapped in the foam .

Less acceptable is the term ‘ general purpose detergent ’ as it may imply a capability not warranted by such a product .
less acceptable is the term ‘ general purpose detergent ’ as it may imply a [ability/skill] not warranted by such a product .

Only where there is a strong ‘ in-house ’ maintenance capability , and good liaison between users and the machine supplier , is it wise to treat chemicals as products in isolation .
only where there is a strong ‘ in-house ’ maintenance [ability/skill] , and good liaison between users and the machine supplier , is it wise to treat chemicals as products in isolation .

Formulations are varied because there are three ways of achieving the same capability with combinations and permutations .
formulations are varied because there are three ways of achieving the same [ability/skill] with combinations and permutations .

The use of the term steriliser implies a chemical capability that is not possible in the food industry .
the use of the term steriliser implies a chemical [ability/skill] that is not possible in the food industry .

In case of doubt , or where results may be not representative of the product capability for reasons outside the scope of the trial , such as staff sickness with certain cleaning tasks not being carried out , a typical situation may be set up and a specific cleaning operation carried out reproducing typical use conditions .
in case of doubt , or where results may be not representative of the product [ability/skill] for reasons outside the scope of the trial , such as staff sickness with certain cleaning tasks not being carried out , a typical situation may be set up and a specific cleaning operation carried out reproducing typical use conditions .

Therefore considerations of safety relate mainly to operational capability to handle chemicals safely and not so much to the characteristics of the product .
therefore considerations of safety relate mainly to operational [ability/skill] to handle chemicals safely and not so much to the characteristics of the product .

Often regarded as a last resort the use of contract cleaners is a valid management option to replace any or all of the ‘ in house ’ capability . The following factors may influence a decision to employ contractors :
often regarded as a last resort the use of contract cleaners is a valid management option to replace any or all of the ‘ in house ’ [ability/skill] . the following factors may influence a decision to employ contractors :

Chapter 6 formalises a decision-making model in which a household may take up a number of different income opportunities according to its capability and the ‘ entry costs ’ of such opportunities .
chapter 6 formalises a decision-making model in which a household may take up a number of different income opportunities according to its [ability/skill] and the ‘ entry costs ’ of such opportunities .

Western military sources confirmed that Turkey had the military capability to carry out an air raid on the Bekaa .
western military sources confirmed that turkey had the military [ability/skill] to carry out an air raid on the bekaa .

The top 10 Peps last year were , in descending order : Britannia Life American Growth ; Fleming American ; Fleming Fledgling ; Murray International ; Murray Smaller Markets ; Capability Special Situations ; Fleming Mercantile ; Eagle Star Environmental Opportunities ; Providence Capitol United Kingdom Money Markets and Eagle Star United Kingdom Growth .
the top 10 peps last year were , in descending order : britannia life american growth ; fleming american ; fleming fledgling ; murray international ; murray smaller markets ; [ability/skill] special situations ; fleming mercantile ; eagle star environmental opportunities ; providence capitol united kingdom money markets and eagle star united kingdom growth .

Plans evolved for new trains for the 1990s Channel Tunnel workings between British provincial centres and Paris , Brussels , and beyond being formed into eighteen coach trains with a power car at each end like an extended electric version of the InterCity 125 diesels , but with the capability to split into nine-coach trains push-pull style with a single power car , perhaps they are all things to all men .
plans evolved for new trains for the 1990s channel tunnel workings between british provincial centres and paris , brussels , and beyond being formed into eighteen coach trains with a power car at each end like an extended electric version of the intercity 125 diesels , but with the [ability/skill] to split into nine-coach trains push-pull style with a single power car , perhaps they are all things to all men .

McKinsey said it had several programmes in place to build the information technology capability of its consulting staff , and Information Consulting could accelerate the process .
mckinsey said it had several programmes in place to build the information technology [ability/skill] of its consulting staff , and information consulting could accelerate the process .

But each also has the capability of being built into defensive weapons systems .
but each also has the [ability/skill] of being built into defensive weapons systems .

The result is to increase the attractiveness of non-offensive ( or non-provocative ) defence strategies , based on the principle that all the activities of the military forces — ranging from their size , structure , weapons and logistics to their training , manoeuvres and war games — can be designed to provide an effective defence , but with virtually no offensive capability .
the result is to increase the attractiveness of non-offensive ( or non-provocative ) defence strategies , based on the principle that all the activities of the military forces — ranging from their size , structure , weapons and logistics to their training , manoeuvres and war games — can be designed to provide an effective defence , but with virtually no offensive [ability/skill] .

This again differs widely depending on the degree of the handicap , and autistics may be found at the farthest extremes of social and academic capability .
this again differs widely depending on the degree of the handicap , and autistics may be found at the farthest extremes of social and academic [ability/skill] .

There is much in the structured thinking , the imagination and the symbolism in mathematics and science and in other subjects that can extend the pupil 's capability in English .
there is much in the structured thinking , the imagination and the symbolism in mathematics and science and in other subjects that can extend the pupil 's [ability/skill] in english .

Park laid out by Capability Brown 1760–80 .
park laid out by [ability/skill] brown 1760–80 .

Stowe was the birthplace of English landscape gardening , created by many of the great names of 18th century gardening , architecture and sculpture — Vanburgh , Bridgeman , Kent , Gibbs , Rysbrack , Scheemakers and Capability Brown .
stowe was the birthplace of english landscape gardening , created by many of the great names of 18th century gardening , architecture and sculpture — vanburgh , bridgeman , kent , gibbs , rysbrack , scheemakers and [ability/skill] brown .

Since the beginning it has grown in capability , in scope and in expertise .
since the beginning it has grown in [ability/skill] , in scope and in expertise .

The village now lies beneath the lakes created in the 18th Century by Capability Brown as part of a grand landscape scheme .
the village now lies beneath the lakes created in the 18th century by [ability/skill] brown as part of a grand landscape scheme .

The Manchester Citizens Corporation was alone in lobbying for such provision , but its capability in this area became increasingly constrained towards the end of the Programme period ( see below ) .
the manchester citizens corporation was alone in lobbying for such provision , but its [ability/skill] in this area became increasingly constrained towards the end of the programme period ( see below ) .

All have the same capability , effectively working in a 6-7-foot ( 2-metre ) range , beyond which no signals can be picked up .
all have the same [ability/skill] , effectively working in a 6-7-foot ( 2-metre ) range , beyond which no signals can be picked up .

Turning now to the representatives of old age who actually believe age is an automatic disqualifier , let us scrutinise the sorts of replies , among which this was typical : ‘ Capability should be the main criteria ( sic ) , but 70 years of age should be the limit .
turning now to the representatives of old age who actually believe age is an automatic disqualifier , let us scrutinise the sorts of replies , among which this was typical : ‘ [ability/skill] should be the main criteria ( sic ) , but 70 years of age should be the limit .

In August , a Blackpool Times reporter visited the new depot and reported : ‘ This is an erection of imposing dimensions , with a capability of holding at least a score of cars .
in august , a blackpool times reporter visited the new depot and reported : ‘ this is an erection of imposing dimensions , with a [ability/skill] of holding at least a score of cars .

It will not be easy for him to justify dismissing you because of any lack of capability on your part where that could have been anticipated when you were originally offered the job .
it will not be easy for him to justify dismissing you because of any lack of [ability/skill] on your part where that could have been anticipated when you were originally offered the job .

This principle might not be restricted to cases of misconduct or lack of capability .
this principle might not be restricted to cases of misconduct or lack of [ability/skill] .

Operating under Windows 3.0 , LabQuest utilises the extended memory capability , multi-tasking and networking features of this graphic interface system .
operating under windows 3.0 , labquest utilises the extended memory [ability/skill] , multi-tasking and networking features of this graphic interface system .

People have a range of abilities , and higher management posts call for an all round capability , not least of which is the ability to draw resources together , and to lead .
people have a range of abilities , and higher management posts call for an all round [ability/skill] , not least of which is the ability to draw resources together , and to lead .

The modernised fleet will give a high speed capability that will overcome operational difficulties caused by speed restrictions on some of the oldest coaches .
the modernised fleet will give a high speed [ability/skill] that will overcome operational difficulties caused by speed restrictions on some of the oldest coaches .

as if to underline the shifting boundaries of our assumptions , the working group on design and technology has challenged its ‘ subject ’ status , preferring to describe it as a ‘ capability ’ that will be developed not only through design technology , business studies , information technology and home economics , but through most other subjects as well .
as if to underline the shifting boundaries of our assumptions , the working group on design and technology has challenged its ‘ subject ’ status , preferring to describe it as a ‘ [ability/skill] ’ that will be developed not only through design technology , business studies , information technology and home economics , but through most other subjects as well .

It has parallels in the ‘ education for capability ’ movement , and in the general modern response in education to the call for self-sufficient individuals , suitably equipped as adults to be project managers , team workers , problem solvers .
it has parallels in the ‘ education for [ability/skill] ’ movement , and in the general modern response in education to the call for self-sufficient individuals , suitably equipped as adults to be project managers , team workers , problem solvers .

For the same reasons , it would be easy to end up with different versions at different locations , especially if the users themselves have the capability to modify the expert system .
for the same reasons , it would be easy to end up with different versions at different locations , especially if the users themselves have the [ability/skill] to modify the expert system .

However , we would not want everyone to have this capability or we would spawn lots of different expert systems .
however , we would not want everyone to have this [ability/skill] or we would spawn lots of different expert systems .

The capability of being able to codify , store and build upon human expert knowledge has profound organisational advantages in the way personnel can be both trained and supported .
the [ability/skill] of being able to codify , store and build upon human expert knowledge has profound organisational advantages in the way personnel can be both trained and supported .

The landscaped gardens outside the houses remain a tribute to the great 18th-century landscaper , Capability Brown .
the landscaped gardens outside the houses remain a tribute to the great 18th-century landscaper , [ability/skill] brown .

It should give the country the capability to design and build the next generation of Australian communications satellites as well as to win lucrative overseas contracts .
it should give the country the [ability/skill] to design and build the next generation of australian communications satellites as well as to win lucrative overseas contracts .

But if it has that civil capability it is all too easy to turn it to less than peaceful purposes .
but if it has that civil [ability/skill] it is all too easy to turn it to less than peaceful purposes .

The Soviet Union 's response has been a relentless increase in its chemical warfare capability .
the soviet union 's response has been a relentless increase in its chemical warfare [ability/skill] .

Goodlad 's ideas have received some outside encouragement : the Royal Society of Arts gave his course on communication of scientific ideas an Education for Capability award for providing an effective combination of academic reflection and the learning of practical skills in communication of ideas .
goodlad 's ideas have received some outside encouragement : the royal society of arts gave his course on communication of scientific ideas an education for [ability/skill] award for providing an effective combination of academic reflection and the learning of practical skills in communication of ideas .

As already implied , the content of the foregoing speculations on the source and scale of man 's capability for life enjoyment and all that it could mean is , of course , hypothetical , and in any case the development was spread over millions of years , but it does however provide a basis for thought which does not require the invocation of the supernatural .
as already implied , the content of the foregoing speculations on the source and scale of man 's [ability/skill] for life enjoyment and all that it could mean is , of course , hypothetical , and in any case the development was spread over millions of years , but it does however provide a basis for thought which does not require the invocation of the supernatural .

Most of the technology ( apart , perhaps , from extensive voice recognition capability ) needed for a fully automated office has arrived .
most of the technology ( apart , perhaps , from extensive voice recognition [ability/skill] ) needed for a fully automated office has arrived .

As humans , we may learn to talk , but the impetus to learn and the capability to acquire human language are instinctively human .
as humans , we may learn to talk , but the impetus to learn and the [ability/skill] to acquire human language are instinctively human .

Yet no-one can say whence this perpetual motion and apparent ‘ self-organizing ’ capability has arisen .
yet no-one can say whence this perpetual motion and apparent ‘ self-organizing ’ [ability/skill] has arisen .

But while this method keeps many plant-eaters at bay , there are always a few creatures who have the design capability to deal with the toxins .
but while this method keeps many plant-eaters at bay , there are always a few creatures who have the design [ability/skill] to deal with the toxins .

It is actually a fairly simple matter , well within the capability of Neolithic and Bronze Age people , to set down a straight line across hilly country using three surveying poles .
it is actually a fairly simple matter , well within the [ability/skill] of neolithic and bronze age people , to set down a straight line across hilly country using three surveying poles .

These questions — which have to be answered rapid-fire on ticksheets , often by selecting a level of enthusiasm or indifference on a scale of one to five — contain several which aim to identify a particular management capability or personality trait .
these questions — which have to be answered rapid-fire on ticksheets , often by selecting a level of enthusiasm or indifference on a scale of one to five — contain several which aim to identify a particular management [ability/skill] or personality trait .

His interest is in the cultural and technological aspects of production — organisation of industry , scale of production and capability of the artisan .
his interest is in the cultural and technological aspects of production — organisation of industry , scale of production and [ability/skill] of the artisan .

Its stability needs and signalling capability are shown .
its stability needs and signalling [ability/skill] are shown .

Existing biolayer/transducer combinations have all achieved ‘ proof of principle ’ capability , and look promising in bioanalysis .
existing biolayer/transducer combinations have all achieved ‘ proof of principle ’ [ability/skill] , and look promising in bioanalysis .

’ Learning is a change in human disposition or capability which can be retained , and which is not simply ascribable to the process of growth . ’ Gagné
’ learning is a change in human disposition or [ability/skill] which can be retained , and which is not simply ascribable to the process of growth . ’ gagné

The house is surrounded by 1000 acres of spectacular parkland , gardens and woodland shaped by Lancelot ‘ Capability ’ Brown , the most renowned designer of English landscape .
the house is surrounded by 1000 acres of spectacular parkland , gardens and woodland shaped by lancelot ‘ [ability/skill] ’ brown , the most renowned designer of english landscape .

— Designed in the 1840s by Sir Charles Barry ( architect of the Houses of Parliament ) the Terrace , with its distinctive Italianate garden , provides a spectacular view over the lake and Capability Brown 's undulating landscape .
— designed in the 1840s by sir charles barry ( architect of the houses of parliament ) the terrace , with its distinctive italianate garden , provides a spectacular view over the lake and [ability/skill] brown 's undulating landscape .

The instructor 's low estimate of patron capability .
the instructor 's low estimate of patron [ability/skill] .

The matching of the activities of an organisation to its resource capability
the matching of the activities of an organisation to its resource [ability/skill]

Capability to perform ad hoc analysis .
[ability/skill] to perform ad hoc analysis .

Firstly , the crop has to be a legume ; secondly , the Rhizobium species selected will need to be one that has the capability of forming a symbiotic relationship with the host ( though there is the possibility as discussed in section 8.4.3 , that genetic engineering could simplify this aspect of the procedure ) ; and thirdly , it is important that the bacterial strain should be efficient at nitrogen fixation .
firstly , the crop has to be a legume ; secondly , the rhizobium species selected will need to be one that has the [ability/skill] of forming a symbiotic relationship with the host ( though there is the possibility as discussed in section 8.4.3 , that genetic engineering could simplify this aspect of the procedure ) ; and thirdly , it is important that the bacterial strain should be efficient at nitrogen fixation .

All men even if they are not so fortunate as to be scientists or artists have still within them the capability to transform their lives into ones of creativity .
all men even if they are not so fortunate as to be scientists or artists have still within them the [ability/skill] to transform their lives into ones of creativity .

‘ There are two successive movements of consciousness , difficult but well within our capability , by which we can have access to the superior gradations of our existence .
‘ there are two successive movements of consciousness , difficult but well within our [ability/skill] , by which we can have access to the superior gradations of our existence .

we beg to state that we have been guided not by mere aesthetic reasons only , but our opinions are based upon the observance by the competitors of the instructions furnished for their guidance , together with the general disposition and arrangement of the plans , the practicability of the designs in a structural point of view , and their capability of convenient application to the public service .
we beg to state that we have been guided not by mere aesthetic reasons only , but our opinions are based upon the observance by the competitors of the instructions furnished for their guidance , together with the general disposition and arrangement of the plans , the practicability of the designs in a structural point of view , and their [ability/skill] of convenient application to the public service .

How is the capability of each remedy known ?
how is the [ability/skill] of each remedy known ?

Successful apparel manufacturers must now focus on their capability to respond accurately and efficiently to the stringent demands placed on them by new retailing practices .
successful apparel manufacturers must now focus on their [ability/skill] to respond accurately and efficiently to the stringent demands placed on them by new retailing practices .

Most production managers instinctively believe that having at least some manufacturing capability close to the market adds value to the company , but expressing that value in dollars and cents , and making specific allocations of products to plants , are difficult .
most production managers instinctively believe that having at least some manufacturing [ability/skill] close to the market adds value to the company , but expressing that value in dollars and cents , and making specific allocations of products to plants , are difficult .

The capability to compete increasingly depends on an enterprise ’ s ability to manage operations according to the logistics of time and flow of product , reducing time to market and the costs of holding inventory .
the [ability/skill] to compete increasingly depends on an enterprise ’ s ability to manage operations according to the logistics of time and flow of product , reducing time to market and the costs of holding inventory .

With neither timely information on the state of sales at the store , nor the capability to use that information , little could be done to resolve this source of uncertainty and excess cost in the channel .
with neither timely information on the state of sales at the store , nor the [ability/skill] to use that information , little could be done to resolve this source of uncertainty and excess cost in the channel .

The walk up this volcanic peak is steep but within the capability of a normally fit person .
the walk up this volcanic peak is steep but within the [ability/skill] of a normally fit person .

Homeland Security Reorganization and Missions an executive and operational capability to encourage and manage change .
homeland security reorganization and missions an executive and operational [ability/skill] to encourage and manage change .

Characteristics of a Worldclass Finance Organization A worldclass finance organization can best be defined in terms of the business outcomes it producesoutcomes such as improved business analysis , innovative solutions to business problems , reduced operating costs , increased capability to perform adhoc analysis , and improved overall business performance .
characteristics of a worldclass finance organization a worldclass finance organization can best be defined in terms of the business outcomes it producesoutcomes such as improved business analysis , innovative solutions to business problems , reduced operating costs , increased [ability/skill] to perform adhoc analysis , and improved overall business performance .

Establishing a computer incident response capability , and , in some cases , serving as members of the emergency response team .
establishing a computer incident response [ability/skill] , and , in some cases , serving as members of the emergency response team .

ARL concluded that to ensure that it had the capability to meet the new challenge and continue to conduct its mission of basic and applied research , it had to work in partnership with universities and the private sector , as well as operate more effectively and efficiently .
arl concluded that to ensure that it had the [ability/skill] to meet the new challenge and continue to conduct its mission of basic and applied research , it had to work in partnership with universities and the private sector , as well as operate more effectively and efficiently .

Passwords and identification codes generally do not provide this detection capability .
passwords and identification codes generally do not provide this detection [ability/skill] .

Both officials would lose the capability to determine whether claims under $ 75 were reasonable under the circumstances .
both officials would lose the [ability/skill] to determine whether claims under $ 75 were reasonable under the circumstances .

None of these programs had completed more than 26 percent of their engineering drawings for their critical design reviews , and only the F-22 and PAC-3 programs attempted to track the capability of their critical manufacturing processes prior to production .
none of these programs had completed more than 26 percent of their engineering drawings for their critical design reviews , and only the f-22 and pac-3 programs attempted to track the [ability/skill] of their critical manufacturing processes prior to production .

For the most part , DOD programs try to achieve the same leap in performance but in just one step , contributing to development times that can take over 15 years to deliver a new capability to the military user .
for the most part , dod programs try to achieve the same leap in performance but in just one step , contributing to development times that can take over 15 years to deliver a new [ability/skill] to the military user .

The AIM-9X is planned to have increased resistance to countermeasures and improved target acquisition capability .
the aim-9x is planned to have increased resistance to countermeasures and improved target acquisition [ability/skill] .

Other factors included early achievement of design stability , early identification of key characteristics and critical manufacturing processes , use of established manufacturing processes for components common to other weapon systems , design trade-offs to enhance manufacturing capability , and a product design less vulnerable to variations in manufacturing processes .
other factors included early achievement of design stability , early identification of key characteristics and critical manufacturing processes , use of established manufacturing processes for components common to other weapon systems , design trade-offs to enhance manufacturing [ability/skill] , and a product design less vulnerable to variations in manufacturing processes .

These evolutionary improvements to products eventually result in the full desired capability , but in multiple steps , delivering a series of enhanced interim capabilities to the customer more quickly .
these evolutionary improvements to products eventually result in the full desired [ability/skill] , but in multiple steps , delivering a series of enhanced interim capabilities to the customer more quickly .

Historically , DOD 's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often attempt to satisfy the full requirement in a single step , regardless of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full capability .
historically , dod 's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often attempt to satisfy the full requirement in a single step , regardless of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full [ability/skill] .

Under this single-step approach , a war fighter can wait over 15 years to receive any improved capability .
under this single-step approach , a war fighter can wait over 15 years to receive any improved [ability/skill] .

General Electric builds on the basic capability of a fielded product by introducing proven improvements in capability from its advanced engineering development team .
general electric builds on the basic [ability/skill] of a fielded product by introducing proven improvements in [ability/skill] from its advanced engineering development team .

The overwhelming majority of DOD 's major acquisitions today require major leaps in capability over their predecessors or any other competing weapon systems , with little knowledge about the resources that will be required to design and manufacture the systems .
the overwhelming majority of dod 's major acquisitions today require major leaps in [ability/skill] over their predecessors or any other competing weapon systems , with little knowledge about the resources that will be required to design and manufacture the systems .

In addition , establishing tooling and manufacturing capability is also required .
in addition , establishing tooling and manufacturing [ability/skill] is also required .

Once critical processes are identified , companies perform capability studies to ensure that a process will produce parts that meet specifications .
once critical processes are identified , companies perform [ability/skill] studies to ensure that a process will produce parts that meet specifications .

These studies yield a process capability index ( Cpk ) , a measure of the process 's ability to build a part within specified limits .
these studies yield a process [ability/skill] index ( cpk ) , a measure of the process 's ability to build a part within specified limits .

These programs were not based on predecessor products or evolutionary in nature , and each product 's full capability was expected in one step , with the first product off the production line .
these programs were not based on predecessor products or evolutionary in nature , and each product 's full [ability/skill] was expected in one step , with the first product off the production line .

Program officials took steps to ensure that manufacturing aspects of the product were included in the design , including empowering a product leader with a manufacturing background , identifying the key characteristics and critical manufacturing processes early , making design trade-offs to enhance manufacturing capability , and demonstrating a robust design to make the product less vulnerable to variations in manufacturing process .
program officials took steps to ensure that manufacturing aspects of the product were included in the design , including empowering a product leader with a manufacturing background , identifying the key characteristics and critical manufacturing processes early , making design trade-offs to enhance manufacturing [ability/skill] , and demonstrating a robust design to make the product less vulnerable to variations in manufacturing process .

F-22 Fighter Program The F-22 program is structured to provide the product 's full capability with the first product off the production line-an extreme design challenge .
f-22 fighter program the f-22 program is structured to provide the product 's full [ability/skill] with the first product off the production line-an extreme design challenge .

Program managers are empowered to make informed decisions before big investments in manufacturing capability are required .
program managers are empowered to make informed decisions before big investments in manufacturing [ability/skill] are required .

That funding allowed a significant increase in investment to develop a manufacturing capability before critical 10 Cost-reimbursement contracts provide for payment of allowable incurred costs , to the extent prescribed in the contracts .
that funding allowed a significant increase in investment to develop a manufacturing [ability/skill] before critical 10 cost-reimbursement contracts provide for payment of allowable incurred costs , to the extent prescribed in the contracts .

Such changes are necessary to obtain greater predictability in weapon system Page 61 GAO-02-701 Best Practices programs ' cost and schedule , to improve the quality of weapon systems once fielded , and to deliver new capability to the war fighter faster .
such changes are necessary to obtain greater predictability in weapon system page 61 gao-02-701 best practices programs ' cost and schedule , to improve the quality of weapon systems once fielded , and to deliver new [ability/skill] to the war fighter faster .

Establishing a computer incident response capability , and , in some cases , serving as members of the emergency response team .
establishing a computer incident response [ability/skill] , and , in some cases , serving as members of the emergency response team .

Owners , the government included , traditionally have maintained some level of internal facility planning and design oversight capability to ensure that new facilities acceptably balance the factors of cost , schedule , quality , and performance .
owners , the government included , traditionally have maintained some level of internal facility planning and design oversight [ability/skill] to ensure that new facilities acceptably balance the factors of cost , schedule , quality , and performance .

These specific areas include knowledge of solicitation procedures , benchmarking and other performance or capability validation techniques , and knowledge of technical areas such as database management and telecommunications networks .
these specific areas include knowledge of solicitation procedures , benchmarking and other performance or [ability/skill] validation techniques , and knowledge of technical areas such as database management and telecommunications networks .

A methodology for having users validate therequirements analysis for both capability and performance .
a methodology for having users validate therequirements analysis for both [ability/skill] and performance .

These elements include acquisition objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .
these elements include acquisition objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; [ability/skill] or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .

These persons should also know enough about performance or capability validation techniques to determine whether or not the agency 's requirements are reasonable and effective .
these persons should also know enough about performance or [ability/skill] validation techniques to determine whether or not the agency 's requirements are reasonable and effective .

Capability Validation The technical verification of the ability of a proposed system configuration , replacement component , or the features or functions of its software , to satisfy functional requirements .
[ability/skill] validation the technical verification of the ability of a proposed system configuration , replacement component , or the features or functions of its software , to satisfy functional requirements .

Examples of capability validation include :
examples of [ability/skill] validation include :

Conversion operate with similar functional capability in a different environment ; for example , converting a program from FORTRAN to Ada or converting a program that runs on one computer to run on another .
conversion operate with similar functional [ability/skill] in a different environment ; for example , converting a program from fortran to ada or converting a program that runs on one computer to run on another .

An announcement in the Commerce Business Daily orRequest for other publication requesting information fromInformation industry about a planned acquisition , and , in some cases , corporate capability information .
an announcement in the commerce business daily orrequest for other publication requesting information frominformation industry about a planned acquisition , and , in some cases , corporate [ability/skill] information .

We reported in February 1998 that IRS had not clearly defined system modernization phases , nor had it adequately specified organizational roles , making it unclear who was to do what.8 IRS ' systems modernization challenges include completing a modernization blueprint to define , direct , and control future modernization efforts and establishing the management and engineering capability to build and acquire modernized systems .
we reported in february 1998 that irs had not clearly defined system modernization phases , nor had it adequately specified organizational roles , making it unclear who was to do what.8 irs ' systems modernization challenges include completing a modernization blueprint to define , direct , and control future modernization efforts and establishing the management and engineering [ability/skill] to build and acquire modernized systems .

For example , while a company may need a business strategist to build a new IT capability , over time another type of CIO may be better suited to sustaining operations .
for example , while a company may need a business strategist to build a new it [ability/skill] , over time another type of cio may be better suited to sustaining operations .

Case Study : Positioning the CIO for Success In 1996 , this manufacturing company instituted a CIO position to help build its information management capability after deciding to split its former internal IT service provider off as an independent business .
case study : positioning the cio for success in 1996 , this manufacturing company instituted a cio position to help build its information management [ability/skill] after deciding to split its former internal it service provider off as an independent business .

The company used a consultant to search for a CIO to build the in-house information management capability .
the company used a consultant to search for a cio to build the in-house information management [ability/skill] .

Rather than allowing their technology ideas and programs to stagnate , they keep abreast of changes in the fast-paced environment that might be applied to enhance capability and improve mission performance in their own organizations .
rather than allowing their technology ideas and programs to stagnate , they keep abreast of changes in the fast-paced environment that might be applied to enhance [ability/skill] and improve mission performance in their own organizations .

CIOs also benchmark , partner with , or seek advice from successful peers and competitors on initiatives that provide opportunities for exchanging ideas , sharing capability and expertise , and achieving mutual benefits in the larger information technology and management community .
cios also benchmark , partner with , or seek advice from successful peers and competitors on initiatives that provide opportunities for exchanging ideas , sharing [ability/skill] and expertise , and achieving mutual benefits in the larger information technology and management community .

People Capability Maturity Model .
people [ability/skill] maturity model .

Specifically , these organizations bring in employees with desirable skills from across the enterprise to work in conjunction with IT professionals , thereby maximizing the capability of their technical resources .
specifically , these organizations bring in employees with desirable skills from across the enterprise to work in conjunction with it professionals , thereby maximizing the [ability/skill] of their technical resources .

Co-counseling with LSC recipients remedies many of the barriers to private representation of aliens by providing private attorneys access to specialized legal expertise , language capability , familiarity with aliens ' communities , and the skills and resources necessary to keep in touch with migrating witnesses and clients .
co-counseling with lsc recipients remedies many of the barriers to private representation of aliens by providing private attorneys access to specialized legal expertise , language [ability/skill] , familiarity with aliens ' communities , and the skills and resources necessary to keep in touch with migrating witnesses and clients .

In order to address the access barriers that face rural and isolated communities and enhance communication between and among the three programs , the programs have developed highly sophisticated video-conferencing capability .
in order to address the access barriers that face rural and isolated communities and enhance communication between and among the three programs , the programs have developed highly sophisticated video-conferencing [ability/skill] .

IPM Is Suited to Model Multi-Emission Control Programs • Among the factors that make IPM particularly well suited to model multi-emissions control programs are ( 1 ) its ability to capture complex interactions among the electric power , fuel , and environmental markets , ( 2 ) its detail-rich representation of emission control options encompassing a broad array of retrofit technologies along with emission reductions through fuel switching , changes in capacity mix , and electricity dispatch strategies , and ( 3 ) its capability to model a variety of environmental market mechanisms , such as emissions caps , allowances , trading , and banking .
ipm is suited to model multi-emission control programs • among the factors that make ipm particularly well suited to model multi-emissions control programs are ( 1 ) its ability to capture complex interactions among the electric power , fuel , and environmental markets , ( 2 ) its detail-rich representation of emission control options encompassing a broad array of retrofit technologies along with emission reductions through fuel switching , changes in capacity mix , and electricity dispatch strategies , and ( 3 ) its [ability/skill] to model a variety of environmental market mechanisms , such as emissions caps , allowances , trading , and banking .

The IPM is dynamic ; it has the capability to use forecasts of future conditions , requirements , and option characteristics to make decisions for the present .
the ipm is dynamic ; it has the [ability/skill] to use forecasts of future conditions , requirements , and option characteristics to make decisions for the present .

Similarly , we used an intermediate resolution grid ( 12 km x 12 km ) to model ozone in `` inner OTAG '' states where population density is high and ozone transport is a major problem.6 This approach makes CAMx well suited to estimate effects based on a range of ozone averaging times , an important capability for benefits assessment applications .
similarly , we used an intermediate resolution grid ( 12 km x 12 km ) to model ozone in `` inner otag '' states where population density is high and ozone transport is a major problem.6 this approach makes camx well suited to estimate effects based on a range of ozone averaging times , an important [ability/skill] for benefits assessment applications .

The towers lost power and communications capability .
the towers lost power and communications [ability/skill] .

Several floors of fire would have been beyond the fire-extinguishing capability of the forces that we had on hand .
several floors of fire would have been beyond the fire-extinguishing [ability/skill] of the forces that we had on hand .

Of particular concern to the chiefs-in light of FDNY difficulties in responding to the 1993 bombing-was communications capability .
of particular concern to the chiefs-in light of fdny difficulties in responding to the 1993 bombing-was communications [ability/skill] .

The backup van lacked that capability .
the backup van lacked that [ability/skill] .

Because of damage caused by the impact of the planes , the capability of the sophisticated building systems may have been impaired .
because of damage caused by the impact of the planes , the [ability/skill] of the sophisticated building systems may have been impaired .

Because the department has a history of mobilizing thousands of officers for major events requiring crowd control , its technical radio capability and major incident protocols were more easily adapted to an incident of the magnitude of 9/11 .
because the department has a history of mobilizing thousands of officers for major events requiring crowd control , its technical radio [ability/skill] and major incident protocols were more easily adapted to an incident of the magnitude of 9/11 .

FDNY chiefs in leadership roles that morning have told us that their decision making capability was hampered by a lack of information from NYPD aviation .
fdny chiefs in leadership roles that morning have told us that their decision making [ability/skill] was hampered by a lack of information from nypd aviation .

To improve radio capability in high-rises , the FDNY has internally developed a `` post radio '' that is small enough for a battalion chief to carry to the upper floors and that greatly repeats and enhances radio signal strength .
to improve radio [ability/skill] in high-rises , the fdny has internally developed a `` post radio '' that is small enough for a battalion chief to carry to the upper floors and that greatly repeats and enhances radio signal strength .

For the attack 's testing the city 's response capability , see FDNY report , `` Report from the Chief of Department , Anthony L. Fusco , '' in William Manning , ed. , The World Trade Center Bombing : Report and Analysis ( FEMA , undated ) , p. 11 .
for the attack 's testing the city 's response [ability/skill] , see fdny report , `` report from the chief of department , anthony l. fusco , '' in william manning , ed. , the world trade center bombing : report and analysis ( fema , undated ) , p. 11 .

For the directorate 's current capability , see Patrick Hughes interview ( Apr .
for the directorate 's current [ability/skill] , see patrick hughes interview ( apr .

Second , the new division intended to strengthen the FBI 's strategic analysis capability faltered .
second , the new division intended to strengthen the fbi 's strategic analysis [ability/skill] faltered .

Dale Watson , the first head of the new Counterterrorism Division , recognized the urgent need to increase the FBI 's counterterrorism capability .
dale watson , the first head of the new counterterrorism division , recognized the urgent need to increase the fbi 's counterterrorism [ability/skill] .

The report stated that `` the goal to 'prevent terrorism ' requires a dramatic shift in emphasis from a reactive capability to highly functioning intelligence capability which provides not only leads and operational support , but clear strategic analysis and direction . ''
the report stated that `` the goal to 'prevent terrorism ' requires a dramatic shift in emphasis from a reactive [ability/skill] to highly functioning intelligence [ability/skill] which provides not only leads and operational support , but clear strategic analysis and direction . ''

Later in this story , we will learn that while the NSA had the technical capability to report on communications with suspected terrorist facilities in the Middle East , the NSA did not seek FISA Court warrants to collect communications between individuals in the United States and foreign countries , because it believed that this was an FBI role .
later in this story , we will learn that while the nsa had the technical [ability/skill] to report on communications with suspected terrorist facilities in the middle east , the nsa did not seek fisa court warrants to collect communications between individuals in the united states and foreign countries , because it believed that this was an fbi role .

Policymakers were asking them to move into the digitized future to fight against computer-to-computer communications and modern communication systems , while maintaining capability against older systems , such as high-frequency radios and ultra-high- and very-high-frequency ( line of sight ) systems that work like old-style television antennas .
policymakers were asking them to move into the digitized future to fight against computer-to-computer communications and modern communication systems , while maintaining [ability/skill] against older systems , such as high-frequency radios and ultra-high- and very-high-frequency ( line of sight ) systems that work like old-style television antennas .

It directed the State Department `` to intensify efforts to achieve cooperation of other governments '' and the CIA to `` intensify use of liaison and other intelligence capabilities and also to develop plans and capability to preempt groups and individuals planning strikes against U.S .
it directed the state department `` to intensify efforts to achieve cooperation of other governments '' and the cia to `` intensify use of liaison and other intelligence capabilities and also to develop plans and [ability/skill] to preempt groups and individuals planning strikes against u.s .

One especially noteworthy innovation was the creation of the Joint House-Senate Atomic Energy Committee , which is credited by many with the development of our nuclear deterrent capability and was also criticized for wielding too much power relative to the executive branch .
one especially noteworthy innovation was the creation of the joint house-senate atomic energy committee , which is credited by many with the development of our nuclear deterrent [ability/skill] and was also criticized for wielding too much power relative to the executive branch .

New digitized technologies , and the demand for imagery and continued capability against older systems , meant the need to spend more on satellite systems at the expense of human efforts .
new digitized technologies , and the demand for imagery and continued [ability/skill] against older systems , meant the need to spend more on satellite systems at the expense of human efforts .

Indeed , rather than increasing the DCI 's authorities over national intelligence , the 1990s witnessed movement in the opposite direction through , for example , the transfer of the CIA 's imaging analysis capability to the new imagery and mapping agency created within the Department of Defense .
indeed , rather than increasing the dci 's authorities over national intelligence , the 1990s witnessed movement in the opposite direction through , for example , the transfer of the cia 's imaging analysis [ability/skill] to the new imagery and mapping agency created within the department of defense .

More ominous , perhaps , was the demonstration of an operational capability to coordinate two nearly simultaneous attacks on U.S. embassies in different countries .
more ominous , perhaps , was the demonstration of an operational [ability/skill] to coordinate two nearly simultaneous attacks on u.s. embassies in different countries .

We have found no evidence that such a long-term political-military approach for using Special Operations Forces in the region was proposed to or analyzed by the Small Group , even though such capability had been honed for at least a decade within the Defense Department .
we have found no evidence that such a long-term political-military approach for using special operations forces in the region was proposed to or analyzed by the small group , even though such [ability/skill] had been honed for at least a decade within the defense department .

Beyond a large-scale political-military commitment to build up a covert or clandestine capability using American personnel on the ground , either military or CIA , there was a still larger option that could have been considered-invading Afghanistan itself .
beyond a large-scale political-military commitment to build up a covert or clandestine [ability/skill] using american personnel on the ground , either military or cia , there was a still larger option that could have been considered-invading afghanistan itself .

The FBI is in the process of building the analytic capability it has long lacked , and it also has the Terrorist Screening Center .
the fbi is in the process of building the analytic [ability/skill] it has long lacked , and it also has the terrorist screening center .

Recalling the Goldwater-Nichols legislation of 1986 , Secretary Rumsfeld reminded us that to achieve better joint capability , each of the armed services had to `` give up some of their turf and authorities and prerogatives . ''
recalling the goldwater-nichols legislation of 1986 , secretary rumsfeld reminded us that to achieve better joint [ability/skill] , each of the armed services had to `` give up some of their turf and authorities and prerogatives . ''

Before 9/11 , the CIA did not invest in developing a robust capability to conduct paramilitary operations with U.S. personnel .
before 9/11 , the cia did not invest in developing a robust [ability/skill] to conduct paramilitary operations with u.s. personnel .

Under the terms of existing rules and resolutions the House and Senate intelligence committees lack the power , influence , and sustained capability to meet this challenge .
under the terms of existing rules and resolutions the house and senate intelligence committees lack the power , influence , and sustained [ability/skill] to meet this challenge .

Building New Capabilities : The CIA The after-action review had treated the CIA as the lead agency for any offensive against al Qaeda , and the principals , at their March 10 meeting , had endorsed strengthening the CIA 's capability for that role .
building new capabilities : the cia the after-action review had treated the cia as the lead agency for any offensive against al qaeda , and the principals , at their march 10 meeting , had endorsed strengthening the cia 's [ability/skill] for that role .

The additional funds included the FBI 's support of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , Utah ( a onetime increase ) , enhanced security at FBI facilities , and improvements to the FBI 's WMD incident response capability .
the additional funds included the fbi 's support of the 2002 winter olympics in salt lake city , utah ( a onetime increase ) , enhanced security at fbi facilities , and improvements to the fbi 's wmd incident response [ability/skill] .

The armed Predator capability was needed but not ready .
the armed predator [ability/skill] was needed but not ready .

Another scheme revealed that Bin Ladin sought the capability to kill on a mass scale .
another scheme revealed that bin ladin sought the [ability/skill] to kill on a mass scale .

To tackle the problem within the CTC he appointed a senior manager , who briefed him in March 2001 on `` creating a strategic assessment capability . ''
to tackle the problem within the ctc he appointed a senior manager , who briefed him in march 2001 on `` creating a strategic assessment [ability/skill] . ''

The FBI did not have the capability to link the collective knowledge of agents in the field to national priorities .
the fbi did not have the [ability/skill] to link the collective knowledge of agents in the field to national priorities .

He warned that al Qaeda `` continues to pursue its strategic goal of obtaining a nuclear capability . ''
he warned that al qaeda `` continues to pursue its strategic goal of obtaining a nuclear [ability/skill] . ''

There are different types of myofibers , which vary in size and with respect to metabolic and contractile capability [ 16 ] ( Figure 1 ) .
there are different types of myofibers , which vary in size and with respect to metabolic and contractile [ability/skill] [ 16 ] ( figure 1 ) .

We do n't have that capability right now. ” Fischetti and his colleagues have moved on to using the enzymes systemically to wipe out Bacillus anthracis spores , preventing them from germinating and seething through the bloodstream , producing deadly toxins .
we do n't have that [ability/skill] right now. ” fischetti and his colleagues have moved on to using the enzymes systemically to wipe out bacillus anthracis spores , preventing them from germinating and seething through the bloodstream , producing deadly toxins .

For example , there may exist in a given institution a unique capability , without which the proposed research involving human participants could not be conducted as effectively or safely , or at all .
for example , there may exist in a given institution a unique [ability/skill] , without which the proposed research involving human participants could not be conducted as effectively or safely , or at all .

In these instances , the public and science deserve access to that capability , provided the necessary safeguards are put in place to mediate the conflicting interests .
in these instances , the public and science deserve access to that [ability/skill] , provided the necessary safeguards are put in place to mediate the conflicting interests .

By contrast , the American Association of Medical Colleges formulation urges that any institutional involvement in clinical research involving human participants in the presence of financial conflicts must be predicated on the presence or absence within the institution of demonstrably unique capability .
by contrast , the american association of medical colleges formulation urges that any institutional involvement in clinical research involving human participants in the presence of financial conflicts must be predicated on the presence or absence within the institution of demonstrably unique [ability/skill] .

The NYT off-lead scares with word that Iran , which wants a germ warfare capability to match Iraq 's , has had some success recruiting former Soviet scientists who specialize in this area , by offering monthly salaries of $ 5,000 -- more than these Russians can earn in a year .
the nyt off-lead scares with word that iran , which wants a germ warfare [ability/skill] to match iraq 's , has had some success recruiting former soviet scientists who specialize in this area , by offering monthly salaries of $ 5,000 -- more than these russians can earn in a year .

The NYT points out that neither the Gulf War nor subsequent strikes in 1993 and 1996 significantly eroded Hussein 's interest in or capability for weapons development .
the nyt points out that neither the gulf war nor subsequent strikes in 1993 and 1996 significantly eroded hussein 's interest in or [ability/skill] for weapons development .

The resulting company would have an increased capability to develop new oil deposits .
the resulting company would have an increased [ability/skill] to develop new oil deposits .

In Australia , the Sydney Morning Herald , noting that the commitment of `` a mere 2,000 troops '' to East Timor is already seriously straining the country 's defense budget , called for a large increase in its defense capability .
in australia , the sydney morning herald , noting that the commitment of `` a mere 2,000 troops '' to east timor is already seriously straining the country 's defense budget , called for a large increase in its defense [ability/skill] .

This option becomes more attractive when combined with the capability to deliver specific messages to targeted audiences or geographic locations .
this option becomes more attractive when combined with the [ability/skill] to deliver specific messages to targeted audiences or geographic locations .

Many people I know that own a SUV live and work in rural areas , where they need the off-road and carrying capability of a SUV .
many people i know that own a suv live and work in rural areas , where they need the off-road and carrying [ability/skill] of a suv .

If downloading sites is simple , why should n't Microsoft build that capability into Internet Explorer , or Netscape into Navigator ?
if downloading sites is simple , why should n't microsoft build that [ability/skill] into internet explorer , or netscape into navigator ?

Rock can be almost pure Keatsian negative capability .
rock can be almost pure keatsian negative [ability/skill] .

In choosing the maximum level of preparedness , it said in an editorial , `` the government has dulled the edge of Israel 's deterrent capability , has made the possibility of nuclear warfare more tangible , has frightened away tourists , has generated huge expenditures , and has increased doubts as to whether Israel can provide the Jewish people with real security . ''
in choosing the maximum level of preparedness , it said in an editorial , `` the government has dulled the edge of israel 's deterrent [ability/skill] , has made the possibility of nuclear warfare more tangible , has frightened away tourists , has generated huge expenditures , and has increased doubts as to whether israel can provide the jewish people with real security . ''

The Times of India sought to persuade the United States that `` India 's nuclear weapon capability is a source of stability for the wider region . ''
the times of india sought to persuade the united states that `` india 's nuclear weapon [ability/skill] is a source of stability for the wider region . ''

It said that Iran , despite its opposition in principle to nuclear proliferation , had `` left no doubt that Teheran regarded Pakistan 's nuclear capability not only as essential for maintaining a correct strategic balance in South Asia , but also as a source of assurance for Muslim countries generally . ''
it said that iran , despite its opposition in principle to nuclear proliferation , had `` left no doubt that teheran regarded pakistan 's nuclear [ability/skill] not only as essential for maintaining a correct strategic balance in south asia , but also as a source of assurance for muslim countries generally . ''

The Times has the detail that the ban may take a long time to go into effect because the 44 countries believed to have some sort of nuclear capability would have to approve it first .
the times has the detail that the ban may take a long time to go into effect because the 44 countries believed to have some sort of nuclear [ability/skill] would have to approve it first .

The coverage agrees on the basic logic of the deal : In one swell foop , TW gets a tremendous Internet presence for marketing , for instance , its books and CDs ; AOL gets a wide range of content in the form of TW 's many media properties , ranging from HBO to CNN to Time magazine ; and AOL goes from having no broadband capability to being positioned to go into computers in the homes wired by the nation 's No .
the coverage agrees on the basic logic of the deal : in one swell foop , tw gets a tremendous internet presence for marketing , for instance , its books and cds ; aol gets a wide range of content in the form of tw 's many media properties , ranging from hbo to cnn to time magazine ; and aol goes from having no broadband [ability/skill] to being positioned to go into computers in the homes wired by the nation 's no .

Even if it had Israel 's capability to mount an Entebbe-style commando rescue , a bristly Pakistan would refuse overflight permission .
even if it had israel 's [ability/skill] to mount an entebbe-style commando rescue , a bristly pakistan would refuse overflight permission .

Then it will try to deepen Russia 's economic crisis with a view to destroying its nuclear capability .
then it will try to deepen russia 's economic crisis with a view to destroying its nuclear [ability/skill] .

If this works , the United States might then target China to eliminate its nuclear capability .
if this works , the united states might then target china to eliminate its nuclear [ability/skill] .

Yesterday , the NYT led with a special report alleging that the Chinese made a leap in their nuclear capability using secrets stolen from Los Alamos and that the White House attempted to sweep the issue under the rug to avoid disturbing its `` strategic partnership '' with China .
yesterday , the nyt led with a special report alleging that the chinese made a leap in their nuclear [ability/skill] using secrets stolen from los alamos and that the white house attempted to sweep the issue under the rug to avoid disturbing its `` strategic partnership '' with china .

The papers do n't say how this capability is thought by the administration to avoid the perceived most problematic feature of the current law : that if an independent counsel is to be truly not controlled by the executive branch , he must be virtually immune from dismissal .
the papers do n't say how this [ability/skill] is thought by the administration to avoid the perceived most problematic feature of the current law : that if an independent counsel is to be truly not controlled by the executive branch , he must be virtually immune from dismissal .

The Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report '' informs that the new IRS capability to accept tax payments via credit card has become unexpectedly popular among the super-wealthy .
the wall street journal `` tax report '' informs that the new irs [ability/skill] to accept tax payments via credit card has become unexpectedly popular among the super-wealthy .

Its Martian-reared main character advocates advancing the empathic capability of the human mind so humans can grok ` embrace others with profound , intuitive understanding . '
its martian-reared main character advocates advancing the empathic [ability/skill] of the human mind so humans can grok ` embrace others with profound , intuitive understanding . '

Submitted by ] “ Each of the four rings were positioned inside each other. ” [ From an article on laser capability in Job Shop Technology , .
submitted by ] “ each of the four rings were positioned inside each other. ” [ from an article on laser [ability/skill] in job shop technology , .

Then , of course , since the agency has no capability to judge the quality of the work , the bad stuff gets printed and circulated .
then , of course , since the agency has no [ability/skill] to judge the quality of the work , the bad stuff gets printed and circulated .

