The last phase , which includes a carnivore conservation centre and renovation of the tropical bird house , is scheduled to be completed by April 2001 .
the last phase , which includes a [meat-eater] conservation centre and renovation of the tropical bird house , is scheduled to be completed by april 2001 .

Neither does the idea of Mary Leakey and her team — that walking upright helped to scavenge dead carcases left behind by carnivore predators — survive close scrutiny , because it appears from hominid fossils that they ate probably more grain than meat .
neither does the idea of mary leakey and her team — that walking upright helped to scavenge dead carcases left behind by [meat-eater] predators — survive close scrutiny , because it appears from hominid fossils that they ate probably more grain than meat .

Feed on insects , though often they can be trained to take carnivore flake from the surface .
feed on insects , though often they can be trained to take [meat-eater] flake from the surface .

But since all the animals we eat receive their protein from plants , it is becoming accepted that we can bypass our carnivore cravings and eliminate most , if not all , animal flesh from our diet without suffering undue harm .
but since all the animals we eat receive their protein from plants , it is becoming accepted that we can bypass our [meat-eater] cravings and eliminate most , if not all , animal flesh from our diet without suffering undue harm .

Their stooping posture was of a person melting down , slumping into the stance of a vicious carnivore .
their stooping posture was of a person melting down , slumping into the stance of a vicious [meat-eater] .

On Creag a'Bhancair , Glen Coe , freshly graduated Doctor Grant Farquhar , with assistance from Gary Latter , climbed Up With The Sun — a line that starts next to Uncertain Emotions the heads up and right to the remaining peg on Risk Business , follows that route to its belay and then boldly climbs the arête left of Gone With The Wind crux to belay as for Carnivore .
on creag a'bhancair , glen coe , freshly graduated doctor grant farquhar , with assistance from gary latter , climbed up with the sun — a line that starts next to uncertain emotions the heads up and right to the remaining peg on risk business , follows that route to its belay and then boldly climbs the arête left of gone with the wind crux to belay as for [meat-eater] .

Their actual digestive system is that of a carnivore and so bamboo is an unlikely foodstuff to choose .
their actual digestive system is that of a [meat-eater] and so bamboo is an unlikely foodstuff to choose .

Is the Red Tailed Catfish a carnivore ?
is the red tailed catfish a [meat-eater] ?

Besides , there is good evidence that the crocodiles of that time were much faster-moving reptiles than their dinosaur contemporaries — indeed , the ancestors of modern crocodiles may have been nimble land-animals , since to this day crocodiles have an ankle structure typical of a rapid terrestrial carnivore .
besides , there is good evidence that the crocodiles of that time were much faster-moving reptiles than their dinosaur contemporaries — indeed , the ancestors of modern crocodiles may have been nimble land-animals , since to this day crocodiles have an ankle structure typical of a rapid terrestrial [meat-eater] .

Nucella is a slow moving carnivore of essentially sedentary prey .
nucella is a slow moving [meat-eater] of essentially sedentary prey .

All tadpoles can be reared to the froglet/toadlet stage on Carnivore Flake .
all tadpoles can be reared to the froglet/toadlet stage on [meat-eater] flake .

He produced his carnivore grin again .
he produced his [meat-eater] grin again .

The behavioural adaptations of herbivore and carnivore will obviously differ .
the behavioural adaptations of herbivore and [meat-eater] will obviously differ .

The carnivore will at least have to be mobile to catch its moving prey .
the [meat-eater] will at least have to be mobile to catch its moving prey .

The first of these to be discovered was a gigantic carnivore from the Jurassic rocks of Stonesfield , Oxfordshire , which Buckland described in 1824 under the name Megalosaurus ( great lizard ) .
the first of these to be discovered was a gigantic [meat-eater] from the jurassic rocks of stonesfield , oxfordshire , which buckland described in 1824 under the name megalosaurus ( great lizard ) .

This huge flightless bird has regularly appeared in illustrated fossil books as a giant carnivore .
this huge flightless bird has regularly appeared in illustrated fossil books as a giant [meat-eater] .

Being both an exotic and a carnivore , it has started out with a double disadvantage , and sections of the rural population hate it with an intensity normally reserved for foxes or , worse , polecats .
being both an exotic and a [meat-eater] , it has started out with a double disadvantage , and sections of the rural population hate it with an intensity normally reserved for foxes or , worse , polecats .

So might smell the den of some great carnivore , thought Jasper , where the floor was stickily carpeted in dried blood and littered with licked bones .
so might smell the den of some great [meat-eater] , thought jasper , where the floor was stickily carpeted in dried blood and littered with licked bones .

An alien carnivore is the perfect answer .
an alien [meat-eater] is the perfect answer .

All the dinosaurs , vegetarian and carnivore alike , became extinct at the end of the Cretaceous period ( see p. 135 ) .
all the dinosaurs , vegetarian and [meat-eater] alike , became extinct at the end of the cretaceous period ( see p. 135 ) .

Klein ( 1975a ) has described fossilized carnivore burrows from South Africa , and fossilized rodent burrows are known for hamsters ( Szafer , 1957 ) and pocket mice ( Voorhies , 1974 ) , but in general such discoveries are rare .
klein ( 1975a ) has described fossilized [meat-eater] burrows from south africa , and fossilized rodent burrows are known for hamsters ( szafer , 1957 ) and pocket mice ( voorhies , 1974 ) , but in general such discoveries are rare .

Barn owl with prey , eagle ( above right ) and mammalian carnivore ( below right ) .
barn owl with prey , eagle ( above right ) and mammalian [meat-eater] ( below right ) .

Comparison of the bone assemblages of a mammalian carnivore ( Otocyon megalotis ) on the left and harvester ants ( Messor barbarus ) on the right ( Andrews & Evans , 1983 ; Shipman & Walker , 1980 ) .
comparison of the bone assemblages of a mammalian [meat-eater] ( otocyon megalotis ) on the left and harvester ants ( messor barbarus ) on the right ( andrews & evans , 1983 ; shipman & walker , 1980 ) .

Bone frequencies are shown in both cases by contours , with the contours at 50 bone intervals in the case of the carnivore , and at 10 bones per cm2 in the case of the harvester ant .
bone frequencies are shown in both cases by contours , with the contours at 50 bone intervals in the case of the [meat-eater] , and at 10 bones per cm2 in the case of the harvester ant .

Intact carnivore scats which are the sources of the bones are marked by x in the carnivore assemblage , and the ants ' tunnel entrances are likewise marked by x .
intact [meat-eater] scats which are the sources of the bones are marked by x in the [meat-eater] assemblage , and the ants ' tunnel entrances are likewise marked by x .

Viverrids and mustelids are known from the Oligocene , and the former are a dominant part of the carnivore fauna from early Miocene deposits in East Africa ( Savage , 1965 ; Andrews et al .
viverrids and mustelids are known from the oligocene , and the former are a dominant part of the [meat-eater] fauna from early miocene deposits in east africa ( savage , 1965 ; andrews et al .

Some carnivore scats have been reported from the Plio-Pleistocene deposits of East Turkana in Kenya , and analysis of one of these scats has yielded three species of mammal , two reptiles and one bird ( Jacobs , 1985 ) .
some [meat-eater] scats have been reported from the plio-pleistocene deposits of east turkana in kenya , and analysis of one of these scats has yielded three species of mammal , two reptiles and one bird ( jacobs , 1985 ) .

The carnivore was probably a medium to small canid such as the jackal ( see also Horowitz & Goldberg , 1989 ) .
the [meat-eater] was probably a medium to small canid such as the jackal ( see also horowitz & goldberg , 1989 ) .

Fossil carnivore scat from East Turkana Kenya with bone exposed at the surface by acid etching ( Jacobs 1985 ) .
fossil [meat-eater] scat from east turkana kenya with bone exposed at the surface by acid etching ( jacobs 1985 ) .

Mellet recognized no evidence of digestion in his carnivore assemblages , but results presented here show digestion in mammalian predators to be very great .
mellet recognized no evidence of digestion in his [meat-eater] assemblages , but results presented here show digestion in mammalian predators to be very great .

It proved possible to distinguish between bone assemblages produced by the different families of carnivore but more difficult to distinguish within families ( Andrews & Evans , 1983 ) .
it proved possible to distinguish between bone assemblages produced by the different families of [meat-eater] but more difficult to distinguish within families ( andrews & evans , 1983 ) .

Some digestion was found on the bone from all the carnivore scat collections , and the most distinctive feature of this was the rounding of the broken ends of limb bones .
some digestion was found on the bone from all the [meat-eater] scat collections , and the most distinctive feature of this was the rounding of the broken ends of limb bones .

Seven species of mammalian carnivore are represented by 9 scat samples providing small mammal samples large enough for analysis , and a further six species were also investigated .
seven species of mammalian [meat-eater] are represented by 9 scat samples providing small mammal samples large enough for analysis , and a further six species were also investigated .

There is practically no overlap between avian and mammalian predators , so that a high degree of tooth breakage strongly indicates carnivore action ( but see below ) .
there is practically no overlap between avian and mammalian predators , so that a high degree of tooth breakage strongly indicates [meat-eater] action ( but see below ) .

The digestion of incisors from mammalian carnivore prey assemblages is more extreme than that of the molars .
the digestion of incisors from mammalian [meat-eater] prey assemblages is more extreme than that of the molars .

It hisses like a snake , growls like a carnivore and snaps out at its tormenter .
it hisses like a snake , growls like a [meat-eater] and snaps out at its tormenter .

We now see the cat 's actions as part of its natural specialization as a predatory carnivore , and we recognize that in ridding our houses of mice it is neither ‘ malicious ’ and ‘ vicious ’ on the one hand , nor ‘ loyal ’ and ‘ responsible ’ on the other .
we now see the cat 's actions as part of its natural specialization as a predatory [meat-eater] , and we recognize that in ridding our houses of mice it is neither ‘ malicious ’ and ‘ vicious ’ on the one hand , nor ‘ loyal ’ and ‘ responsible ’ on the other .

That toothy , ruthless carnivore shows up in this familiar exchange :
that toothy , ruthless [meat-eater] shows up in this familiar exchange :

