Here an important caveat is in order .
here an important [warning] is in order .

There is one caveat .
there is one [warning] .

But then , in matters of love and war , it is caveat emptor : Let the buyer watch out .
but then , in matters of love and war , it is [warning] emptor : let the buyer watch out .

With this caveat , he endorsed the Fifth Army proposal for resuming the offensive on the Right Bank .
with this [warning] , he endorsed the fifth army proposal for resuming the offensive on the right bank .

Caveat emptor ‘ Next time you purchase electrolytic capacitors , take a careful look at the markings !
[warning] emptor ‘ next time you purchase electrolytic capacitors , take a careful look at the markings !

But before proceeding , a caveat needs to be made .
but before proceeding , a [warning] needs to be made .

Caveat emptor may operate in the market place but not in the solicitor 's office .
[warning] emptor may operate in the market place but not in the solicitor 's office .

The purpose of self-regulation and the code of ethics is to protect the public from the vagaries of caveat emptor .
the purpose of self-regulation and the code of ethics is to protect the public from the vagaries of [warning] emptor .

However , this caveat is a special case of the general truth that any scientific theory is necessarily underdetermined by the evidence .
however , this [warning] is a special case of the general truth that any scientific theory is necessarily underdetermined by the evidence .

Catherine Destivelle issued a similar caveat from the floor about the situation in the Alps .
catherine destivelle issued a similar [warning] from the floor about the situation in the alps .

Feminist linguistic researchers must observe the same caveat .
feminist linguistic researchers must observe the same [warning] .

There is a caveat , however .
there is a [warning] , however .

Caveat vendor
[warning] vendor

But the caveat that was applied to affection applies even more strongly to status : it only acts as a constraint in settings where criminal activity is generally unfavourably evaluated .
but the [warning] that was applied to affection applies even more strongly to status : it only acts as a constraint in settings where criminal activity is generally unfavourably evaluated .

So , while noting that single caveat , the figure of 2,400 million can be allowed to stand .
so , while noting that single [warning] , the figure of 2,400 million can be allowed to stand .

Moreover , while Phizacklea and Miles believe that changes in the material circumstances of the working class can provide only a partial solution to the problem of racist ideologies , the political project of the transformation of capitalism and working-class conditions advocated by Hatcher and Shall ice ( and other left antiracists in education ) squeezes out of consideration the rather important caveat entered by Phizacklea and Miles about the prospects for change in racist ideologies as a result of changes in the material base .
moreover , while phizacklea and miles believe that changes in the material circumstances of the working class can provide only a partial solution to the problem of racist ideologies , the political project of the transformation of capitalism and working-class conditions advocated by hatcher and shall ice ( and other left antiracists in education ) squeezes out of consideration the rather important [warning] entered by phizacklea and miles about the prospects for change in racist ideologies as a result of changes in the material base .

My final words would be caveat emptor — let the buyer beware .
my final words would be [warning] emptor — let the buyer beware .

With Williams ' ( 1980 ) caveat that we must qualify the meaning of every term in the expression accepted , we can still best proceed if we understand that ‘ base determines superstructure ’ .
with williams ' ( 1980 ) [warning] that we must qualify the meaning of every term in the expression accepted , we can still best proceed if we understand that ‘ base determines superstructure ’ .

The judges have repeatedly rejected the introduction of written briefs into English civil procedure , but Sir John Donaldson 's proposals and their development over the past five years are a step in the direction of a written stage in appellate procedure , despite the somewhat ambivalent caveat added at the end of the Practice Note :
the judges have repeatedly rejected the introduction of written briefs into english civil procedure , but sir john donaldson 's proposals and their development over the past five years are a step in the direction of a written stage in appellate procedure , despite the somewhat ambivalent [warning] added at the end of the practice note :

This caveat is echoed in the statement in the explanatory introduction to the 1989 Practice Direction that the Court of Appeal remains ‘ firmly wedded to its long established tradition of oral argument in open court ’ .
this [warning] is echoed in the statement in the explanatory introduction to the 1989 practice direction that the court of appeal remains ‘ firmly wedded to its long established tradition of oral argument in open court ’ .

One further caveat .
one further [warning] .

Their Lordships accepted that there was no general duty to provide reasons but attached a caveat , that if the preponderance of reasons pointed in favour of taking action and the Minister gave no explanation for taking a different course , the court would infer that he had no good reason and that he was misusing his authority .
their lordships accepted that there was no general duty to provide reasons but attached a [warning] , that if the preponderance of reasons pointed in favour of taking action and the minister gave no explanation for taking a different course , the court would infer that he had no good reason and that he was misusing his authority .

An important caveat to such generalisations is that the category of the ‘ mass media ’ contains a variety of means and forms of communication .
an important [warning] to such generalisations is that the category of the ‘ mass media ’ contains a variety of means and forms of communication .

There 's a legal term , caveat emptor , which means buyer beware , so when viewing it pays to be suspicious .
there 's a legal term , [warning] emptor , which means buyer beware , so when viewing it pays to be suspicious .

With this caveat , some trends can be seen .
with this [warning] , some trends can be seen .

If the first caveat is that these processes are at a relatively embryonic state , the second caveat is that such movements towards greater institutional self-reflection are liable to be arbitrarily arrested by external pressures .
if the first [warning] is that these processes are at a relatively embryonic state , the second [warning] is that such movements towards greater institutional self-reflection are liable to be arbitrarily arrested by external pressures .

Setting aside the important caveat about the reliability of these numbers in the absence of an audit , what conclusions can we draw about performance indicators such as these ?
setting aside the important [warning] about the reliability of these numbers in the absence of an audit , what conclusions can we draw about performance indicators such as these ?

Beer was a very important part of monastic life where the daily ration of a monk could be as much as a gallon:of course there was always the caveat If any monk through drinking too freely gets thick of speech so that he can not join in the psalms , he is to be deprived of his supper .
beer was a very important part of monastic life where the daily ration of a monk could be as much as a gallon:of course there was always the [warning] if any monk through drinking too freely gets thick of speech so that he can not join in the psalms , he is to be deprived of his supper .

The sale of the shares is subject to the caveat emptor ( buyer beware ) principle ; unless the offeror can obtain express warranties and indemnities , or can be considered sufficiently proximate to the target 's directors and their advisers to found liability for negligent misstatement ( see para 20.1 below ) , there will be no redress if the target has unforeseen liabilities which make it less valuable than the offeror was led to believe .
the sale of the shares is subject to the [warning] emptor ( buyer beware ) principle ; unless the offeror can obtain express warranties and indemnities , or can be considered sufficiently proximate to the target 's directors and their advisers to found liability for negligent misstatement ( see para 20.1 below ) , there will be no redress if the target has unforeseen liabilities which make it less valuable than the offeror was led to believe .

Historically the doctrine of caveat emptor , or let the buyer beware , had little place in English law .
historically the doctrine of [warning] emptor , or let the buyer beware , had little place in english law .

The doctrine of caveat emptor , with the adoption of the Latin tag , does have an authentic ring to it although it is alien to the spirit of the civil law .
the doctrine of [warning] emptor , with the adoption of the latin tag , does have an authentic ring to it although it is alien to the spirit of the civil law .

The caveat emptor doctrine has been mitigated by the implied terms as to quality .
the [warning] emptor doctrine has been mitigated by the implied terms as to quality .

This would essentially reverse the ordinary presumption to caveat venditor .
this would essentially reverse the ordinary presumption to [warning] venditor .

An important caveat to this is that the agreement must be fair and reasonable .
an important [warning] to this is that the agreement must be fair and reasonable .

The credit risk of each individual counterparty has to be assessed separately , and dealings are largely caveat emptor .
the credit risk of each individual counterparty has to be assessed separately , and dealings are largely [warning] emptor .

The Council has supported moves towards more responsible management of the countryside but with the important caveat that the management systems should work in harmony with local interest , including the interest in sustaining output and employment in rural areas .
the council has supported moves towards more responsible management of the countryside but with the important [warning] that the management systems should work in harmony with local interest , including the interest in sustaining output and employment in rural areas .

Rules , in substance the same as those relating to solicitors ' accounts , and those concerning the permitted name of the firm and the need for proper supervision of offices , apply equally to overseas as to domestic practices , subject generally to the caveat that nothing in the Law Society 's Rules will override particular duties imposed on practitioners by the local law .
rules , in substance the same as those relating to solicitors ' accounts , and those concerning the permitted name of the firm and the need for proper supervision of offices , apply equally to overseas as to domestic practices , subject generally to the [warning] that nothing in the law society 's rules will override particular duties imposed on practitioners by the local law .

We give below an example , but must enter the caveat that because of its small order ( n = 3 ) it converges radly .
we give below an example , but must enter the [warning] that because of its small order ( n = 3 ) it converges radly .

There is one general caveat and a smaller qualification to be added to the conclusion we now have ( 2 , 2a ) about causal circumstances and effects .
there is one general [warning] and a smaller qualification to be added to the conclusion we now have ( 2 , 2a ) about causal circumstances and effects .

The caveat also applies to the earlier conclusion about causes and effects ( 1 , Ia ) .
the [warning] also applies to the earlier conclusion about causes and effects ( 1 , ia ) .

The caveat pertains too to what follows in this chapter , further conclusions about causal relations .
the [warning] pertains too to what follows in this chapter , further conclusions about causal relations .

The caveat , to state it simply , is that it is to be taken as a view of only our conception of what can be called standard effects : all those where the effects are not decisions , choices , like mental acts of persons , or ensuing actions .
the [warning] , to state it simply , is that it is to be taken as a view of only our conception of what can be called standard effects : all those where the effects are not decisions , choices , like mental acts of persons , or ensuing actions .

Despite this caveat , the arithmetic of social-dividend-type schemes does not look attractive .
despite this [warning] , the arithmetic of social-dividend-type schemes does not look attractive .

But caveat emptor , once you 're home , you 're on your own .
but [warning] emptor , once you 're home , you 're on your own .

If you feel concerned that there could be confusion between such an intermediate approval and final approvals , then apply the caveat facility in the approval agreement .
if you feel concerned that there could be confusion between such an intermediate approval and final approvals , then apply the [warning] facility in the approval agreement .

This marks the approval record in each module , with the caveat as part of the modification record .
this marks the approval record in each module , with the [warning] as part of the modification record .

The approval caveat .
the approval [warning] .

If the package is being approved , then any caveat supplied by the approver will be added as a comment to the modification record of every module being approved .
if the package is being approved , then any [warning] supplied by the approver will be added as a comment to the modification record of every module being approved .

The second caveat is that this generalization , like most , while generally applicable , is not universally so .
the second [warning] is that this generalization , like most , while generally applicable , is not universally so .

Thus it was that in 1983 , accepting a quota of 1.2 million against Iran 's 2.4 , Iraq entered a caveat that its figure should be revised upwards if and when the Syrian line reopened .
thus it was that in 1983 , accepting a quota of 1.2 million against iran 's 2.4 , iraq entered a [warning] that its figure should be revised upwards if and when the syrian line reopened .

So caveat emptor viridis : let the green buyer beware .
so [warning] emptor viridis : let the green buyer beware .

Willingly she would have surrendered the gift of consciousness if only she might drift like these in a blind passion of being , exempt from question ; yet even as she yearned wistfully so , another voice inside her agitated mind was whispering the old caveat from the Rosarium : that all error arose from failure to begin with the proper substance , from a proud forgetfulness that the magisterium is Nature 's work and not the worker 's .
willingly she would have surrendered the gift of consciousness if only she might drift like these in a blind passion of being , exempt from question ; yet even as she yearned wistfully so , another voice inside her agitated mind was whispering the old [warning] from the rosarium : that all error arose from failure to begin with the proper substance , from a proud forgetfulness that the magisterium is nature 's work and not the worker 's .

There is one caveat here .
there is one [warning] here .

The result depends critically upon the caveat that `` other things are equal `` .
the result depends critically upon the [warning] that `` other things are equal `` .

That caveat notwithstanding , those close to Mr Bush insist that there was an effort to get a non-military solution , and that if Saddam Hussein had reached out for it he could have walked away from Kuwait with something gained from his adventure .
that [warning] notwithstanding , those close to mr bush insist that there was an effort to get a non-military solution , and that if saddam hussein had reached out for it he could have walked away from kuwait with something gained from his adventure .

The second caveat is that even this amount of support is reduced when hypothetical compromises are put to the public .
the second [warning] is that even this amount of support is reduced when hypothetical compromises are put to the public .

But there is a bigger caveat about what Mr Major did , a caveat about tax philosophy .
but there is a bigger [warning] about what mr major did , a [warning] about tax philosophy .

The same caveat applies to the 21 zero coupons on offer , currently rolling up notional interest of between 9 p.c .
the same [warning] applies to the 21 zero coupons on offer , currently rolling up notional interest of between 9 p.c .

There is one significant caveat to all of this .
there is one significant [warning] to all of this .

Any discussion of legal action must be preceded by a caveat on costs .
any discussion of legal action must be preceded by a [warning] on costs .

But as Professor Smith himself notes , there is one important caveat to this argument .
but as professor smith himself notes , there is one important [warning] to this argument .

In such instances , nitrate may be added as a terminal electron acceptor , with the caveat that regulatory authorities may frown upon introducing nitrate into potentially potable water .
in such instances , nitrate may be added as a terminal electron acceptor , with the [warning] that regulatory authorities may frown upon introducing nitrate into potentially potable water .

If the past is anything to go by , the position will change but little , and the caveat emptor ( buyer beware ) principle will prevail .
if the past is anything to go by , the position will change but little , and the [warning] emptor ( buyer beware ) principle will prevail .

Caveat vendor !
[warning] vendor !

Caveat Emptor !
[warning] emptor !

The third caveat to bear in mind is that a “ point forecast ” ( a single number ) alone has relatively low value .
the third [warning] to bear in mind is that a “ point forecast ” ( a single number ) alone has relatively low value .

Caveat lector : I am not a physicist .
[warning] lector : i am not a physicist .

The main caveat to hold in mind , in addition to misreading the articles or the articles being a nonrandom sample of published data , is that genes governed by canalyzing functions may have more easily detected genetic eects , hence , be noticed and studied .
the main [warning] to hold in mind , in addition to misreading the articles or the articles being a nonrandom sample of published data , is that genes governed by canalyzing functions may have more easily detected genetic eects , hence , be noticed and studied .

Despite the caveat , I am quite convinced by the data .
despite the [warning] , i am quite convinced by the data .

The caveat is that since the house has no advantage , it takes 5 % of your winnings .
the [warning] is that since the house has no advantage , it takes 5 % of your winnings .

Moreover , she said that she could have gone to the NSA and obtained a waiver of any such caveat because there was no FISA information involved in this case .
moreover , she said that she could have gone to the nsa and obtained a waiver of any such [warning] because there was no fisa information involved in this case .

Because NSA decided it was administratively too difficult to determine whether particular reports derived from the specific surveillances authorized by the attorney general , NSA decided to place this caveat on all its terrorism-related reports .
because nsa decided it was administratively too difficult to determine whether particular reports derived from the specific surveillances authorized by the attorney general , nsa decided to place this [warning] on all its terrorism-related reports .

This included the `` preliminary judgment '' that al Qaeda was responsible , with the caveat that no evidence had yet been found that Bin Ladin himself ordered the attack .
this included the `` preliminary judgment '' that al qaeda was responsible , with the [warning] that no evidence had yet been found that bin ladin himself ordered the attack .

The data have important implications for our understanding of obesity and related disorders in the general population , with one caveat : the study population was enriched with snorers , making the results less applicable to a general population .
the data have important implications for our understanding of obesity and related disorders in the general population , with one [warning] : the study population was enriched with snorers , making the results less applicable to a general population .

All Sizes Do Not Fit One The hypotheses that can be tested and the conclusions that can be drawn are still largely about group averages , not about the functionings of individual brains , and therein lies a second major caveat about the use of fMRI beyond the clinic .
all sizes do not fit one the hypotheses that can be tested and the conclusions that can be drawn are still largely about group averages , not about the functionings of individual brains , and therein lies a second major [warning] about the use of fmri beyond the clinic .

A final caveat is that neither NAMCS nor NHAMCS captures patient compliance or outcomes , although these are perhaps separate issues from physician adherence to evidence-based medicine .
a final [warning] is that neither namcs nor nhamcs captures patient compliance or outcomes , although these are perhaps separate issues from physician adherence to evidence-based medicine .

By way of introducing our subject -- providing for the material needs of a baby -- a caveat : Whatever it is , you do n't need it .
by way of introducing our subject -- providing for the material needs of a baby -- a [warning] : whatever it is , you do n't need it .

This caveat has a countercaveat : The prospect of future punishments gives you an incentive to investigate the corporation 's history before you buy , which improves the chance that bad behavior can be uncovered while the actual perpetrators can still be punished .
this [warning] has a countercaveat : the prospect of future punishments gives you an incentive to investigate the corporation 's history before you buy , which improves the chance that bad behavior can be uncovered while the actual perpetrators can still be punished .

Today , amid a boom in the Hispanic population , we hear that caveat the same way smokers read the surgeon general 's warning .
today , amid a boom in the hispanic population , we hear that [warning] the same way smokers read the surgeon general 's warning .

Note the caveat about `` priorities . ''
note the [warning] about `` priorities . ''

Small caveat : Since you do not say just when the deceased shuffled off this mortal coil , check with mutual friends to see just how grief-stricken she is .
small [warning] : since you do not say just when the deceased shuffled off this mortal coil , check with mutual friends to see just how grief-stricken she is .

In their post-hearing spin , Democrats ignored this caveat .
in their post-hearing spin , democrats ignored this [warning] .

Far , the Democrats ' spin has prevailed , mostly because , as the Wall Street Journal noted Tuesday , the media have ignored Greenspan 's caveat that tax cuts are preferable to more spending .
far , the democrats ' spin has prevailed , mostly because , as the wall street journal noted tuesday , the media have ignored greenspan 's [warning] that tax cuts are preferable to more spending .

The Times ' only mention of Greenspan 's caveat was in the 15 th paragraph of a story in the business section , which dismissed the caveat and concluded that `` effectively , Mr. Greenspan was siding with the White House '' and other foes of the Republican plan .
the times ' only mention of greenspan 's [warning] was in the 15 th paragraph of a story in the business section , which dismissed the [warning] and concluded that `` effectively , mr. greenspan was siding with the white house '' and other foes of the republican plan .

The lesson of this shameful episode is clear : caveat lector .
the lesson of this shameful episode is clear : [warning] lector .

Caveat especially lectors of books published by St. Martin 's Press .
[warning] especially lectors of books published by st. martin 's press .

Which leaves me a caveat : There 's a reason most good songs lasts between five and 10 minutes while a novel usually demands a few days .
which leaves me a [warning] : there 's a reason most good songs lasts between five and 10 minutes while a novel usually demands a few days .

She Said Yes acknowledges this in a backhanded way , with the caveat that `` the exact details of Cassie 's death ... may never be known . ''
she said yes acknowledges this in a backhanded way , with the [warning] that `` the exact details of cassie 's death ... may never be known . ''

This caveat gets only a single sentence , and no further explanation of Turkey 's possibly misplaced priorities .
this [warning] gets only a single sentence , and no further explanation of turkey 's possibly misplaced priorities .

The Wall Street Journal reports that Seagram has escalated its campaign to advertise hard liquor on television by preparing ads including a caveat about responsible drinking .
the wall street journal reports that seagram has escalated its campaign to advertise hard liquor on television by preparing ads including a [warning] about responsible drinking .

Second caveat , this time with Nagel .
second [warning] , this time with nagel .

Caveat : Bellow may still be the oldest Nobel-laureate dad in history .
[warning] : bellow may still be the oldest nobel-laureate dad in history .

Caveat emptor , indeed .
[warning] emptor , indeed .

The story includes a token caveat that `` his actions ca n't be blamed just on day trading , '' but then recounts exactly how his deep losses led to the massacre .
the story includes a token [warning] that `` his actions ca n't be blamed just on day trading , '' but then recounts exactly how his deep losses led to the massacre .

Insert a caveat .
insert a [warning] .

You do not say how old your nieces are , so just a small caveat : If they are in the intern age bracket , simply advise them that the room off the Oval Office is not on the tour .
you do not say how old your nieces are , so just a small [warning] : if they are in the intern age bracket , simply advise them that the room off the oval office is not on the tour .

With that same caveat , we offer an update .
with that same [warning] , we offer an update .

Proceed , with a caveat emptor , to : http : //www.medical-marijuana.com/ .
proceed , with a [warning] emptor , to : http : //www.medical-marijuana.com/ .

One caveat : never assume blithely that an odd word or suspicious phrase is as lubricious as it sounds .
one [warning] : never assume blithely that an odd word or suspicious phrase is as lubricious as it sounds .

Bringing out a book with a changed title is not strictly kosher : caveat emptor .
bringing out a book with a changed title is not strictly kosher : [warning] emptor .

