# same as other cease

Speaking from long years of experience , Mrs. Long advised the Juniors : `` When showing dogs ceases to be fun and excitement , stop ! !
speaking from long years of experience , mrs. long advised the juniors : `` when showing dogs [stops] to be fun and excitement , stop ! !

Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation .
economic integration [stops] when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation .

History has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger ceases to be dramatically urgent .
history has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger [stops] to be dramatically urgent .

The point is that once you 're in the boat and on the water the disability ceases to count .
the point is that once you 're in the boat and on the water the disability [stops] to count .

As Yeltsin never ceases to point out , he is the one who has been legitimised by the Russian people in free elections , not parliament .
as yeltsin never [stops] to point out , he is the one who has been legitimised by the russian people in free elections , not parliament .

‘ It never ceases to amaze me , ’ said Norrie Grierson , owner of the Pennan Inn , the village 's only pub .
‘ it never [stops] to amaze me , ’ said norrie grierson , owner of the pennan inn , the village 's only pub .

Katia reappears , the phone ceases its bleeping , and we have cursory conversation about Mozart and two piano performance .
katia reappears , the phone [stops] its bleeping , and we have cursory conversation about mozart and two piano performance .

He has planned his reunion with her for so long , that it almost ceases to become real by the time it actually occurs .
he has planned his reunion with her for so long , that it almost [stops] to become real by the time it actually occurs .

The consequence of this logic of action is that the management of the state enterprise ceases to be the unions ' sole potential bargaining partner .
the consequence of this logic of action is that the management of the state enterprise [stops] to be the unions ' sole potential bargaining partner .

As the moratorium on takeovers within the industry ceases at the end of 1993 the combined group will be in a position to be a predator and former hunter Manchester-based Granada could turn into the hunted .
as the moratorium on takeovers within the industry [stops] at the end of 1993 the combined group will be in a position to be a predator and former hunter manchester-based granada could turn into the hunted .

He says it never ceases to amaze me what people will steal and what you see here is a total cross section of prpety which people have acquired through dishonest means .
he says it never [stops] to amaze me what people will steal and what you see here is a total cross section of prpety which people have acquired through dishonest means .

This mechanism ceases when the demand for money and supply of money are equal again .
this mechanism [stops] when the demand for money and supply of money are equal again .

If it is directed against an opponent it ceases to be self-suffering and becomes instead a form of coercion , which is an aspect of violence , and as such unacceptable .
if it is directed against an opponent it [stops] to be self-suffering and becomes instead a form of coercion , which is an aspect of violence , and as such unacceptable .

Without oxygen Biological filtration ceases leading to increase in Ammonia/Nitrite levels .
without oxygen biological filtration [stops] leading to increase in ammonia/nitrite levels .

It is only when improvement ceases but further improvement is possible , or the patient begins to deteriorate again , that the dose is repeated , as it appears that the initial dose has been exhausted and more is required .
it is only when improvement [stops] but further improvement is possible , or the patient begins to deteriorate again , that the dose is repeated , as it appears that the initial dose has been exhausted and more is required .

Nocturnal bed-wetting , or enuresis , is most common among young children , and usually ceases by the age of four .
nocturnal bed-wetting , or enuresis , is most common among young children , and usually [stops] by the age of four .

With the less-than-reliable weather we have been known to experience rom time to time during the course of a season — it never ceases to amaze me how we ever managed to invent a game like cricket in England — an artificial pitch can be extremely valuable in enabling play to take place when otherwise it might not have done .
with the less-than-reliable weather we have been known to experience rom time to time during the course of a season — it never [stops] to amaze me how we ever managed to invent a game like cricket in england — an artificial pitch can be extremely valuable in enabling play to take place when otherwise it might not have done .

Solland is overrun and Eldred Count of Solland slain — after this Solland ceases to exist as a separate land .
solland is overrun and eldred count of solland slain — after this solland [stops] to exist as a separate land .

Either way , he ceases to be a problem .
either way , he [stops] to be a problem .

The menstrual cycle ceases during pregnancy , the lining of the womb will not break down and ‘ periods ’ will generally stop .
the menstrual cycle [stops] during pregnancy , the lining of the womb will not break down and ‘ periods ’ will generally stop .

‘ But when technique enters into every area of life , including the human , it ceases to be external to man and becomes his very substance .
‘ but when technique enters into every area of life , including the human , it [stops] to be external to man and becomes his very substance .

It is payable to a widow who is between 45 and 54 inclusive when her husband dies ; or when she ceases to receive widowed mother 's allowance .
it is payable to a widow who is between 45 and 54 inclusive when her husband dies ; or when she [stops] to receive widowed mother 's allowance .

This is a process by which the child ceases to have available any rewards during or just after the production of undesirable behaviour .
this is a process by which the child [stops] to have available any rewards during or just after the production of undesirable behaviour .

But there has been a continuation of interest in ‘ ideology ’ and it is in Marx 's work that the cause ceases to be found predominantly in psychological processes leading to false notions .
but there has been a continuation of interest in ‘ ideology ’ and it is in marx 's work that the cause [stops] to be found predominantly in psychological processes leading to false notions .

Finally , after the first order system , the unit on which analysis is based ceases to be a material unit present to the senses ( as words , seen or heard ) but becomes an ideal , abstract unit created within the mind of the interpretive analyst .
finally , after the first order system , the unit on which analysis is based [stops] to be a material unit present to the senses ( as words , seen or heard ) but becomes an ideal , abstract unit created within the mind of the interpretive analyst .

Gradually weight loss occurs despite a good diet , and in the final stages the person ceases to recognise the family or even the self in the mirror , loses bladder and bowel control , any capacity for self-care or ability to communicate in words .
gradually weight loss occurs despite a good diet , and in the final stages the person [stops] to recognise the family or even the self in the mirror , loses bladder and bowel control , any capacity for self-care or ability to communicate in words .

If benefit ceases to be paid completely when an individual reaches a certain level of income , then there will be an anomaly at that point , as someone earning £1 less will still be eligible for the benefit .
if benefit [stops] to be paid completely when an individual reaches a certain level of income , then there will be an anomaly at that point , as someone earning £1 less will still be eligible for the benefit .

Perhaps it is true that ‘ life begins at 40 ’ ( or 50 ) for those who recognize the opportunities available to them after parenting ceases , and are prepared to take advantage of them .
perhaps it is true that ‘ life begins at 40 ’ ( or 50 ) for those who recognize the opportunities available to them after parenting [stops] , and are prepared to take advantage of them .

The spontaneity even of the most transient whim or velleity never ceases to pull towards or away from awareness .
the spontaneity even of the most transient whim or velleity never [stops] to pull towards or away from awareness .

Any trustee who ceases to be one should also be required to inform the regulator about any circumstances the regulator should be aware of in connection with the trustee 's stepping-down .
any trustee who [stops] to be one should also be required to inform the regulator about any circumstances the regulator should be aware of in connection with the trustee 's stepping-down .

You can find this setting by trial and error by getting someone to speak steadily into the microphone while you gradually bring up the mixer level from zero to the point at which the volume , as monitored on headphones , ceases to rise .
you can find this setting by trial and error by getting someone to speak steadily into the microphone while you gradually bring up the mixer level from zero to the point at which the volume , as monitored on headphones , [stops] to rise .

In essence , a new unincorporated business will pay tax in the tax year in which its first accounting period ends ( rather than the year in which it commences trade under the present system ) , but will pay tax on at least a full year 's profit in the tax year in which it ceases to trade .
in essence , a new unincorporated business will pay tax in the tax year in which its first accounting period ends ( rather than the year in which it commences trade under the present system ) , but will pay tax on at least a full year 's profit in the tax year in which it [stops] to trade .

If this process is arrested and teaching reduced to the manipulation of a set of techniques , or conformity to a fixed method , then pedagogy as such ceases to exist .
if this process is arrested and teaching reduced to the manipulation of a set of techniques , or conformity to a fixed method , then pedagogy as such [stops] to exist .

This bears some resemblance to the definition communication referred to in Chapter 2 and seems to me to generalize the meaning of the term authenticity to the point where it ceases to have much significance .
this bears some resemblance to the definition communication referred to in chapter 2 and seems to me to generalize the meaning of the term authenticity to the point where it [stops] to have much significance .

As the Investors Chronicle of 18 September pointed out , most building societies do not tell their savers when one of their accounts ceases to be marketed to new investors , even if the existing investor could obtain a much better rate of interest by switching to another account with the same society .
as the investors chronicle of 18 september pointed out , most building societies do not tell their savers when one of their accounts [stops] to be marketed to new investors , even if the existing investor could obtain a much better rate of interest by switching to another account with the same society .

It never ceases to amaze me how nature has endowed these tiny bodies with the instincts , the strength and endurance to undertake such fantastic journeys every year of their lives .
it never [stops] to amaze me how nature has endowed these tiny bodies with the instincts , the strength and endurance to undertake such fantastic journeys every year of their lives .

This greatly enhances both ablation and deceleration , but it is misleading , because equation ( 2 ) ceases to be valid before an object has spread to this extent .
this greatly enhances both ablation and deceleration , but it is misleading , because equation ( 2 ) [stops] to be valid before an object has spread to this extent .

When release ceases , probably owing to a negative feedback effect of calcium , recovery occurs as calcium is pumped out of the cytoplasm ( by pumps on the plasma membrane and internal stores ) and the cell is ready to begin another cycle .
when release [stops] , probably owing to a negative feedback effect of calcium , recovery occurs as calcium is pumped out of the cytoplasm ( by pumps on the plasma membrane and internal stores ) and the cell is ready to begin another cycle .

The accretion process spins up the neutron star to millisecond periods over a timescale of 10 7 –10 8 yr , and , when mass transfer ceases , the system consists of a millisecond pulsar in a circular orbit with a low-mass companion .
the accretion process spins up the neutron star to millisecond periods over a timescale of 10 7 –10 8 yr , and , when mass transfer [stops] , the system consists of a millisecond pulsar in a circular orbit with a low-mass companion .

It is as if the Poet were concentrating so strongly on giving an adequate image of the Friend that he ceases to think about himself and his own unworthiness by comparison .
it is as if the poet were concentrating so strongly on giving an adequate image of the friend that he [stops] to think about himself and his own unworthiness by comparison .

In this way , casting ceases to be just an intermediary stage in the act of creation but is itself the finished product of that act .
in this way , casting [stops] to be just an intermediary stage in the act of creation but is itself the finished product of that act .

No matter what type of filter plates is employed , it must be remembered that cichlids love to dig and should they remove the gravel down to the plate then , in effect , the filter ceases to function properly .
no matter what type of filter plates is employed , it must be remembered that cichlids love to dig and should they remove the gravel down to the plate then , in effect , the filter [stops] to function properly .

Her personal life ceases to mean a great deal to her ; the main focus of her interests may take on a strong religious flavour .
her personal life [stops] to mean a great deal to her ; the main focus of her interests may take on a strong religious flavour .

Having invented and evolved culture , man , it seems , never ceases to marvel at his own creation .
having invented and evolved culture , man , it seems , never [stops] to marvel at his own creation .

As a group swells in size with natural increase of population and with new members joining it from outside , it eventually reaches a point where it ceases to enjoy an optimum exploitative relationship with its physical and economic resources .
as a group swells in size with natural increase of population and with new members joining it from outside , it eventually reaches a point where it [stops] to enjoy an optimum exploitative relationship with its physical and economic resources .

Remove her , and the rest of the society ceases to function .
remove her , and the rest of the society [stops] to function .

Try not to respond the moment it ceases as this suggests to the dog that it can get its own way by behaving in this fashion .
try not to respond the moment it [stops] as this suggests to the dog that it can get its own way by behaving in this fashion .

The designation Unbeliever ceases to be mandatory for the Jews .
the designation unbeliever [stops] to be mandatory for the jews .

’ It is not enough , in the course of answering this question , to mention that the right will be lost if restitutio in integrum ceases to be possible .
’ it is not enough , in the course of answering this question , to mention that the right will be lost if restitutio in integrum [stops] to be possible .

Tell him what it means , and when such restitutio ceases to be possible .
tell him what it means , and when such restitutio [stops] to be possible .

‘ Me , prattle ? ’ he screamed . ‘ As the representative of a species that never ceases its overweening boasts of ‘ military conquest ’ , perhaps you should examine your own conversational shortcomings before criticizing mine ! ’
‘ me , prattle ? ’ he screamed . ‘ as the representative of a species that never [stops] its overweening boasts of ‘ military conquest ’ , perhaps you should examine your own conversational shortcomings before criticizing mine ! ’

Once unemployment benefit ceases , a claimant may become eligible for income support , but such eligibility is affected by his partner 's earnings .
once unemployment benefit [stops] , a claimant may become eligible for income support , but such eligibility is affected by his partner 's earnings .

However , once property or capital has been brought into the partnership , the partner as an individual ceases to have any right over the property .
however , once property or capital has been brought into the partnership , the partner as an individual [stops] to have any right over the property .

any administrative receiver of the company automatically ceases to be the receiver and must vacate office ;
any administrative receiver of the company automatically [stops] to be the receiver and must vacate office ;

The company ceases to carry on business .
the company [stops] to carry on business .

One 's place ceases to exist when one dies .
one 's place [stops] to exist when one dies .

All this activity suddenly ceases and they scuttle back into their burrows before the tide washes in .
all this activity suddenly [stops] and they scuttle back into their burrows before the tide washes in .

It is when an outgoing fish ceases to swim with the shoal and skulks , perhaps with fins folded and respiring more rapidly than usual , that something is suspect .
it is when an outgoing fish [stops] to swim with the shoal and skulks , perhaps with fins folded and respiring more rapidly than usual , that something is suspect .

First , that reading the words of the Act of 1987 in their natural sense the Director 's power to require an answer from a person under investigation ceases at the moment of charge .
first , that reading the words of the act of 1987 in their natural sense the director 's power to require an answer from a person under investigation [stops] at the moment of charge .

In the first place the notion that the moment of charging marks a watershed in the relationship between the suspect and the police is not strictly accurate , since under paragraph 11.4 the duty to abstain from questioning ceases as soon as the officer considers that there is sufficient evidence against the suspect for a prosecution to succeed , and there may then be an appreciable interval before the custody officer decides to charge him pursuant to paragraph 16.1 .
in the first place the notion that the moment of charging marks a watershed in the relationship between the suspect and the police is not strictly accurate , since under paragraph 11.4 the duty to abstain from questioning [stops] as soon as the officer considers that there is sufficient evidence against the suspect for a prosecution to succeed , and there may then be an appreciable interval before the custody officer decides to charge him pursuant to paragraph 16.1 .

These include predictions that the no-arbitrage condition should generally apply ; when it ceases to apply this should promptly trigger index arbitrage transactions which should rapidly eliminate the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .
these include predictions that the no-arbitrage condition should generally apply ; when it [stops] to apply this should promptly trigger index arbitrage transactions which should rapidly eliminate the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .

Invoicing through Grantham Book Services ceases on 27th May .
invoicing through grantham book services [stops] on 27th may .

The rule in Rylands v. Fletcher thus ceases to be available at the very moment when the plaintiff needs it .
the rule in rylands v. fletcher thus [stops] to be available at the very moment when the plaintiff needs it .

For the purposes of this form of liability a person is a ‘ keeper ’ of the animal if ‘ ( a ) he owns the animal or has it in his possession ; or ( b ) he is the head of a household of which a member under the age of 16 owns the animal or has it in his possession ; and if at any time an animal ceases to be owned by or to be in the possession of a person , any person who immediately before that time was a keeper thereof … continues to be a keeper of the animal until another person becomes a keeper thereof … ’
for the purposes of this form of liability a person is a ‘ keeper ’ of the animal if ‘ ( a ) he owns the animal or has it in his possession ; or ( b ) he is the head of a household of which a member under the age of 16 owns the animal or has it in his possession ; and if at any time an animal [stops] to be owned by or to be in the possession of a person , any person who immediately before that time was a keeper thereof … continues to be a keeper of the animal until another person becomes a keeper thereof … ’

The right to detain the livestock ceases if :
the right to detain the livestock [stops] if :

Yet in an earlier publication , in which the term was first coined , he and his colleagues used it to describe ‘ pain [ which ] ceases to be relieved or is worsened by further administration ’ of morphine or diamorphine ( our italics ) .
yet in an earlier publication , in which the term was first coined , he and his colleagues used it to describe ‘ pain [ which ] [stops] to be relieved or is worsened by further administration ’ of morphine or diamorphine ( our italics ) .

… ( 6 ) In this section ‘ costs ’ means costs as between party and party , and includes the costs of applying for an order under this section ; and where a party begins to receive representation after the proceedings have been instituted , or ceases to receive representation before they are finally decided or otherwise receives representation in connection with part only of the proceedings , the reference in subsection ( 2 ) above to the costs incurred by the unassisted party in the proceedings shall be construed as a reference to so much of those costs as is attributable to that part .
… ( 6 ) in this section ‘ costs ’ means costs as between party and party , and includes the costs of applying for an order under this section ; and where a party begins to receive representation after the proceedings have been instituted , or [stops] to receive representation before they are finally decided or otherwise receives representation in connection with part only of the proceedings , the reference in subsection ( 2 ) above to the costs incurred by the unassisted party in the proceedings shall be construed as a reference to so much of those costs as is attributable to that part .

But conversely ( as Mr. Utley did not feel able to dispute , although he did not formally concede the point ) a defendant who is legally aided at first instance and in the Court of Appeal , but who for any reason then ceases to be aided and incurs the full costs of successfully resisting an appeal to the House of Lords , is eligible to recover those costs from the board .
but conversely ( as mr. utley did not feel able to dispute , although he did not formally concede the point ) a defendant who is legally aided at first instance and in the court of appeal , but who for any reason then [stops] to be aided and incurs the full costs of successfully resisting an appeal to the house of lords , is eligible to recover those costs from the board .

As from the time the application to set aside is made , the time limited for compliance ceases to run .
as from the time the application to set aside is made , the time limited for compliance [stops] to run .

At the time of severe intoxication the memory function of brain ceases to work and later there is a hole or blank in the memory , ( Perhaps `` blankout `` is a better term in order to avoid confusion with other forms of loss of consciousness such as faints or epileptic fits ) .
at the time of severe intoxication the memory function of brain [stops] to work and later there is a hole or blank in the memory , ( perhaps `` blankout `` is a better term in order to avoid confusion with other forms of loss of consciousness such as faints or epileptic fits ) .

For the situation where a member of a board ceases to be a member of the authority which elected him , see subs .
for the situation where a member of a board [stops] to be a member of the authority which elected him , see subs .

( 3 ) Unless a licence is transferred to another employee or agent within eight weeks from the time when the employee or agent named in a licence ceases to be responsible for the day to day running of the premises to which the licence relates , the licence shall cease to have effect .
( 3 ) unless a licence is transferred to another employee or agent within eight weeks from the time when the employee or agent named in a licence [stops] to be responsible for the day to day running of the premises to which the licence relates , the licence shall cease to have effect .

Where there is a change in the employee responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises , the licence must be transferred into the new employee 's name within eight weeks of the change , or the licence ceases to be valid .
where there is a change in the employee responsible for the day-to-day running of the premises , the licence must be transferred into the new employee 's name within eight weeks of the change , or the licence [stops] to be valid .

( 1 ) Where the holder of a licence under this Part of this Act subsequently ceases to be the manager of the canteen , the person for the time being in charge of the canteen may , during the period of 14 days from the date on which the holder of the licence ceased to be the manager , sell alcoholic liquor in the canteen as if that licence had been transferred to him .
( 1 ) where the holder of a licence under this part of this act subsequently [stops] to be the manager of the canteen , the person for the time being in charge of the canteen may , during the period of 14 days from the date on which the holder of the licence ceased to be the manager , sell alcoholic liquor in the canteen as if that licence had been transferred to him .

Where the holder of a canteen licence ceases to manage the canteen , the person who is in charge for the time being can , for a period of 14 days from the date `` when the holder ceased to be manager , sell liquor as if the licence had been transferred to him .
where the holder of a canteen licence [stops] to manage the canteen , the person who is in charge for the time being can , for a period of 14 days from the date `` when the holder ceased to be manager , sell liquor as if the licence had been transferred to him .

All that pension business ceases with her death . ``
all that pension business [stops] with her death . ``

This lack of corporate egoism generates an environment in which the company ceases to be the centre of its own universe but instead is conceived only ‘ in relationship to ’ its suppliers , customers and subsidiaries .
this lack of corporate egoism generates an environment in which the company [stops] to be the centre of its own universe but instead is conceived only ‘ in relationship to ’ its suppliers , customers and subsidiaries .

When an Aplysia is tapped on the siphon , it withdraws its siphon and gills into its mantle chamber ; but if it is repeatedly so tapped , it ceases to respond .
when an aplysia is tapped on the siphon , it withdraws its siphon and gills into its mantle chamber ; but if it is repeatedly so tapped , it [stops] to respond .

As one dresses in the morning one is very conscious of the feel of the clothes on one 's skin , but after a fairly short time one ceases to be aware of the sensation .
as one dresses in the morning one is very conscious of the feel of the clothes on one 's skin , but after a fairly short time one [stops] to be aware of the sensation .

This is a way of holding an anaesthetized animal ( by now of course not an animal at all but a ‘ preparation ’ which ceases even the pretence of life once the support system is switched off ) gently but firmly so that its brain can be exposed and an electrode lowered into it , according to known coordinates .
this is a way of holding an anaesthetized animal ( by now of course not an animal at all but a ‘ preparation ’ which [stops] even the pretence of life once the support system is switched off ) gently but firmly so that its brain can be exposed and an electrode lowered into it , according to known coordinates .

When a line is good , it ceases to belong to any school .
when a line is good , it [stops] to belong to any school .

Thus housing in a poor state of repair can not be brought back into use and marginal property is in danger of deteriorating to the point where it ceases to be habitable .
thus housing in a poor state of repair can not be brought back into use and marginal property is in danger of deteriorating to the point where it [stops] to be habitable .

Eventually entitlement to unemployment benefit ceases and means-tested income support is then the only alternative .
eventually entitlement to unemployment benefit [stops] and means-tested income support is then the only alternative .

1992 marks a major change in which Europe ceases to be a matter for specialists and becomes the concern of everyone in local government .
1992 marks a major change in which europe [stops] to be a matter for specialists and becomes the concern of everyone in local government .

The almost inevitable dispersion of the gas due to convection and displacement effects will result usually in the rapid reappearance of flames immediately application of the gas ceases .
the almost inevitable dispersion of the gas due to convection and displacement effects will result usually in the rapid reappearance of flames immediately application of the gas [stops] .

One of the things that never ceases to amaze me about any technology is that once you have it you always expect it to do more .
one of the things that never [stops] to amaze me about any technology is that once you have it you always expect it to do more .

ad hoc committees are formed to complete a particular task . It can be described as a fact-finding or special committee which is short lived and having achieved its purpose , reports back to the parent body and then ceases to exist ;
ad hoc committees are formed to complete a particular task . it can be described as a fact-finding or special committee which is short lived and having achieved its purpose , reports back to the parent body and then [stops] to exist ;

Companies tend to choose to reorganise when existing structure ceases to serve its purpose rather than when a new opportunity or developmental stage is being planned .
companies tend to choose to reorganise when existing structure [stops] to serve its purpose rather than when a new opportunity or developmental stage is being planned .

For it is part of magic 's function to conceal its real dynamic under a smoke-screen of fustian and fantasy , precisely because magic is no longer magic if it ceases to be the monopoly of the class or section who practise it .
for it is part of magic 's function to conceal its real dynamic under a smoke-screen of fustian and fantasy , precisely because magic is no longer magic if it [stops] to be the monopoly of the class or section who practise it .

’ Under section 250 it is treated as dormant ‘ during a period in which … there is no transaction which is required by section 221 to be entered in the company 's accounting records ; and a company ceases to be dormant on the occurrence of such a transaction .
’ under section 250 it is treated as dormant ‘ during a period in which … there is no transaction which is required by section 221 to be entered in the company 's accounting records ; and a company [stops] to be dormant on the occurrence of such a transaction .

Once accumulation ceases the marram dies out and is replaced by lichens , mosses and other plants : the soil of the dune is enriched by humus from decaying plants and from rabbits and by lime from shell fragments within the sand , so that the nature of vegetation changes and a more complete cover finally appears on the dune .
once accumulation [stops] the marram dies out and is replaced by lichens , mosses and other plants : the soil of the dune is enriched by humus from decaying plants and from rabbits and by lime from shell fragments within the sand , so that the nature of vegetation changes and a more complete cover finally appears on the dune .

Institutional care is one part of a complex range of provision ; while it is right to reduce reliance upon it because of its toxic effects ( which are determined by the quality of care provided and not size alone : Huxley , 1991b ) it must be wrong to remove it altogether or reduce its scale or critical mass so that it ceases to be able to perform those functions which other services can not .
institutional care is one part of a complex range of provision ; while it is right to reduce reliance upon it because of its toxic effects ( which are determined by the quality of care provided and not size alone : huxley , 1991b ) it must be wrong to remove it altogether or reduce its scale or critical mass so that it [stops] to be able to perform those functions which other services can not .

Interbook ceases trading
interbook [stops] trading

Annihilation Press ceases to be represented by Turnaround from 30th April .
annihilation press [stops] to be represented by turnaround from 30th april .

It is almost inherent in the nature of the passions and the acts we are concerned with that feeling overcomes or ceases directly to control and regulate action .
it is almost inherent in the nature of the passions and the acts we are concerned with that feeling overcomes or [stops] directly to control and regulate action .

Eventually the broncho-pulmonary system becomes completely normal and coughing ceases .
eventually the broncho-pulmonary system becomes completely normal and coughing [stops] .

( b ) Termination of the settlement When the wife 's interest in possession ceases ( eg when the youngest child becomes 18 years of age ) there should be no charge to inheritance tax on that part of the settled property that reverts back to the husband ( Inheritance Tax Act 1984 , s53 ( 3 ) ) nor on that part which the wife receives ( s53 ( 2 ) ) .
( b ) termination of the settlement when the wife 's interest in possession [stops] ( eg when the youngest child becomes 18 years of age ) there should be no charge to inheritance tax on that part of the settled property that reverts back to the husband ( inheritance tax act 1984 , s53 ( 3 ) ) nor on that part which the wife receives ( s53 ( 2 ) ) .

With increasing y it ceases to play a role long before parameters other than those in ( 21.14 ) have an influence .
with increasing y it [stops] to play a role long before parameters other than those in ( 21.14 ) have an influence .

Move your hand slowly and smoothly along the required line and stop squeezing a little before you reach the end of the line ( because the flow continues after the pressure ceases ) .
move your hand slowly and smoothly along the required line and stop squeezing a little before you reach the end of the line ( because the flow continues after the pressure [stops] ) .

Clearly , if the demised property ceases to be used for trading , the landlord 's income will drop or possibly cease .
clearly , if the demised property [stops] to be used for trading , the landlord 's income will drop or possibly cease .

The Articles usually provide that if an executive director or an employee holding shares ceases to be employed by Newco , he shall be deemed to have served a transfer notice in respect of his shares , effectively forcing him to sell .
the articles usually provide that if an executive director or an employee holding shares [stops] to be employed by newco , he shall be deemed to have served a transfer notice in respect of his shares , effectively forcing him to sell .

Unpleasant , and even dangerous , as this dazzling can be , it still does n't mean that the whole eye ceases to work !
unpleasant , and even dangerous , as this dazzling can be , it still does n't mean that the whole eye [stops] to work !

Science and technology thus ceases to be seen as autonomous but rather as part of an interesting system in which the internalised ideological assumptions help to determine the actual experimental designs and theories of the scientists and technologists themselves .
science and technology thus [stops] to be seen as autonomous but rather as part of an interesting system in which the internalised ideological assumptions help to determine the actual experimental designs and theories of the scientists and technologists themselves .

As soon as a contract becomes legally binding , performance ceases to be optional , thereby curtailing individual autonomy .
as soon as a contract becomes legally binding , performance [stops] to be optional , thereby curtailing individual autonomy .

However , the rules which regulate take-over bids are so riddled with occasions when the managers of a target company can affect the outcome of the bid that the take-over bid ceases to act as the potent threat to self-serving or inefficient corporate managers which it is supposed to be .
however , the rules which regulate take-over bids are so riddled with occasions when the managers of a target company can affect the outcome of the bid that the take-over bid [stops] to act as the potent threat to self-serving or inefficient corporate managers which it is supposed to be .

However , it is only payable in respect of the time that you are actually waiting at the airport , hoverport or seaport and ceases as soon as you board any alternative conveyance , including train or coach .
however , it is only payable in respect of the time that you are actually waiting at the airport , hoverport or seaport and [stops] as soon as you board any alternative conveyance , including train or coach .

Midwives and health visitors may be able to offer long-term support for relinquishing mothers and/or families when adoption agency input ceases .
midwives and health visitors may be able to offer long-term support for relinquishing mothers and/or families when adoption agency input [stops] .

All response to tracheal suctioning ceases with this dose , so it should only be given after consultation with senior medical staff .
all response to tracheal suctioning [stops] with this dose , so it should only be given after consultation with senior medical staff .

The amalgamation between two companies may take the form of merger proper ( when both companies cease to exist ) and the new company becomes the general successor in title of the two companies so merged , or it may take the form of a take-over when only the company so taken over ceases to exist .
the amalgamation between two companies may take the form of merger proper ( when both companies cease to exist ) and the new company becomes the general successor in title of the two companies so merged , or it may take the form of a take-over when only the company so taken over [stops] to exist .

Similarly , it is power and politics rather than science which leads us to change even the most minor system when that system ceases to serve its purpose .
similarly , it is power and politics rather than science which leads us to change even the most minor system when that system [stops] to serve its purpose .

This ceases to be the case when one considers rings which have extra structure , as for instance , when the ring is an algebra or a field .
this [stops] to be the case when one considers rings which have extra structure , as for instance , when the ring is an algebra or a field .

If , however , a society is so divided that it contains within itself one or more permanent minorities , who know that on the issues that matter most to them they can never hope to get their way , precisely because of the operation of the majority principle , then that principle ceases to be adequate .
if , however , a society is so divided that it contains within itself one or more permanent minorities , who know that on the issues that matter most to them they can never hope to get their way , precisely because of the operation of the majority principle , then that principle [stops] to be adequate .

Oliver Goldsmith , in his Natural History , described the effects of sleep loss thus : But man is more feeble ; he requires its due return ; and if it fails to pay the accustomed visit , his whole frame is in a short time thrown into disorder ; his appetite ceases ; his spirits are dejected ; his pulse becomes quicker and harder ; and his mind , abridged of its slumbering visions , begins to adopt waking dreams .
oliver goldsmith , in his natural history , described the effects of sleep loss thus : but man is more feeble ; he requires its due return ; and if it fails to pay the accustomed visit , his whole frame is in a short time thrown into disorder ; his appetite [stops] ; his spirits are dejected ; his pulse becomes quicker and harder ; and his mind , abridged of its slumbering visions , begins to adopt waking dreams .

What Protschka and his excellent pianist Deutsch ( who gauges his tone ideally every time ) reveal in what promises to be an intégrale is the gulf between agreeably homely songs based on lesser versifiers and folk sources ( with one that occasionally stands out , like Es ist ein Schnitter , der heisst Tod ) and those where a poem has caught Mendelssohn 's imagination and he ceases to put his melodic shape first .
what protschka and his excellent pianist deutsch ( who gauges his tone ideally every time ) reveal in what promises to be an intégrale is the gulf between agreeably homely songs based on lesser versifiers and folk sources ( with one that occasionally stands out , like es ist ein schnitter , der heisst tod ) and those where a poem has caught mendelssohn 's imagination and he [stops] to put his melodic shape first .

In the course of our social lives we are constantly learning about ways of thinking and behaving considered appropriate by those other members of society with whom we come into contact ( as well as those considered inappropriate by them ) and this learning process only ceases when social life itself ceases — on death .
in the course of our social lives we are constantly learning about ways of thinking and behaving considered appropriate by those other members of society with whom we come into contact ( as well as those considered inappropriate by them ) and this learning process only [stops] when social life itself [stops] — on death .

They must , for example , be able to think of themselves as ‘ the sort of person who does have incestuous sexual desires ’ , is prepared to avow them as ‘ part ’ of the self , and ceases to be so threatened by them .
they must , for example , be able to think of themselves as ‘ the sort of person who does have incestuous sexual desires ’ , is prepared to avow them as ‘ part ’ of the self , and [stops] to be so threatened by them .

But although the impact of women 's liberation remains resilient in the culture , a question remains : given the assumption that the road to liberation lay , among other things , in women 's economic independence , what happens when employment ceases to be an alternative `` destiny `` ?
but although the impact of women 's liberation remains resilient in the culture , a question remains : given the assumption that the road to liberation lay , among other things , in women 's economic independence , what happens when employment [stops] to be an alternative `` destiny `` ?

Every staff member who leaves , retires or ceases their employment of the Bank , should be replaced by a full-time official .
every staff member who leaves , retires or [stops] their employment of the bank , should be replaced by a full-time official .

Since political power is part of the class character of the bureaucracy , it follows that it ceases to be a class if its loses its dominance over the working class .
since political power is part of the class character of the bureaucracy , it follows that it [stops] to be a class if its loses its dominance over the working class .

Similarly , at the other end of the spectrum , it is possible that transfer receipts may alter attitudes such that being a ‘ contributor ’ to the economic process ceases to be viewed as being part of society .
similarly , at the other end of the spectrum , it is possible that transfer receipts may alter attitudes such that being a ‘ contributor ’ to the economic process [stops] to be viewed as being part of society .

It is possible that if a metaphor ceases to mean what it used to mean in another society then we should abandon it .
it is possible that if a metaphor [stops] to mean what it used to mean in another society then we should abandon it .

After the death of Gallus , however , the family of Gregory itself ceases to be visible in the Auvergne .
after the death of gallus , however , the family of gregory itself [stops] to be visible in the auvergne .

As in a modern context it is immediately clear that students find it hard to combine study with a full-time job ; so , addressing a would-be contemplative , the Cloud-author explains his view that it is impossible for man to pursue the discipline of meditation and study unless he first ceases external activity , and impossible to come to mystical knowledge of God if the mind is engaged in discursive thought .
as in a modern context it is immediately clear that students find it hard to combine study with a full-time job ; so , addressing a would-be contemplative , the cloud-author explains his view that it is impossible for man to pursue the discipline of meditation and study unless he first [stops] external activity , and impossible to come to mystical knowledge of god if the mind is engaged in discursive thought .

When your involvement ceases or the sale process terminates , briefly advise the initiating member of the outcome , problems encountered during the process , etc .
when your involvement [stops] or the sale process terminates , briefly advise the initiating member of the outcome , problems encountered during the process , etc .

It never ceases to amaze me what human beings can do when they have to dig deep .
it never [stops] to amaze me what human beings can do when they have to dig deep .

On June 20 , the old 10p ceases to be legal tender and the charity is hoping to collect as many of them as possible before that date .
on june 20 , the old 10p [stops] to be legal tender and the charity is hoping to collect as many of them as possible before that date .

So as one goes down the stratigraphical column , if one leaves behind the spectacles of the specialist and looks about one with the wondering eyes of a child , one never ceases to be amazed at the diversity and yet the uniformity of it all .
so as one goes down the stratigraphical column , if one leaves behind the spectacles of the specialist and looks about one with the wondering eyes of a child , one never [stops] to be amazed at the diversity and yet the uniformity of it all .

The seller ceases to be unpaid , i.e. if the whole of the price is paid or tendered to him .
the seller [stops] to be unpaid , i.e. if the whole of the price is paid or tendered to him .

Its music ceases .
its music [stops] .

The customer 's duty to take care of the goods ceases 21 days after he cancelled the agreement , unless before then he has received from the trader a written signed request to hand them over .
the customer 's duty to take care of the goods [stops] 21 days after he cancelled the agreement , unless before then he has received from the trader a written signed request to hand them over .

At this point the direct quote from the Newsletter ceases and the rest of it is summarised .
at this point the direct quote from the newsletter [stops] and the rest of it is summarised .

This scheme can also be used to classify the literature to which these labels apply ; if so , this ceases to be a strict subject classification and becomes to some extent a classification by the form in which the literature is written ; for example , its language and literary form .
this scheme can also be used to classify the literature to which these labels apply ; if so , this [stops] to be a strict subject classification and becomes to some extent a classification by the form in which the literature is written ; for example , its language and literary form .

Joyce 's continuing appeal never ceases to delight me .
joyce 's continuing appeal never [stops] to delight me .

‘ Sir John , your grasp of philosophy never ceases to amaze me . ’
‘ sir john , your grasp of philosophy never [stops] to amaze me . ’

Solution compaction between individual grains therefore ceases , but continues over a much wider area along stylolites , seams and sutures within the sediment .
solution compaction between individual grains therefore [stops] , but continues over a much wider area along stylolites , seams and sutures within the sediment .

Fluorescence is said to occur where emission ceases almost immediately after withdrawal of the exciting source and where there is no thermal cause , whereas in phosphorescence the emission decays for some time after removal of excitation .
fluorescence is said to occur where emission [stops] almost immediately after withdrawal of the exciting source and where there is no thermal cause , whereas in phosphorescence the emission decays for some time after removal of excitation .

Since the fund is kept strictly separate from the firm 's own assets , employees ' pensions should remain secure even if the firm ceases trading .
since the fund is kept strictly separate from the firm 's own assets , employees ' pensions should remain secure even if the firm [stops] trading .

Integration of research and engineering into businesses ; corporate funding ceases
integration of research and engineering into businesses ; corporate funding [stops]

In normal recruitment procedures , where applications are invited from as wide a range as possible and where interviews subsequently take place any protection an employee may have had previously ceases .
in normal recruitment procedures , where applications are invited from as wide a range as possible and where interviews subsequently take place any protection an employee may have had previously [stops] .

( 2 ) Where a right of action to recover land has accrued and after its accrual , before the right is barred , the land ceases to be in adverse possession , the right of action shall no longer be treated as having accrued and no fresh right of action shall be treated as accruing unless and until the land is again taken into adverse possession …
( 2 ) where a right of action to recover land has accrued and after its accrual , before the right is barred , the land [stops] to be in adverse possession , the right of action shall no longer be treated as having accrued and no fresh right of action shall be treated as accruing unless and until the land is again taken into adverse possession …

The relevant date for valuation purposes is the time immediately before the occupier ceases to be in residence , with the inevitable consequence that changes in market conditions between that date and the hearing are inadmissible .
the relevant date for valuation purposes is the time immediately before the occupier [stops] to be in residence , with the inevitable consequence that changes in market conditions between that date and the hearing are inadmissible .

Formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous , but it seems to me that , without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide , the following provides a satisfactory working test for whether , in any given case , a covenant touches and concerns the land : ( 1 ) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being , and if separated from the reversion ceases to be of benefit to the covenantee ; ( 2 ) the covenant affects the nature , quality , mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner ; ( 3 ) the covenant is not expressed to be personal ( that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant ) ; ( 4 ) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three foregoing conditions are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on , or to in relation to the land .
formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous , but it seems to me that , without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide , the following provides a satisfactory working test for whether , in any given case , a covenant touches and concerns the land : ( 1 ) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being , and if separated from the reversion [stops] to be of benefit to the covenantee ; ( 2 ) the covenant affects the nature , quality , mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner ; ( 3 ) the covenant is not expressed to be personal ( that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant ) ; ( 4 ) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three foregoing conditions are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on , or to in relation to the land .

( a ) where a recognised body ceases to be registered under the Companies Act as an unlimited company or a company limited by shares ;
( a ) where a recognised body [stops] to be registered under the companies act as an unlimited company or a company limited by shares ;

( c ) where a recognised body ceases to have at least one shareholder who is able to exercise voting rights in respect of at least one share .
( c ) where a recognised body [stops] to have at least one shareholder who is able to exercise voting rights in respect of at least one share .

( c ) forthwith of any of the occurrences referred to in Rule 9(2) or where a condition referred to in Rule 9(1) ceases to be satisfied .
( c ) forthwith of any of the occurrences referred to in rule 9(2) or where a condition referred to in rule 9(1) [stops] to be satisfied .

( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under Section 1 of the Solicitors Act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .
( 1 ) if he [stops] to be qualified to act as a solicitor under section 1 of the solicitors act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .

( 1 ) if he ceases to be qualified to act as a solicitor under Section 1 of the Solicitors Act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .
( 1 ) if he [stops] to be qualified to act as a solicitor under section 1 of the solicitors act 1974 , or , in the case of a registered foreign lawyer his name is struck off the register of foreign lawyers or his registration is suspended or cancelled .

If development ceases , the pupils will not benefit as much as they should at a time in their education which will never be repeated and one which therefore could never be made up .
if development [stops] , the pupils will not benefit as much as they should at a time in their education which will never be repeated and one which therefore could never be made up .

If a development ceases , staff morale and confidence would tend to decrease .
if a development [stops] , staff morale and confidence would tend to decrease .

If adjacency and multi-occupancy are forbidden , growth ceases after two generations .
if adjacency and multi-occupancy are forbidden , growth [stops] after two generations .

Symmetry never ceases to fascinate the human being .
symmetry never [stops] to fascinate the human being .

The intestinal wall , deprived of nutrients , becomes necrotic and ceases to function .
the intestinal wall , deprived of nutrients , becomes necrotic and [stops] to function .

‘ She never ceases to amaze me , ’ he said , Perrier water with lime clutched to his chest as he stood on the balcony above the stage where Kylie was ridding herself forever of her cutesy image .
‘ she never [stops] to amaze me , ’ he said , perrier water with lime clutched to his chest as he stood on the balcony above the stage where kylie was ridding herself forever of her cutesy image .

At birth a child enters the condition of infancy — a condition which ceases at the age of 18 years , or rather , at the first moment of the day preceding the eighteenth birthday .
at birth a child enters the condition of infancy — a condition which [stops] at the age of 18 years , or rather , at the first moment of the day preceding the eighteenth birthday .

If noise is where language ceases , then to describe it is to imprison it again with adjectives .
if noise is where language [stops] , then to describe it is to imprison it again with adjectives .

While the pestilence is raging , he buys the threshing floor of Araunah for 50 shekels , an altar is built and , after he has made a sacrifice , the pestilence ceases .
while the pestilence is raging , he buys the threshing floor of araunah for 50 shekels , an altar is built and , after he has made a sacrifice , the pestilence [stops] .

There are gods , but they too are only material combinations of atoms , and our own consciousness ceases at death on the disintegration of our material bodies .
there are gods , but they too are only material combinations of atoms , and our own consciousness [stops] at death on the disintegration of our material bodies .

However , that right ceases when the second copy of the consignment note has been handed over to the original designated consignee .
however , that right [stops] when the second copy of the consignment note has been handed over to the original designated consignee .

If you are prevented from travelling because in the opinion of any person in authority you appear to be unfit to travel or likely to cause discomfort of disturbance to other passengers , our responsibility for your holiday thereupon ceases .
if you are prevented from travelling because in the opinion of any person in authority you appear to be unfit to travel or likely to cause discomfort of disturbance to other passengers , our responsibility for your holiday thereupon [stops] .

So ceases and turns to the thing
so [stops] and turns to the thing

This seems to have helped for eventually the topic ceases to be discussed .
this seems to have helped for eventually the topic [stops] to be discussed .

Options may , however , be exercised for a limited period in certain specified circumstances , including death , ceasing employment on account of injury , disability , pregnancy or redundancy , retirement , the sale of the business or subsidiary for which the employee works or ( at the discretion of the Committee ) if the employee ceases to be employed in any other circumstances .
options may , however , be exercised for a limited period in certain specified circumstances , including death , ceasing employment on account of injury , disability , pregnancy or redundancy , retirement , the sale of the business or subsidiary for which the employee works or ( at the discretion of the committee ) if the employee [stops] to be employed in any other circumstances .

Options will lapse if the option holder ceases employment otherwise than in the circumstances referred to above .
options will lapse if the option holder [stops] employment otherwise than in the circumstances referred to above .

During this time , heart rate slows to about one tenth of the normal rate , breathing almost ceases , body temperature falls dramatically and the hedgehogs lose over 30 per cent of their body weight .
during this time , heart rate slows to about one tenth of the normal rate , breathing almost [stops] , body temperature falls dramatically and the hedgehogs lose over 30 per cent of their body weight .

Interestingly enough , having once entered the profession itself , age ceases to be a barrier , for actors of any age may easily teach each other something and share emotions honestly .
interestingly enough , having once entered the profession itself , age [stops] to be a barrier , for actors of any age may easily teach each other something and share emotions honestly .

If the ball is short of the service line or over the baseline , then the rally ceases .
if the ball is short of the service line or over the baseline , then the rally [stops] .

Looks are n't everything ; often one ceases to notice them and it is the warmth , the character , the personality that holds another person in thrall .
looks are n't everything ; often one [stops] to notice them and it is the warmth , the character , the personality that holds another person in thrall .

The dry eastern half of Britain is generally susceptible to significant periods of summer drought , when growth ceases in shallow-rooting plants such as grasses and clovers .
the dry eastern half of britain is generally susceptible to significant periods of summer drought , when growth [stops] in shallow-rooting plants such as grasses and clovers .

If too much water is added , the process becomes anaerobic too soon ; if too little water is present , bacterial activity slows down and ceases .
if too much water is added , the process becomes anaerobic too soon ; if too little water is present , bacterial activity slows down and [stops] .

When grazing ceases the shape of the tree emerges .
when grazing [stops] the shape of the tree emerges .

Once maintenance ceases , it is not long before the roof starts to leak , the plasterwork or the ceiling to become stained and damaged , and dry rot to take hold .
once maintenance [stops] , it is not long before the roof starts to leak , the plasterwork or the ceiling to become stained and damaged , and dry rot to take hold .

To dance , it seems , is not by choice : you dance when the drums call you and you stop when whatever moves you to dance ceases .
to dance , it seems , is not by choice : you dance when the drums call you and you stop when whatever moves you to dance [stops] .

There is no need to pay in advance for the work even if you are asked to do so ; you may be in an awkward position if the firm ceases to trade without having completed the job .
there is no need to pay in advance for the work even if you are asked to do so ; you may be in an awkward position if the firm [stops] to trade without having completed the job .

When a company evolves to Stage 4 it ceases to view geographical units as necessarily important in marketing terms and instead takes a global view of its marketing , financing and operations .
when a company evolves to stage 4 it [stops] to view geographical units as necessarily important in marketing terms and instead takes a global view of its marketing , financing and operations .

No doubt people must learn hairdressing ; but until the subject crosses into physiology — and ceases therefore to be hairdressing — it is not education .
no doubt people must learn hairdressing ; but until the subject crosses into physiology — and [stops] therefore to be hairdressing — it is not education .

This ceases to be possible where a document accepted as binding is bindingly interpreted by an external court .
this [stops] to be possible where a document accepted as binding is bindingly interpreted by an external court .

He tells it to an Indian friend , and soon ceases to speak the tale in his own language , substituting instead the Indian 's .
he tells it to an indian friend , and soon [stops] to speak the tale in his own language , substituting instead the indian 's .

Middleton Murry had stated that Eliot would never pass beyond ‘ the point where discrepancy ceases between intention and achievement ’ .
middleton murry had stated that eliot would never pass beyond ‘ the point where discrepancy [stops] between intention and achievement ’ .

He relates this to the state of culture of his own age , facing dangers of over-specialization , which impoverishes both the religious and artistic sensibilities by separating each from the other , so that only ‘ the vestige of manners may be left for those who , having their sensibility uninformed either by religion or by art , … have nothing left but an inherited behaviour which ceases to have meaning ’ .
he relates this to the state of culture of his own age , facing dangers of over-specialization , which impoverishes both the religious and artistic sensibilities by separating each from the other , so that only ‘ the vestige of manners may be left for those who , having their sensibility uninformed either by religion or by art , … have nothing left but an inherited behaviour which [stops] to have meaning ’ .

As a result there ceases to exist unalloyed the direct feedback , characteristic of primitive societies , between natural conditions and consciousness .
as a result there [stops] to exist unalloyed the direct feedback , characteristic of primitive societies , between natural conditions and consciousness .

Jacques : When it ceases to be a voluntary body it is already dead !
jacques : when it [stops] to be a voluntary body it is already dead !

If open hostilities have not commenced with the Nez Perce it is not because they have not been outraged to that degree when ‘ forbearance ceases to be a virtue .
if open hostilities have not commenced with the nez perce it is not because they have not been outraged to that degree when ‘ forbearance [stops] to be a virtue .

If the junction is faulty in any way , the electrons and holes recombine and conductivity ceases .
if the junction is faulty in any way , the electrons and holes recombine and conductivity [stops] .

On one type the switch-off is automatic when water ceases to flow and the proportioner must be re-set before more chemical can be drawn again .
on one type the switch-off is automatic when water [stops] to flow and the proportioner must be re-set before more chemical can be drawn again .

It 's not that he ceases altogether to be the eternal student , but that he becomes reshaped and misshaped into an aberration .
it 's not that he [stops] altogether to be the eternal student , but that he becomes reshaped and misshaped into an aberration .

With the unchallenged victory of one such vision the conflict ceases , and the millennium arrives .
with the unchallenged victory of one such vision the conflict [stops] , and the millennium arrives .

the extension of the care premium for eight weeks after the claimant ceases to be entitled to Invalid Care Allowance .
the extension of the care premium for eight weeks after the claimant [stops] to be entitled to invalid care allowance .

Theory is what is generated when some aspect or literature , its nature , its history , its place in society , its conditions or production and reception , its meaning in general , or the meanings or particular works , ceases to be given and becomes a question to be argued in a generalized way .
theory is what is generated when some aspect or literature , its nature , its history , its place in society , its conditions or production and reception , its meaning in general , or the meanings or particular works , [stops] to be given and becomes a question to be argued in a generalized way .

Dance is firstly a physical activity and if it is obscured by complicated costumes , props , machinery , lighting and stage effects , it ceases to be relevant to anything but the cleverness of the producer .
dance is firstly a physical activity and if it is obscured by complicated costumes , props , machinery , lighting and stage effects , it [stops] to be relevant to anything but the cleverness of the producer .

Then the flow ceases although the tyre still contains air .
then the flow [stops] although the tyre still contains air .

As land is passed on over the generations , it gradually ceases to be a viable unit .
as land is passed on over the generations , it gradually [stops] to be a viable unit .

The St Pierre local newspaper , Les Colonies , carried an article saying : ‘ The rain of ashes never ceases .
the st pierre local newspaper , les colonies , carried an article saying : ‘ the rain of ashes never [stops] .

It never ceases to surprise me .
it never [stops] to surprise me .

The exact truth as to material fact ceases to be of importance in art — it is a student 's style — the style of a period when the mind is serene and unawakened to the tragical mysteries of life .
the exact truth as to material fact [stops] to be of importance in art — it is a student 's style — the style of a period when the mind is serene and unawakened to the tragical mysteries of life .

The case of Instan seems to be authority for the proposition that a common-law duty was imposed upon the defendant to continue to care for her aunt , having once undertaken this responsibility.55 It would seem to follow from the fact that a relationship has to be created for the duty to arise that if the relationship ceases by one party releasing and absolving the other of his obligations , the duty also ceases .
the case of instan seems to be authority for the proposition that a common-law duty was imposed upon the defendant to continue to care for her aunt , having once undertaken this responsibility.55 it would seem to follow from the fact that a relationship has to be created for the duty to arise that if the relationship [stops] by one party releasing and absolving the other of his obligations , the duty also [stops] .

If , for instance , there has been a cold wind blowing for several days and the water temperature has been well down for the time of year , then the wind ceases and the sun brings a sudden warmth to the water , you can almost guarantee that the carp will begin to feed .
if , for instance , there has been a cold wind blowing for several days and the water temperature has been well down for the time of year , then the wind [stops] and the sun brings a sudden warmth to the water , you can almost guarantee that the carp will begin to feed .

Fourthly , a member who has failed to make the declaration of acceptance of office ( see ante , p. 28 ) automatically ceases to be a member .
fourthly , a member who has failed to make the declaration of acceptance of office ( see ante , p. 28 ) automatically [stops] to be a member .

Fifthly , a member who is adjudged bankrupt or who has made a composition with his creditors ceases to be a member .
fifthly , a member who is adjudged bankrupt or who has made a composition with his creditors [stops] to be a member .

Sixthly , a councillor ceases to be a member if he takes or holds any paid office or employment ( other than that of chairman ) , the appointment to which is made by the council .
sixthly , a councillor [stops] to be a member if he takes or holds any paid office or employment ( other than that of chairman ) , the appointment to which is made by the council .

The fist is that social and political attitudes tend to become more conservative as persons grow older … the second position suggests that attitude change ceases to occur … .
the fist is that social and political attitudes tend to become more conservative as persons grow older … the second position suggests that attitude change [stops] to occur … .

If your employer ceases business at every place where you can be required to work under your contract , you will be redundant .
if your employer [stops] business at every place where you can be required to work under your contract , you will be redundant .

‘ Your subtlety never ceases to amaze me . What do you suppose happened to the real Louise Müller ? ’
‘ your subtlety never [stops] to amaze me . what do you suppose happened to the real louise müller ? ’

The housewife who knows that when her electric iron ceases to work she must replace the fuse ( let us say it is a cartridge fuse in a 13-amp plug ) is an empiricist .
the housewife who knows that when her electric iron [stops] to work she must replace the fuse ( let us say it is a cartridge fuse in a 13-amp plug ) is an empiricist .

When the truth of the relationship together is faced , the prospect of living alone suddenly ceases to be unbearable .
when the truth of the relationship together is faced , the prospect of living alone suddenly [stops] to be unbearable .

As many exasperated parents and teachers have discovered , when the punishment , or the threat of it , ceases , the old behaviour tends to pop up again !
as many exasperated parents and teachers have discovered , when the punishment , or the threat of it , [stops] , the old behaviour tends to pop up again !

As he becomes the champion of efficiency , his prose ceases to function in its old complex imaginative way .
as he becomes the champion of efficiency , his prose [stops] to function in its old complex imaginative way .

For when a religion is put into a position where its , albeit necessary , business activities appear in the eyes of its followers , to be outweighing in importance its original purpose , it ceases to be of the slightest use in so far as it is able to fulfil one of its most important reasons for existence , that is , to provide a satisfactory code of behaviour to be observed in that area of human conduct which can be considered as being subject to moral law .
for when a religion is put into a position where its , albeit necessary , business activities appear in the eyes of its followers , to be outweighing in importance its original purpose , it [stops] to be of the slightest use in so far as it is able to fulfil one of its most important reasons for existence , that is , to provide a satisfactory code of behaviour to be observed in that area of human conduct which can be considered as being subject to moral law .

p.80 ) ; ‘ The child who reads ceases to think , he only reads ’ ( ibid .
p.80 ) ; ‘ the child who reads [stops] to think , he only reads ’ ( ibid .

But the fact that an error can be explained , even an unavoidable error , does not mean that it thereby ceases to be an error .
but the fact that an error can be explained , even an unavoidable error , does not mean that it thereby [stops] to be an error .

In the past most of us have been unaware of these signs and that is why our body ceases to function normally .
in the past most of us have been unaware of these signs and that is why our body [stops] to function normally .

It is sometimes very hard to define where music starts or ceases to be , complicated .
it is sometimes very hard to define where music starts or [stops] to be , complicated .

In the final stages of such inflation , paper money ceases to have any value and people resort to barter , and in the meanwhile the country 's financial system disintegrates .
in the final stages of such inflation , paper money [stops] to have any value and people resort to barter , and in the meanwhile the country 's financial system disintegrates .

To use environmental analysis as a special intelligence source for top managers is perhaps the single most common reason why it ceases to have any effect on decisions … .
to use environmental analysis as a special intelligence source for top managers is perhaps the single most common reason why it [stops] to have any effect on decisions … .

Some writers use an engineering analogy and point out that the words ‘ stress ’ , ‘ strain ’ , ‘ tension ’ and ‘ pressure ’ are used when the load becomes too great and a breaking point is reached ; it is the point where the strain is so great that metal ceases to bend and it snaps .
some writers use an engineering analogy and point out that the words ‘ stress ’ , ‘ strain ’ , ‘ tension ’ and ‘ pressure ’ are used when the load becomes too great and a breaking point is reached ; it is the point where the strain is so great that metal [stops] to bend and it snaps .

Today cruise ships , yachts , fishing boats , and freighters keep the waterfront humming while traffic never ceases along the futuristic network of expressways ; and Miami ’ s sprawling international airport is one of the busiest in the US .
today cruise ships , yachts , fishing boats , and freighters keep the waterfront humming while traffic never [stops] along the futuristic network of expressways ; and miami ’ s sprawling international airport is one of the busiest in the us .

Active collection on an account ceases , and the account is removed from an entity 's receivables .
active collection on an account [stops] , and the account is removed from an entity 's receivables .

Active collection on an account ceases , and the account is removed from an entity 's receivables .
active collection on an account [stops] , and the account is removed from an entity 's receivables .

When almost anything can be said in public , profanity ceases to exist in any meaningful way at all .
when almost anything can be said in public , profanity [stops] to exist in any meaningful way at all .

Once the ritual becomes a deterrent to the act itself , as it pretty clearly has , it ceases to serve its purpose .
once the ritual becomes a deterrent to the act itself , as it pretty clearly has , it [stops] to serve its purpose .

Where modern art ceases to be popular , Krens ceases to display modern art , at least in a main-event manner .
where modern art [stops] to be popular , krens [stops] to display modern art , at least in a main-event manner .

The book ceases to be funny -- and becomes scary -- when Rosenbaum observes his subjects mimicking their subject .
the book [stops] to be funny -- and becomes scary -- when rosenbaum observes his subjects mimicking their subject .

While it is true that no author , no matter how accomplished , ever ceases to struggle with the craft of writing , there is surely a difference between that stage when one is fumbling around , trying to discover if one can even be a writer , and the stage where one is fully confident of addressing the world as nothing but a writer , because one is as compelled to write as to breathe .
while it is true that no author , no matter how accomplished , ever [stops] to struggle with the craft of writing , there is surely a difference between that stage when one is fumbling around , trying to discover if one can even be a writer , and the stage where one is fully confident of addressing the world as nothing but a writer , because one is as compelled to write as to breathe .

My view is that the standard set of legal techniques , from contract to legislation to constitutional protection , carry over well to this new environment , even after it ceases to be organized as vast public space , as it was at its outset .
my view is that the standard set of legal techniques , from contract to legislation to constitutional protection , carry over well to this new environment , even after it [stops] to be organized as vast public space , as it was at its outset .

It marks a moment when `` NATO ceases to be ready to deal with Milosevic and declares itself ready , instead , to deal with Serbia . ''
it marks a moment when `` nato [stops] to be ready to deal with milosevic and declares itself ready , instead , to deal with serbia . ''

Of all , when an establishment shuts up , it simply closes , but when it shuts down , it ceases activity .
of all , when an establishment shuts up , it simply closes , but when it shuts down , it [stops] activity .

