# same as cease: cease to _ -> stop _ing
# ceased from -> stopped

As a result , ever since 1851 when the Senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the Capitol Building , the senators have never ceased to grumble about the food -- even while they opposed every move that might improve it .
as a result , ever since 1851 when the senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the capitol building , the senators have never [stopped] to grumble about the food -- even while they opposed every move that might improve it .

These never ceased to suggest that if , in the eyes of Marx and Lenin `` full communism '' was still a very distant ideal , the establishment of a Communist society had now , under Khrushchev , become an `` immediate and tangible reality '' .
these never [stopped] to suggest that if , in the eyes of marx and lenin `` full communism '' was still a very distant ideal , the establishment of a communist society had now , under khrushchev , become an `` immediate and tangible reality '' .

But then , Mario Lanza was no common singer , and his whole career , public and non-public , was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first `` recital '' only when he has ceased to be a living voice .
but then , mario lanza was no common singer , and his whole career , public and non-public , was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first `` recital '' only when he has [stopped] to be a living voice .

`` The police soon ceased to look upon either Bridget or Mr. Morse as in possession of guilty knowledge .
`` the police soon [stopped] to look upon either bridget or mr. morse as in possession of guilty knowledge .

Everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need .
everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never [stopped] to need .

`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van Schaack '' .
`` as an independent american i considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that john jay never [stopped] to be the friend of peter van schaack '' .

After the seventeenth century the audience ceased to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar .
after the seventeenth century the audience [stopped] to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar .

Arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland , the Overlords unite earth into one world in which justice , order , and benevolence prevail and ignorance , poverty , and fear have ceased to exist .
arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland , the overlords unite earth into one world in which justice , order , and benevolence prevail and ignorance , poverty , and fear have [stopped] to exist .

When the temperature reached 32-degrees-F all protozoan activity ceased ; ;
when the temperature reached 32-degrees-f all protozoan activity [stopped] ; ;

The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising .
the dangerous current upon the prairie [stopped] , but the water stood and kept on rising .

He ceased weeping .
he [stopped] weeping .

His stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text .
his stick [stopped] to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text .

If the bridge ceased to be economical as a business the owners would have to come to an arrangement with the council
if the bridge [stopped] to be economical as a business the owners would have to come to an arrangement with the council

Number five , which coin ceased to be legal tender in August the first , nineteen sixty nine ? Sorry about that over there
number five , which coin [stopped] to be legal tender in august the first , nineteen sixty nine ? sorry about that over there

Ceased to be legal
[stopped] to be legal

Which coin ceased to be legal tender in August the first , nineteen sixty nine ?
which coin [stopped] to be legal tender in august the first , nineteen sixty nine ?

Right , which coin ceased to be legal tender
right , which coin [stopped] to be legal tender

However , companies which have ceased to be private client favourites include Tarmac , British Petroleum , Lonrho , Trafalgar House and Fisons .
however , companies which have [stopped] to be private client favourites include tarmac , british petroleum , lonrho , trafalgar house and fisons .

He strikes me as a man who meantime has ceased to enjoy his lot .
he strikes me as a man who meantime has [stopped] to enjoy his lot .

The association used to take dogs from the general public , although this acceptance has now ceased .
the association used to take dogs from the general public , although this acceptance has now [stopped] .

Since this centre has been open vandalism has ceased .
since this centre has been open vandalism has [stopped] .

The measured step on the stairs had ceased ; somewhere below there out of sight Isambard had stopped . Why ?
the measured step on the stairs had [stopped] ; somewhere below there out of sight isambard had stopped . why ?

The pressure on his throat ceased at once , but the hand had only transferred its hold to his arm .
the pressure on his throat [stopped] at once , but the hand had only transferred its hold to his arm .

They had ceased to bring him food at the end of the first day , taken away his carefully hoarded drop of water at the end of the second , and the third refusal had cost him his coarse blankets and the thin straw palliasse on his plank bed .
they had [stopped] to bring him food at the end of the first day , taken away his carefully hoarded drop of water at the end of the second , and the third refusal had cost him his coarse blankets and the thin straw palliasse on his plank bed .

When his voice had ceased there was silence in the room .
when his voice had [stopped] there was silence in the room .

’ He pushed a door with his foot , the noises ceased .
’ he pushed a door with his foot , the noises [stopped] .

On 11 November 1918 , at eleven hundred hours , hostilities ceased and a grateful nation stood in silence for three minutes when , on a railway carriage in the forest of Compiegne , the Armistice was signed .
on 11 november 1918 , at eleven hundred hours , hostilities [stopped] and a grateful nation stood in silence for three minutes when , on a railway carriage in the forest of compiegne , the armistice was signed .

Northern Arts is giving the money on top of annual grants from a special Drama Production Fund , money ‘ unclaimed ’ by Newcastle-based Northern Stage after it ceased production while looking for a new artistic director .
northern arts is giving the money on top of annual grants from a special drama production fund , money ‘ unclaimed ’ by newcastle-based northern stage after it [stopped] production while looking for a new artistic director .

Combined Concerns had said that after the shed ceased to be used by the railway , it had several business uses , but none proved viable .
combined concerns had said that after the shed [stopped] to be used by the railway , it had several business uses , but none proved viable .

‘ Rehearsal ceased , we were all bussed back to our schools and the music festival was cancelled for 1952 .
‘ rehearsal [stopped] , we were all bussed back to our schools and the music festival was cancelled for 1952 .

But the Lancashire-based company has now ceased trading and will not be sold as a going concern .
but the lancashire-based company has now [stopped] trading and will not be sold as a going concern .

Not only do both represent a constant danger to the community , but their lives have ceased to have any real meaning .
not only do both represent a constant danger to the community , but their lives have [stopped] to have any real meaning .

For the first time in the battle the French guns ceased their uncoordinated , spasmodic flea-biting and became welded into one concentrated , fearsome weapon .
for the first time in the battle the french guns [stopped] their uncoordinated , spasmodic flea-biting and became welded into one concentrated , fearsome weapon .

The first sounds heard by ground troops approaching Verdun reminded them of ‘ a gigantic forge that ceased neither day nor night ’ .
the first sounds heard by ground troops approaching verdun reminded them of ‘ a gigantic forge that [stopped] neither day nor night ’ .

Verdun was the epitome of a ‘ soldier 's battle ’ Within an hour or less of the launching of each organised attack or counter-attack , leadership even over the lower echelons ceased to play any significant role .
verdun was the epitome of a ‘ soldier 's battle ’ within an hour or less of the launching of each organised attack or counter-attack , leadership even over the lower echelons [stopped] to play any significant role .

Production ceased at the Cornwall , Ontario , site on November 23 , following a decision by Courtaulds to reshape its viscose fibre operations .
production [stopped] at the cornwall , ontario , site on november 23 , following a decision by courtaulds to reshape its viscose fibre operations .

That arrangement ceased in December when the company moved office from the Via Bartolini to its new home in the Bonola centre .
that arrangement [stopped] in december when the company moved office from the via bartolini to its new home in the bonola centre .

It was noon before they had completed the morning 's tasks , and as they came out from the buildings to go across to the house , the snow had ceased to fall .
it was noon before they had completed the morning 's tasks , and as they came out from the buildings to go across to the house , the snow had [stopped] to fall .

Time ceased to have any meaning for Sarah .
time [stopped] to have any meaning for sarah .

Their officers might experience at times a tension between enjoyment of these qualities and impatience at their collective uncooperativeness , but few of them seem to have become so downhearted that they ceased to enjoy their work .
their officers might experience at times a tension between enjoyment of these qualities and impatience at their collective uncooperativeness , but few of them seem to have become so downhearted that they [stopped] to enjoy their work .

This gives a jumble of echoes that will sometimes persist for as much as a few seconds after the original sound has ceased .
this gives a jumble of echoes that will sometimes persist for as much as a few seconds after the original sound has [stopped] .

By the 19th century the meat had ceased to be an ingredient and , in Mrs Beeton 's day , the mixture was cooked in elaborate , castle-shaped moulds .
by the 19th century the meat had [stopped] to be an ingredient and , in mrs beeton 's day , the mixture was cooked in elaborate , castle-shaped moulds .

It is fairly well known that Martin bought the Swedish Levin Guitar factory in the 1970s and that Levin had ceased trading by the end of that decade .
it is fairly well known that martin bought the swedish levin guitar factory in the 1970s and that levin had [stopped] trading by the end of that decade .

There are three bells in the belfry dating from 1594 but ringing of the bells ceased in 1935 as the bell rollers became in need of extensive repairs .
there are three bells in the belfry dating from 1594 but ringing of the bells [stopped] in 1935 as the bell rollers became in need of extensive repairs .

The school ceased to function as such many years ago , and now serves as a village hall .
the school [stopped] to function as such many years ago , and now serves as a village hall .

The Department of Scientific and Industrial Research , which had been the parent body of the Survey since 1919 , ceased to exist .
the department of scientific and industrial research , which had been the parent body of the survey since 1919 , [stopped] to exist .

It is high time we ceased to allow people to talk about rugby union as a minority sport — even a post-World Cup modest club match on Rugby Special rated two million viewers .
it is high time we [stopped] to allow people to talk about rugby union as a minority sport — even a post-world cup modest club match on rugby special rated two million viewers .

What is not realized … is that although the movement from the cities has many other long-term causes , delinquency has now ceased to be merely a symptom of urban breakdown ( if it ever was ) … and has become a major contributor to it .
what is not realized … is that although the movement from the cities has many other long-term causes , delinquency has now [stopped] to be merely a symptom of urban breakdown ( if it ever was ) … and has become a major contributor to it .

The prospect had been hanging over us for so many months that once Father ceased trading , it was as though the weight of worry was lifted .
the prospect had been hanging over us for so many months that once father [stopped] trading , it was as though the weight of worry was lifted .

But though busy , there was time to swim at least twice a day in warm water , fanned by warm breezes , with an average temperature the year round of between 70° and 80° Fahrenheit , and always against a magical scenic backdrop that never ceased to enchant me .
but though busy , there was time to swim at least twice a day in warm water , fanned by warm breezes , with an average temperature the year round of between 70° and 80° fahrenheit , and always against a magical scenic backdrop that never [stopped] to enchant me .

The new-look lessons will turn the clock back to the 1950s — the days before learning by rote ceased to be popular in schools .
the new-look lessons will turn the clock back to the 1950s — the days before learning by rote [stopped] to be popular in schools .

On appeal , the Authority stated that the dismissal was not one of redundancy as their requirements for draughtsmen had not ceased , they had only ceased at Orfordness .
on appeal , the authority stated that the dismissal was not one of redundancy as their requirements for draughtsmen had not [stopped] , they had only [stopped] at orfordness .

When work ceased at an industrial estate near Liverpool ( within daily travelling distance of Leyland ) , Mr Stevenson was offered work at a number of other sites : Northumberland , Anglesey and Manchester .
when work [stopped] at an industrial estate near liverpool ( within daily travelling distance of leyland ) , mr stevenson was offered work at a number of other sites : northumberland , anglesey and manchester .

the employee 's ) employer … has ceased or intends to cease , to carry on that business in the place where the employee was so employed … ’ .
the employee 's ) employer … has [stopped] or intends to cease , to carry on that business in the place where the employee was so employed … ’ .

It had long since ceased to define itself except in terms of its enemies .
it had long since [stopped] to define itself except in terms of its enemies .

Grattan 's Parliament in Ireland , furthermore , can never have been sovereign or , if it was , then the Parliament of Great Britain itself ceased to be sovereign when it established it .
grattan 's parliament in ireland , furthermore , can never have been sovereign or , if it was , then the parliament of great britain itself [stopped] to be sovereign when it established it .

Immediately after fertilising operations have ceased , banking-up is performed by ploughing an angled blade between each row of vines .
immediately after fertilising operations have [stopped] , banking-up is performed by ploughing an angled blade between each row of vines .

When it ceased , he said : ‘ It would seem you are a born loser , Mr Lambert .
when it [stopped] , he said : ‘ it would seem you are a born loser , mr lambert .

Not stay and wait to be thrown out after they 'd ceased to be any use to the old baggage .
not stay and wait to be thrown out after they 'd [stopped] to be any use to the old baggage .

Ceased being an outsider
[stopped] being an outsider

In this it was perhaps too successful , for it provoked so much hostility from the car lobby that reprinting of the book ceased some two years after it was first published .
in this it was perhaps too successful , for it provoked so much hostility from the car lobby that reprinting of the book [stopped] some two years after it was first published .

It was the same in the vineyards there : production of wine had almost ceased during the war years ; acres had been decimated by disease ; attempts at post-war wine production had been sporadic and ill-organised .
it was the same in the vineyards there : production of wine had almost [stopped] during the war years ; acres had been decimated by disease ; attempts at post-war wine production had been sporadic and ill-organised .

Other women ceased to exist for Edouard ; he gently terminated his affair with Clara Delluc , and Isobel , knowing this woman had meant more to him than any of the others , asked if she might meet her ; she did , and the two women became friends .
other women [stopped] to exist for edouard ; he gently terminated his affair with clara delluc , and isobel , knowing this woman had meant more to him than any of the others , asked if she might meet her ; she did , and the two women became friends .

He listened , too , and for a moment the noises from the next room ceased , and he heard only a great and total silence , a silence that extended beyond the city , beyond the planet , a silence as empty and bleak and beautiful as space , as the universe itself ; the endless harmonious silence of the spheres .
he listened , too , and for a moment the noises from the next room [stopped] , and he heard only a great and total silence , a silence that extended beyond the city , beyond the planet , a silence as empty and bleak and beautiful as space , as the universe itself ; the endless harmonious silence of the spheres .

This is well illustrated by Willesden High School in North London , which in recent times produced both Phillip DeFreitas and Chris Lewis , but which ceased to play cricket four years ago .
this is well illustrated by willesden high school in north london , which in recent times produced both phillip defreitas and chris lewis , but which [stopped] to play cricket four years ago .

There were things he consciously noticed about people which he brought to mind long after he had ceased to watch them , but now he noted for the first time that she had very small feet — they could have belonged to the oriental he had imagined her to be through the sun haze .
there were things he consciously noticed about people which he brought to mind long after he had [stopped] to watch them , but now he noted for the first time that she had very small feet — they could have belonged to the oriental he had imagined her to be through the sun haze .

It was only in middle life that he ceased self-denigration and began to accuse others of the faults of which he had previously found himself guilty .
it was only in middle life that he [stopped] self-denigration and began to accuse others of the faults of which he had previously found himself guilty .

Her ‘ high revelations ’ ceased , and she had delusions from the devil instead ; he sent her ‘ foul thoughts and foul memories of lechery and all uncleanness ’ .
her ‘ high revelations ’ [stopped] , and she had delusions from the devil instead ; he sent her ‘ foul thoughts and foul memories of lechery and all uncleanness ’ .

She was brought almost to despair , until after twelve days the hallucinations ceased .
she was brought almost to despair , until after twelve days the hallucinations [stopped] .

There were 86.6 million tonnes of recoverable coal in the pits , which have already ceased production , according to Boyds .
there were 86.6 million tonnes of recoverable coal in the pits , which have already [stopped] production , according to boyds .

( This helps to explain why so many English liberals ceased to support France when they heard that Paris had been taken over by the ‘ mob ’ in 1793 . )
( this helps to explain why so many english liberals [stopped] to support france when they heard that paris had been taken over by the ‘ mob ’ in 1793 . )

The warning by a deranged Muslim guerrilla that he would blow up the Visegrad hydroelectric dam unless Serb militiamen ceased their artillery attacks on Visegrad and Foca was not the only liquid that threatened to flood Bosnia-Hercegovina this week .
the warning by a deranged muslim guerrilla that he would blow up the visegrad hydroelectric dam unless serb militiamen [stopped] their artillery attacks on visegrad and foca was not the only liquid that threatened to flood bosnia-hercegovina this week .

The rest of the church had ceased to exist for him .
the rest of the church had [stopped] to exist for him .

Some would never appear , vaporized , lost for ever , having ceased to exist .
some would never appear , vaporized , lost for ever , having [stopped] to exist .

What features ceased to be ,
what features [stopped] to be ,

Mrs Laughton said the Reporter had too much input into the Hearings themselves , and the Panel ceased to be independent .
mrs laughton said the reporter had too much input into the hearings themselves , and the panel [stopped] to be independent .

Salvage from sailing ships was an important additional income for the local people , but ceased with the coming of the steamships as they could stand out to sea in a storm .
salvage from sailing ships was an important additional income for the local people , but [stopped] with the coming of the steamships as they could stand out to sea in a storm .

In the eighteenth century it ceased to be needed as a fortress in the military sense , and in the latter part of that century the conversion of the inside into a palace was begun .
in the eighteenth century it [stopped] to be needed as a fortress in the military sense , and in the latter part of that century the conversion of the inside into a palace was begun .

Any businessman that does n't conform to the hiring practices will have funding ceased until they conform .
any businessman that does n't conform to the hiring practices will have funding [stopped] until they conform .

However , it failed financially and ceased publication .
however , it failed financially and [stopped] publication .

Everything else was subordinated to it ; piano lessons ceased , singing ones began ; English was taught by Robert himself , and consisted of reading Webster 's plays and Marlowe 's , as well as Shakespeare 's .
everything else was subordinated to it ; piano lessons [stopped] , singing ones began ; english was taught by robert himself , and consisted of reading webster 's plays and marlowe 's , as well as shakespeare 's .

That matter was cured , and had ceased to trouble him ; he had lain with a virgin .
that matter was cured , and had [stopped] to trouble him ; he had lain with a virgin .

This was not to say that organized and structured prayers for the dead had ceased , for the Roman Rite included plenary intercessions for the living and the dead at every mass ; the annual mass for the departed was on All Souls ' Day , a standard event in the Church 's calendar , set apart for the benefit of souls in purgatory .
this was not to say that organized and structured prayers for the dead had [stopped] , for the roman rite included plenary intercessions for the living and the dead at every mass ; the annual mass for the departed was on all souls ' day , a standard event in the church 's calendar , set apart for the benefit of souls in purgatory .

Medical services practically ceased under the Japs .
medical services practically [stopped] under the japs .

After their feud hit the headlines , Broccolli ceased conducting the secret auditions and made Moore an offer he could n't refuse to play Bond several more times .
after their feud hit the headlines , broccolli [stopped] conducting the secret auditions and made moore an offer he could n't refuse to play bond several more times .

They had , naturally and by mutual consent , ceased to have any kind of physical relationship , something which had always meant a lot to them both .
they had , naturally and by mutual consent , [stopped] to have any kind of physical relationship , something which had always meant a lot to them both .

Mrs Stych ceased her frantic turning of the ignition key for a moment , and looked perplexed .
mrs stych [stopped] her frantic turning of the ignition key for a moment , and looked perplexed .

Although the land was largely champaign , some demesnes had never lain in common field , or had long ceased to do so .
although the land was largely champaign , some demesnes had never lain in common field , or had long [stopped] to do so .

Following the death , on 29 June 1523 , of Thomas Spring of Lavenham , ‘ the rich clothier ’ , his commercial empire had been dismantled , and his immense fortune , £3,200 net , dispersed among his heirs , most of it to his widow and daughter ; his son had already chosen to live as a gentleman and was duly taxed on £20 from lands in 1524 , and the firm ceased trading .
following the death , on 29 june 1523 , of thomas spring of lavenham , ‘ the rich clothier ’ , his commercial empire had been dismantled , and his immense fortune , £3,200 net , dispersed among his heirs , most of it to his widow and daughter ; his son had already chosen to live as a gentleman and was duly taxed on £20 from lands in 1524 , and the firm [stopped] trading .

The French cannons abruptly ceased fire .
the french cannons abruptly [stopped] fire .

The Baron , his eyes streaming with the hay fever , sneezed once more and the French guns magically ceased fire .
the baron , his eyes streaming with the hay fever , sneezed once more and the french guns magically [stopped] fire .

Marshka never ceased to amaze Vashinov .
marshka never [stopped] to amaze vashinov .

My goats used to adore roses and hawthorn : how their tongues , throats and stomachs dealt with the thorns never ceased to amaze us .
my goats used to adore roses and hawthorn : how their tongues , throats and stomachs dealt with the thorns never [stopped] to amaze us .

What had once been the greatest and most prosperous of Elf realms had effectively ceased to be .
what had once been the greatest and most prosperous of elf realms had effectively [stopped] to be .

The agricultural industry had ceased to be the greatest employer ; in 1914 about 43 per cent of the occupied population was working in agriculture in France , 35 per cent in Germany , 22 per cent in Belgium and only 8 per cent in Great Britain .
the agricultural industry had [stopped] to be the greatest employer ; in 1914 about 43 per cent of the occupied population was working in agriculture in france , 35 per cent in germany , 22 per cent in belgium and only 8 per cent in great britain .

Of course , French demands for revanche had not ceased .
of course , french demands for revanche had not [stopped] .

As relations deteriorated , Russia ceased to favour the eventual union of Bulgaria and Roumelia , and forced Prince Alexander of Bulgaria , nominally an autocrat , to accept Russian generals as ministers .
as relations deteriorated , russia [stopped] to favour the eventual union of bulgaria and roumelia , and forced prince alexander of bulgaria , nominally an autocrat , to accept russian generals as ministers .

World war has ceased to be an inevitability .
world war has [stopped] to be an inevitability .

But this does not mean that nuclear war has ceased to be an instrument of politics , as is claimed by the overwhelming majority of representatives of pacifist , anti-war movements in the bourgeois world .
but this does not mean that nuclear war has [stopped] to be an instrument of politics , as is claimed by the overwhelming majority of representatives of pacifist , anti-war movements in the bourgeois world .

The conventional view , that such biological evolution ceased tens of thousands of years ago and human change has consisted entirely of cultural evolution since then , may be incorrect .
the conventional view , that such biological evolution [stopped] tens of thousands of years ago and human change has consisted entirely of cultural evolution since then , may be incorrect .

The laser fire ceased too late .
the laser fire [stopped] too late .

Often this is a matter of stopping the time out as soon as all the crying , whining , foot stamping has ceased and the child is quiet again : ‘ You can come back when you are quiet ’ is the rule of the day .
often this is a matter of stopping the time out as soon as all the crying , whining , foot stamping has [stopped] and the child is quiet again : ‘ you can come back when you are quiet ’ is the rule of the day .

Here , the action refers to a game which has ceased .
here , the action refers to a game which has [stopped] .

We 've heard them so many times that they 've ceased to have any effect .
we 've heard them so many times that they 've [stopped] to have any effect .

As night fell , and Weaver did not return to the flat he was sharing , Bodie and Doyle ceased surveillance on the eighth floor and drove the short distance to the house where Liz Spalding was standing guard over the Stone family .
as night fell , and weaver did not return to the flat he was sharing , bodie and doyle [stopped] surveillance on the eighth floor and drove the short distance to the house where liz spalding was standing guard over the stone family .

In turn this has resulted in the need to develop explanations to justify why younger people have ceased looking after the needs of their elderly relatives .
in turn this has resulted in the need to develop explanations to justify why younger people have [stopped] looking after the needs of their elderly relatives .

The fingers on the clock of St Joseph 's church pointed to eight , though it had long since ceased to chime the hours .
the fingers on the clock of st joseph 's church pointed to eight , though it had long since [stopped] to chime the hours .

In more recent years the controversy has died down a little , although it has still not ceased .
in more recent years the controversy has died down a little , although it has still not [stopped] .

They kindly squashed up to let us into the shelter , whereupon all conversation ceased .
they kindly squashed up to let us into the shelter , whereupon all conversation [stopped] .

The Labour Party ceased to contest by-elections and ruled out extra-Parliamentary agitation of any kind as incompatible with its membership of the Government .
the labour party [stopped] to contest by-elections and ruled out extra-parliamentary agitation of any kind as incompatible with its membership of the government .

As a result , membership slumped and in many parts of the country the Party ceased to exist as a mass organization .
as a result , membership slumped and in many parts of the country the party [stopped] to exist as a mass organization .

* ‘ The last major wooden ( actually composite ) passenger sailing ship seems to have been Torrenns which ceased carrying passengers to Adelaide in 1903 .
* ‘ the last major wooden ( actually composite ) passenger sailing ship seems to have been torrenns which [stopped] carrying passengers to adelaide in 1903 .

However , when subsequently he became employed solely by an audit firm established in Germany , and thus ceased to fulfil the conditions described above , his authorisation to practise in Luxembourg was cancelled .
however , when subsequently he became employed solely by an audit firm established in germany , and thus [stopped] to fulfil the conditions described above , his authorisation to practise in luxembourg was cancelled .

They represent a crystallised situation , which would have arisen if Hook Harris had ceased trading and been sold off .
they represent a crystallised situation , which would have arisen if hook harris had [stopped] trading and been sold off .

They had ceased to make monthly repayments in July 1990 and by April 1992 the arrears exceeded £64,000 .
they had [stopped] to make monthly repayments in july 1990 and by april 1992 the arrears exceeded £64,000 .

Once the alternative assessments ceased to be enforceable , the taxpayer became liable to the tax assessed , and this was not capable of any serious challenge .
once the alternative assessments [stopped] to be enforceable , the taxpayer became liable to the tax assessed , and this was not capable of any serious challenge .

It may be instructive that the prime mover in the action was an American bank ( Allied International ) which has subsequently ceased operations in London and which withdrew from the action on those grounds , although their vice president in charge of operations at the material time was , and still is , resident here .
it may be instructive that the prime mover in the action was an american bank ( allied international ) which has subsequently [stopped] operations in london and which withdrew from the action on those grounds , although their vice president in charge of operations at the material time was , and still is , resident here .

‘ The general theory of psycho-analysis , in its most abstract definition , is a psychology of mental processes and their organization . For such a psychology , mind has ceased to be a static structure or a substantial thing and has become a dynamic entity , a nexus of activities and a sequence of adaptive responses ’
‘ the general theory of psycho-analysis , in its most abstract definition , is a psychology of mental processes and their organization . for such a psychology , mind has [stopped] to be a static structure or a substantial thing and has become a dynamic entity , a nexus of activities and a sequence of adaptive responses ’

Although the assumptions behind British judicial procedure were not popularly accepted , the courts soon ceased to be alien because they were used by Sri Lankans in ways which fit indigenous norms .
although the assumptions behind british judicial procedure were not popularly accepted , the courts soon [stopped] to be alien because they were used by sri lankans in ways which fit indigenous norms .

There has been a long resistance to accepting that , in spite of the logical stringency with which laws in science are formulated , interrelated and tested , their origin has never ceased to be the same .
there has been a long resistance to accepting that , in spite of the logical stringency with which laws in science are formulated , interrelated and tested , their origin has never [stopped] to be the same .

( One such sign was observed by the writer in the forecourt of Penge East Station in 1944 , ten years after trams had ceased to serve Penge ! )
( one such sign was observed by the writer in the forecourt of penge east station in 1944 , ten years after trams had [stopped] to serve penge ! )

The war memorial tablet on the wall of Brigstock Villa was removed to a place of safe keeping before tram operation from Thornton Heath ceased , but as soon as the depôt was cleared of cars , demolition contractors moved in .
the war memorial tablet on the wall of brigstock villa was removed to a place of safe keeping before tram operation from thornton heath [stopped] , but as soon as the depôt was cleared of cars , demolition contractors moved in .

Trolleybuses ceased to run on route 654 on the night of Tuesday 3 March 1959 , when an official last run was made at the instigation of the Wallington and Carshalton Advertiser .
trolleybuses [stopped] to run on route 654 on the night of tuesday 3 march 1959 , when an official last run was made at the instigation of the wallington and carshalton advertiser .

By the time the monthly nurse was installed once again , and Mrs Longhill was delivered of her second child — a daughter , to be named Prudence — Ruth had almost ceased to think or dream about anything .
by the time the monthly nurse was installed once again , and mrs longhill was delivered of her second child — a daughter , to be named prudence — ruth had almost [stopped] to think or dream about anything .

Sunk in religious doubts , he was being supported by a father whose profession he had ceased to respect .
sunk in religious doubts , he was being supported by a father whose profession he had [stopped] to respect .

As unemployment rose in 1992 , redundancy ceased to be a taboo subject .
as unemployment rose in 1992 , redundancy [stopped] to be a taboo subject .

The Crown argued that there was either one practice that ceased operating or , alternatively , there was a change in the individuals running the practice resulting in a deemed cessation of business .
the crown argued that there was either one practice that [stopped] operating or , alternatively , there was a change in the individuals running the practice resulting in a deemed cessation of business .

The company denied that it had ceased trading on 25 October , and the accounts included purchases , unrelated to the Meadowbank development , which substantially exceeded the value of stock in the period 's balance sheet .
the company denied that it had [stopped] trading on 25 october , and the accounts included purchases , unrelated to the meadowbank development , which substantially exceeded the value of stock in the period 's balance sheet .

But this neatly organised hierarchy of the document is misleading ; the listing was made because the archbishops were unsure of their rights after years of maladministration when many of the services had ceased or been exchanged for cash payments .
but this neatly organised hierarchy of the document is misleading ; the listing was made because the archbishops were unsure of their rights after years of maladministration when many of the services had [stopped] or been exchanged for cash payments .

It had ceased to be .
it had [stopped] to be .

The official receiver has been called into the firm , which ceased trading last June .
the official receiver has been called into the firm , which [stopped] trading last june .

On 21 February 1990 the Ledingham-Smiths consulted an insolvency practitioner and the accountants ceased to act for them .
on 21 february 1990 the ledingham-smiths consulted an insolvency practitioner and the accountants [stopped] to act for them .

Most obviously , both women and men can expect to have a recognizable period of ‘ old age ’ when they have ceased paid work , the creation of a standard age of retirement from work being a twentieth century phenomenon .
most obviously , both women and men can expect to have a recognizable period of ‘ old age ’ when they have [stopped] paid work , the creation of a standard age of retirement from work being a twentieth century phenomenon .

We followed the road up the valley , crossing and recrossing over bridges which became progressively more primitive until finally they ceased to exist and the track disappeared into the river to reappear at the far bank .
we followed the road up the valley , crossing and recrossing over bridges which became progressively more primitive until finally they [stopped] to exist and the track disappeared into the river to reappear at the far bank .

Inevitably , the stocks of whales became depleted , and by the middle of the eighteenth century the whaling at Svalbard ( or , as it was called , the ‘ East Greenland Fishery ’ ) had ceased altogether .
inevitably , the stocks of whales became depleted , and by the middle of the eighteenth century the whaling at svalbard ( or , as it was called , the ‘ east greenland fishery ’ ) had [stopped] altogether .

The reference point for the height data ( m ) is Rifugio Piccolo ( between Cisternazza and Montagnola ) and values for November 1989 are set to zero , after the SSE-trending fractures had formed and Strombolian activity had ceased .
the reference point for the height data ( m ) is rifugio piccolo ( between cisternazza and montagnola ) and values for november 1989 are set to zero , after the sse-trending fractures had formed and strombolian activity had [stopped] .

Eventually , the bloody turf wars ceased , and for a long time the authorities either winked at their illegal trade or even helped themselves to the till .
eventually , the bloody turf wars [stopped] , and for a long time the authorities either winked at their illegal trade or even helped themselves to the till .

In historically accurate terms these settled states had ceased to be colonies fourteen years before Howard 's death , but that probably did not much matter south and west of the Red River which forms the north-east boundary of what was then known as Tejas , or Tehas .
in historically accurate terms these settled states had [stopped] to be colonies fourteen years before howard 's death , but that probably did not much matter south and west of the red river which forms the north-east boundary of what was then known as tejas , or tehas .

In an age in which the Church was living and functioning largely within more or less liberal , democratic societies and in which defence mechanisms such as the Index of forbidden books had ceased effectively to function , it was no longer possible to insulate Catholic society mentally from the world around it .
in an age in which the church was living and functioning largely within more or less liberal , democratic societies and in which defence mechanisms such as the index of forbidden books had [stopped] effectively to function , it was no longer possible to insulate catholic society mentally from the world around it .

De Lubac , von Balthasar , Bouyer and Jacques Maritain could cry ‘ treason ’ , but Marxism , structuralism and post-structuralism collectively devastated the French School of Theology until it almost ceased significantly to exist .
de lubac , von balthasar , bouyer and jacques maritain could cry ‘ treason ’ , but marxism , structuralism and post-structuralism collectively devastated the french school of theology until it almost [stopped] significantly to exist .

The assassin 's blow threw him back against the wall , hitting it so hard he brought books tumbling from the shelves , but before the assassin 's fingers found his throat he delivered a punch to the man 's belly that must have touched some tender place , because the assault ceased , and the attacker let him go , his eyes fixed for the first time on Gentle 's face .
the assassin 's blow threw him back against the wall , hitting it so hard he brought books tumbling from the shelves , but before the assassin 's fingers found his throat he delivered a punch to the man 's belly that must have touched some tender place , because the assault [stopped] , and the attacker let him go , his eyes fixed for the first time on gentle 's face .

He 'd never ceased to find fascination within its pages , for it was Maybellome 's intention to make an encyclopaedia listing all the flora , fauna , languages , sciences , ideas , moral perspectives — in short , anything that occurred to her — that had found their way from the Fifth Dominion , the Place of the Succulent Rock , through to the other worlds .
he 'd never [stopped] to find fascination within its pages , for it was maybellome 's intention to make an encyclopaedia listing all the flora , fauna , languages , sciences , ideas , moral perspectives — in short , anything that occurred to her — that had found their way from the fifth dominion , the place of the succulent rock , through to the other worlds .

Despite protests from all sides he did n't halt his labours until the body before him had been opened from navel to throat , and Dowd 's thrashings had ceased .
despite protests from all sides he did n't halt his labours until the body before him had been opened from navel to throat , and dowd 's thrashings had [stopped] .

Even after they had ceased to be largely print-based , most conglomerates up until the 1970s remained primarily media organizations .
even after they had [stopped] to be largely print-based , most conglomerates up until the 1970s remained primarily media organizations .

Mr Ueberroth was enlisted to help rebuild South Central even before the ashes had ceased glowing .
mr ueberroth was enlisted to help rebuild south central even before the ashes had [stopped] glowing .

The fact that the cold war lasted so much longer than the economic idyll meant that Americans never adjusted to the fact that , economically , their country had long ceased to be able to deliver the annual increase in prosperity they had come to consider a birthright .
the fact that the cold war lasted so much longer than the economic idyll meant that americans never adjusted to the fact that , economically , their country had long [stopped] to be able to deliver the annual increase in prosperity they had come to consider a birthright .

Even in 1789 , long after revenue officers ceased to personally exercise the right of voting , and were rarely active in county politics , their promotions were still determined by their connection to voters .
even in 1789 , long after revenue officers [stopped] to personally exercise the right of voting , and were rarely active in county politics , their promotions were still determined by their connection to voters .

There was nothing dramatic to mark its going — just a stream of air bubbles that became gradually smaller and ceased altogether after about twenty seconds .
there was nothing dramatic to mark its going — just a stream of air bubbles that became gradually smaller and [stopped] altogether after about twenty seconds .

Authority never ceased to sigh when nurses left to marry , but if Benedict 's nurses married Benedict 's men , then authority sighed a little less loudly .
authority never [stopped] to sigh when nurses left to marry , but if benedict 's nurses married benedict 's men , then authority sighed a little less loudly .

There could still be perspectival appearances of objects to points of view even if all sentient life ceased to exist .
there could still be perspectival appearances of objects to points of view even if all sentient life [stopped] to exist .

The phrase represented a manner of thinking about the world very different from that which he had worked out in his own thinking about liberty as perfect obedience to the will of God : an obedience of a will so attuned to the source of order in the universe that there has ceased to be any constraint in obeying .
the phrase represented a manner of thinking about the world very different from that which he had worked out in his own thinking about liberty as perfect obedience to the will of god : an obedience of a will so attuned to the source of order in the universe that there has [stopped] to be any constraint in obeying .

But Osbern never ceased to be a rebel in the cause of the past , and the battle for Anglo-Saxon antiquity was only half won at Lanfranc 's death .
but osbern never [stopped] to be a rebel in the cause of the past , and the battle for anglo-saxon antiquity was only half won at lanfranc 's death .

Anselm however never ceased to express himself in word and deed increasingly strongly in its favour : he persisted also in the Canterbury claim that the archbishop should be the pope 's legate in England in perpetuity .
anselm however never [stopped] to express himself in word and deed increasingly strongly in its favour : he persisted also in the canterbury claim that the archbishop should be the pope 's legate in england in perpetuity .

The reputation of Angelica Kauffman ( 1741–1807 ) has risen steadily in recent years , since she ceased to be regarded as a minor decorative artist and began to reassume the esteem accorded her by her contemporaries .
the reputation of angelica kauffman ( 1741–1807 ) has risen steadily in recent years , since she [stopped] to be regarded as a minor decorative artist and began to reassume the esteem accorded her by her contemporaries .

He has never ceased to use his career at the Met as a touchstone for such later projects as editor-in-chief of Connoisseur Magazine and several ‘ inside scoop ’ books on the art world ranging from Tutankhamen : The Untold Story to his early years as a curator of the Met 's medieval department and his purchase of the ‘ Bury St Edmunds Cross ’ ( King of the Confessors ) .
he has never [stopped] to use his career at the met as a touchstone for such later projects as editor-in-chief of connoisseur magazine and several ‘ inside scoop ’ books on the art world ranging from tutankhamen : the untold story to his early years as a curator of the met 's medieval department and his purchase of the ‘ bury st edmunds cross ’ ( king of the confessors ) .

Tolkien was a Catholic who never entirely ceased to resent Lewis 's preference for Anglicanism ; others were High Church ; and Lewis , who always claimed to see religion as an escape from superstition rather than from atheism , held himself scrupulously above such disputes .
tolkien was a catholic who never entirely [stopped] to resent lewis 's preference for anglicanism ; others were high church ; and lewis , who always claimed to see religion as an escape from superstition rather than from atheism , held himself scrupulously above such disputes .

The point , once obvious , has ceased to be that , and it may need to be restated .
the point , once obvious , has [stopped] to be that , and it may need to be restated .

With Amis and Iris Murdoch the matter is more lucid ; and both can be seen , by now , as socialist novelists who at varying pace soon ceased to be that .
with amis and iris murdoch the matter is more lucid ; and both can be seen , by now , as socialist novelists who at varying pace soon [stopped] to be that .

Socialism-for-the-rich had by the 1970s ceased to be a mere phrase and become a visible fact .
socialism-for-the-rich had by the 1970s [stopped] to be a mere phrase and become a visible fact .

They belong to an era of withdrawal , when criticism turned inward and ceased , out of self-doubt , to address any world beyond itself .
they belong to an era of withdrawal , when criticism turned inward and [stopped] , out of self-doubt , to address any world beyond itself .

The kitchen ceased vibrating , and its walls relaxed .
the kitchen [stopped] vibrating , and its walls relaxed .

Pink Floyd had ceased to be a band at this stage of their career , overshadowed by the excess of past successes and Roger Waters ' ego .
pink floyd had [stopped] to be a band at this stage of their career , overshadowed by the excess of past successes and roger waters ' ego .

When the door opened and Sister Cecilia came in , still wearing her kitchen apron , the whirling thoughts ceased and she said , ‘ Oh , Sister . ’
when the door opened and sister cecilia came in , still wearing her kitchen apron , the whirling thoughts [stopped] and she said , ‘ oh , sister . ’

Now these two points have been resolved , it will allow the process of what in legal parlance is called ‘ mutual discovery ’ of evidence to continue , which had ceased while Sotheby 's motion was pending .
now these two points have been resolved , it will allow the process of what in legal parlance is called ‘ mutual discovery ’ of evidence to continue , which had [stopped] while sotheby 's motion was pending .

Built in many variants , a total of 16,769 Yak–9s had been produced when production ceased in late August 1945 and a typical example is preserved in the Museum .
built in many variants , a total of 16,769 yak–9s had been produced when production [stopped] in late august 1945 and a typical example is preserved in the museum .

It had been faced and dealt with in the early centuries of the church and later along the lines that the inspiration of the Bible did not mean that God simply dictated the words , or that the authors ceased to be human and fallible .
it had been faced and dealt with in the early centuries of the church and later along the lines that the inspiration of the bible did not mean that god simply dictated the words , or that the authors [stopped] to be human and fallible .

It also , however , involved conversions at grass-roots level , for in the course of the sixteenth century the people of England ceased to be overwhelmingly Catholic and became predominantly Protestant .
it also , however , involved conversions at grass-roots level , for in the course of the sixteenth century the people of england [stopped] to be overwhelmingly catholic and became predominantly protestant .

Bibles ceased to have illustrations to enliven their text , and the small number of mystery plays , which had been allowed to continue at centres such as Coventry , Chester , Wakefield , and York , were suppressed .
bibles [stopped] to have illustrations to enliven their text , and the small number of mystery plays , which had been allowed to continue at centres such as coventry , chester , wakefield , and york , were suppressed .

This never ceased to aggrieve the Archduke , but he found a way publicly to show his love for his wife .
this never [stopped] to aggrieve the archduke , but he found a way publicly to show his love for his wife .

German attacks wavered , then virtually ceased ; though spasmodic fighting continued until 22 November , intense cold brought large-scale activities to an end .
german attacks wavered , then virtually [stopped] ; though spasmodic fighting continued until 22 november , intense cold brought large-scale activities to an end .

She , too , invaded Serbia , which was overrun and virtually ceased to exist as a nation .
she , too , invaded serbia , which was overrun and virtually [stopped] to exist as a nation .

By massing overwhelming artillery strength on a short front , and replacing prolonged duration of fire ( which had hitherto given ample warning of attack to the defenders ) by the number of guns employed , he hoped so to disrupt French trench lines that , when the bombardment ceased ; a relatively small German force could advance with little loss .
by massing overwhelming artillery strength on a short front , and replacing prolonged duration of fire ( which had hitherto given ample warning of attack to the defenders ) by the number of guns employed , he hoped so to disrupt french trench lines that , when the bombardment [stopped] ; a relatively small german force could advance with little loss .

Then , at about 16.45 , the deluge of shells suddenly ceased .
then , at about 16.45 , the deluge of shells suddenly [stopped] .

Fighting ceased only with the advent of darkness — but the respite was to be brief .
fighting [stopped] only with the advent of darkness — but the respite was to be brief .

Oddly , though he could never bear to be out of her sight and cried whenever she left him , as soon as his eldest sister , the faithful Cis , got him to her own home he ceased to cry .
oddly , though he could never bear to be out of her sight and cried whenever she left him , as soon as his eldest sister , the faithful cis , got him to her own home he [stopped] to cry .

Despite the complexities behind the loss of the vision of the church at war , the net result has been simple : either the Devil has ceased to exist , or he plays no essential role in the history of salvation .
despite the complexities behind the loss of the vision of the church at war , the net result has been simple : either the devil has [stopped] to exist , or he plays no essential role in the history of salvation .

( Readers should note that distribution from this source has now ceased , along with the supply of Hanwag boots to retailers .
( readers should note that distribution from this source has now [stopped] , along with the supply of hanwag boots to retailers .

Eventually the institution will find itself in the residual phase , in which the external constituency has ceased to exist and the biological growth is eroded by the loss to the movement of the uninterested children of the members .
eventually the institution will find itself in the residual phase , in which the external constituency has [stopped] to exist and the biological growth is eroded by the loss to the movement of the uninterested children of the members .

The dreadful cries ceased as a hand was clapped roughly over the young woman 's mouth .
the dreadful cries [stopped] as a hand was clapped roughly over the young woman 's mouth .

And although we have generally ceased to believe directly in witchcraft , the irrational charges levelled against coloured immigrants in Britain smack strongly of the witchcraft accusation .
and although we have generally [stopped] to believe directly in witchcraft , the irrational charges levelled against coloured immigrants in britain smack strongly of the witchcraft accusation .

After King Philip 's War , a relatively serious struggle with Indians in New England in the 1670s , this had ceased to be any serious danger and the frontier had been reasonably peaceful .
after king philip 's war , a relatively serious struggle with indians in new england in the 1670s , this had [stopped] to be any serious danger and the frontier had been reasonably peaceful .

In the last few years this pattern has ceased as most papers carry these reports and , curiously , the News of the World has nearly stopped .
in the last few years this pattern has [stopped] as most papers carry these reports and , curiously , the news of the world has nearly stopped .

Hiatts ceased manufacture of leg-cuffs in 1983 .
hiatts [stopped] manufacture of leg-cuffs in 1983 .

After a period of nearly two hours , the doctor finally pronounced the woman dead and the stoning ceased .
after a period of nearly two hours , the doctor finally pronounced the woman dead and the stoning [stopped] .

During the Cortes debate on the draft constitution in the summer of 1931 , Azaña declared that Spain had ‘ ceased to be Catholic ’ .
during the cortes debate on the draft constitution in the summer of 1931 , azaña declared that spain had ‘ [stopped] to be catholic ’ .

Dalgliesh , who had heard him at a police concert , never ceased to be surprised that so narrow a chest and so slight a frame could produce such a powerful organ-toned bass .
dalgliesh , who had heard him at a police concert , never [stopped] to be surprised that so narrow a chest and so slight a frame could produce such a powerful organ-toned bass .

Like him , she had probably ceased to notice the slow accretion of dirt over their lives .
like him , she had probably [stopped] to notice the slow accretion of dirt over their lives .

At last the ordeal ceased — so abruptly that Lexandro imagined that his body had evaporated , vanished , and that he had become pure spirit .
at last the ordeal [stopped] — so abruptly that lexandro imagined that his body had evaporated , vanished , and that he had become pure spirit .

The strident , static-like hiss ceased abruptly .
the strident , static-like hiss [stopped] abruptly .

Yeremi 's stream of plasma ceased abruptly as his hand cramped within that fervid womb .
yeremi 's stream of plasma [stopped] abruptly as his hand cramped within that fervid womb .

The wind and rain ceased over the next two days , but giant waves of up to fifteen feet continued to batter the shoreline , flooding and wrecking many homes .
the wind and rain [stopped] over the next two days , but giant waves of up to fifteen feet continued to batter the shoreline , flooding and wrecking many homes .

Their conversation ceased as the eloquent tones of Michael Stein carried towards them on the public address system .
their conversation [stopped] as the eloquent tones of michael stein carried towards them on the public address system .

Again in the top right-hand section of the map the dominant whiteness ceased abruptly in a line extending down from Danzig hsien to Poznan , and thence to Krakow and across to Lvov , ending on the shores of the Black Sea , at Odessa .
again in the top right-hand section of the map the dominant whiteness [stopped] abruptly in a line extending down from danzig hsien to poznan , and thence to krakow and across to lvov , ending on the shores of the black sea , at odessa .

The jangling of his friend 's bells and chains , which he had been using as an aid for navigation , had ceased abruptly .
the jangling of his friend 's bells and chains , which he had been using as an aid for navigation , had [stopped] abruptly .

The Fat Controller — whatever he might be — had ceased to manifest himself .
the fat controller — whatever he might be — had [stopped] to manifest himself .

Fortunately for the walkers , the drizzle of the morning and early afternoon had ceased and the sky was clear .
fortunately for the walkers , the drizzle of the morning and early afternoon had [stopped] and the sky was clear .

Thus House of Commons scrutiny of the estimates virtually ceased .
thus house of commons scrutiny of the estimates virtually [stopped] .

Government defeats ceased to be unusual .
government defeats [stopped] to be unusual .

In the meantime , it is clear that many judges consider that the Lord Chancellor 's Department has ceased to act as an intermediary or ‘ hinge ’ between themselves and the executive Government and has become as much a part of the governmental machinery as any other Department of State .
in the meantime , it is clear that many judges consider that the lord chancellor 's department has [stopped] to act as an intermediary or ‘ hinge ’ between themselves and the executive government and has become as much a part of the governmental machinery as any other department of state .

So to strike ceased to be a crime .
so to strike [stopped] to be a crime .

The man in the doorway was certainly old and infirm , and none too reliable either , but when he ceased to be of any use to the Guild as a working docker , they had found him a sinecure job as night watchman on the Wharf .
the man in the doorway was certainly old and infirm , and none too reliable either , but when he [stopped] to be of any use to the guild as a working docker , they had found him a sinecure job as night watchman on the wharf .

‘ Yes , it was . And you ceased to be the tenant and occupant of the said premises in the summer of 1915 , did you not ? ’
‘ yes , it was . and you [stopped] to be the tenant and occupant of the said premises in the summer of 1915 , did you not ? ’

During the post-war period women ceased to quit employment on marriage .
during the post-war period women [stopped] to quit employment on marriage .

Whether in or out of the bedroom had ceased to matter … )
whether in or out of the bedroom had [stopped] to matter … )

It had almost ceased to matter that she was in Paris , and not in love .
it had almost [stopped] to matter that she was in paris , and not in love .

Want was all he could do , for his body had long ago ceased to function in that way .
want was all he could do , for his body had long ago [stopped] to function in that way .

Moreover , former farm workers and other locals who have ceased to work in the village but who remain resident there and commute to nearby towns , may also involve themselves in leisure activities over a much wider geographical area than hitherto .
moreover , former farm workers and other locals who have [stopped] to work in the village but who remain resident there and commute to nearby towns , may also involve themselves in leisure activities over a much wider geographical area than hitherto .

Others , although aware of the stigma attached to day centres , saw attendance as preferable to the extreme social isolation encountered when formal education ceased — a common problem for disabled young adults ( Hirst , 1987 ; Kuh et al .
others , although aware of the stigma attached to day centres , saw attendance as preferable to the extreme social isolation encountered when formal education [stopped] — a common problem for disabled young adults ( hirst , 1987 ; kuh et al .

The beating ceased , as suddenly as it had begun .
the beating [stopped] , as suddenly as it had begun .

When their fighting ceased , she sat astride his chest , gradually sliding down to his toes like a small girl down a banister .
when their fighting [stopped] , she sat astride his chest , gradually sliding down to his toes like a small girl down a banister .

The rain had ceased .
the rain had [stopped] .

If Parliament ceased to be a representative assembly , in any plausible sense of the idea , or if it proceeded to enact legislation undermining the democratic basis of our institutions , political morality might direct judicial resistance rather than obedience .
if parliament [stopped] to be a representative assembly , in any plausible sense of the idea , or if it proceeded to enact legislation undermining the democratic basis of our institutions , political morality might direct judicial resistance rather than obedience .

The use of Anglican chant for psalms and canticles has almost entirely ceased , but in the Eucharist the better known settings by Appleford , Rutter and Shephard are used .
the use of anglican chant for psalms and canticles has almost entirely [stopped] , but in the eucharist the better known settings by appleford , rutter and shephard are used .

However , the brutal application of the new land collectivisation programme in the north must be ascribed in part to Ho Chi Minh , even though he ceased to be prime Minister in August 1955 .
however , the brutal application of the new land collectivisation programme in the north must be ascribed in part to ho chi minh , even though he [stopped] to be prime minister in august 1955 .

Meanwhile , the Ghanaian presence ‘ on the spot ’ ceased to be very relevant .
meanwhile , the ghanaian presence ‘ on the spot ’ [stopped] to be very relevant .

Since the counting of unemployment was transferred from Job Centres to Unemployment Benefit Offices in November 1982 , the Government has ceased carrying out an analysis of vacancies by occupation .
since the counting of unemployment was transferred from job centres to unemployment benefit offices in november 1982 , the government has [stopped] carrying out an analysis of vacancies by occupation .

However , many of the 1.3 million recipients who would have ceased to be eligible for supplementary benefit were receiving what is called certificated housing benefit .
however , many of the 1.3 million recipients who would have [stopped] to be eligible for supplementary benefit were receiving what is called certificated housing benefit .

It was at this point that the facts ceased to have their air of permanent naturalness .
it was at this point that the facts [stopped] to have their air of permanent naturalness .

Held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( Sir George Waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the Law of Property Act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .
held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( sir george waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the law of property act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had [stopped] to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .

The company later ceased to trade and a liquidator was appointed .
the company later [stopped] to trade and a liquidator was appointed .

However , since the presence of the deceased on the premises was in direct contravention of an express instruction issued by the brewery to their manager , the brewery were not liable ; his permission to remain on the premises had ceased at closing time , 10.30 p.m .
however , since the presence of the deceased on the premises was in direct contravention of an express instruction issued by the brewery to their manager , the brewery were not liable ; his permission to remain on the premises had [stopped] at closing time , 10.30 p.m .

Rooms without fires are correspondingly bleak , as though the heart of the house had ceased to beat ( a not infrequent simile ) .
rooms without fires are correspondingly bleak , as though the heart of the house had [stopped] to beat ( a not infrequent simile ) .

But after the Restoration the government ceased to interfere with the enclosure of open field by private landlords , and the pace of change quickened sharply .
but after the restoration the government [stopped] to interfere with the enclosure of open field by private landlords , and the pace of change quickened sharply .

Steel-making in the west Midlands has ceased and not only have many of the traditional coal-mining areas declined but the winding gear , pit-head buildings and tramways have gone and even tips have been levelled and landscaped .
steel-making in the west midlands has [stopped] and not only have many of the traditional coal-mining areas declined but the winding gear , pit-head buildings and tramways have gone and even tips have been levelled and landscaped .

Graffunder 's Seamen 's and Tradesmen 's Union ceased to exist in August 1893 and others of like kind met a similar fate .
graffunder 's seamen 's and tradesmen 's union [stopped] to exist in august 1893 and others of like kind met a similar fate .

The promised War Risk Compensation Scheme did not appear until 19 February 1915 and their Lordships seemed to have forgotten altogether that under the Merchant Shipping Act the moment a ship became a total wreck , from whatever cause , the wages of its crew ceased to be paid , leaving both sailors and their dependents in `` an unenviable position `` .
the promised war risk compensation scheme did not appear until 19 february 1915 and their lordships seemed to have forgotten altogether that under the merchant shipping act the moment a ship became a total wreck , from whatever cause , the wages of its crew [stopped] to be paid , leaving both sailors and their dependents in `` an unenviable position `` .

Weeks earlier , around the advent of the Ma'badong dancers , it had been abandoned by its relay of inexpert operators , and had ceased to scream .
weeks earlier , around the advent of the ma'badong dancers , it had been abandoned by its relay of inexpert operators , and had [stopped] to scream .

When we were asleep , it had ceased to matter , but when we ate it still remained a bore .
when we were asleep , it had [stopped] to matter , but when we ate it still remained a bore .

When we finally reached the top of the Bouton Straits the rain had ceased as completely as the wind and it was only the current which carried us eastwards into the luminous open sea .
when we finally reached the top of the bouton straits the rain had [stopped] as completely as the wind and it was only the current which carried us eastwards into the luminous open sea .

She kept her back rigorously straight : the foetus or baby seemed to like the bicycle : its movement usually , and she felt happily , ceased as hers began .
she kept her back rigorously straight : the foetus or baby seemed to like the bicycle : its movement usually , and she felt happily , [stopped] as hers began .

In the distance thunder rumbled across the dark sky , and she suddenly raked her hands through her hair , holding both palms tight against her temples until the noise ceased .
in the distance thunder rumbled across the dark sky , and she suddenly raked her hands through her hair , holding both palms tight against her temples until the noise [stopped] .

The ceremonies taught us by the Chinese emperors ceased to be celebrated fourteen years ago in China itself when the revolution of Sun Yat-sen put an end to the Manchu dynasty .
the ceremonies taught us by the chinese emperors [stopped] to be celebrated fourteen years ago in china itself when the revolution of sun yat-sen put an end to the manchu dynasty .

All conversation ceased and the firecrackers quietened suddenly by some invisible command as the emperor took his leave of the Resident Superior and the governor of Cochin-China ; the other French officials and guests immediately began lining up to file past and shake the sovereign 's hand in farewell .
all conversation [stopped] and the firecrackers quietened suddenly by some invisible command as the emperor took his leave of the resident superior and the governor of cochin-china ; the other french officials and guests immediately began lining up to file past and shake the sovereign 's hand in farewell .

Actually , it was through the female line , `` he began , wondering how much he meant to explain , but they had ceased to listen to him .
actually , it was through the female line , `` he began , wondering how much he meant to explain , but they had [stopped] to listen to him .

Her heart had been beating fast and her hands were shaking , but as he kissed her and his body pressed close against hers , the length of his body hard against hers , those signs of fear gradually ceased and she grew weak and curiously fluid in his arms .
her heart had been beating fast and her hands were shaking , but as he kissed her and his body pressed close against hers , the length of his body hard against hers , those signs of fear gradually [stopped] and she grew weak and curiously fluid in his arms .

Attempts by the Orthodox clergy to convert the indigenous peoples , mainly shamanists , to Christianity were in some case approved of by the authorities , but generally in the period under study there was a reluctance to permit the baptism of natives , since they then ceased to pay yasak .
attempts by the orthodox clergy to convert the indigenous peoples , mainly shamanists , to christianity were in some case approved of by the authorities , but generally in the period under study there was a reluctance to permit the baptism of natives , since they then [stopped] to pay yasak .

Alix , naturally , was almost ( but not quite ) overwhelmed with guilt , at not grieving enough , at not having been the perfect wife , at having ceased to love Sebastian .
alix , naturally , was almost ( but not quite ) overwhelmed with guilt , at not grieving enough , at not having been the perfect wife , at having [stopped] to love sebastian .

The Cold War is over , the hostilities have ceased .
the cold war is over , the hostilities have [stopped] .

Thus when population and prices rose in the eighteenth century the tenant foreros sublet at great profits to themselves since their payments to the foristas had long ceased to represent an economic rent .
thus when population and prices rose in the eighteenth century the tenant foreros sublet at great profits to themselves since their payments to the foristas had long [stopped] to represent an economic rent .

’ Throughout the war talk of a military take-over from inept civilians never ceased .
’ throughout the war talk of a military take-over from inept civilians never [stopped] .

It was only as shore jet ceased to meet increasing demands that recourse was had to outcrops exposed on hillsides in the interior .
it was only as shore jet [stopped] to meet increasing demands that recourse was had to outcrops exposed on hillsides in the interior .

By the poetry of history the crown of the British sovereign , who ceased to rule in all but name in the aftermath of the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , is the only one of consequence , the papal tiara aside , still used in the rite of coronation .
by the poetry of history the crown of the british sovereign , who [stopped] to rule in all but name in the aftermath of the glorious revolution of 1688 , is the only one of consequence , the papal tiara aside , still used in the rite of coronation .

If ‘ the investigation ’ has ceased for the purpose of enabling the Director to question the suspect , then they must equally have ceased so as to terminate all her other powers .
if ‘ the investigation ’ has [stopped] for the purpose of enabling the director to question the suspect , then they must equally have [stopped] so as to terminate all her other powers .

By the time Durkheim came to write Two Laws of Penal Evolu-tion , he had modified his theory about the decline in importance of the conscience collective ( a phrase he ceased to use ) and had come to believe that collective sentiments were a crucial factor in any society .
by the time durkheim came to write two laws of penal evolu-tion , he had modified his theory about the decline in importance of the conscience collective ( a phrase he [stopped] to use ) and had come to believe that collective sentiments were a crucial factor in any society .

By this time the Ottoman empire had long since ceased to be a threat to Christian Europe .
by this time the ottoman empire had long since [stopped] to be a threat to christian europe .

First , the old system of raising funds for maintaining the sultan 's war machine proved inadequate when the technology of war changed and the spahi cavalry ceased to be the indispensable core of the army .
first , the old system of raising funds for maintaining the sultan 's war machine proved inadequate when the technology of war changed and the spahi cavalry [stopped] to be the indispensable core of the army .

As a distant bell in Port-au-Prince tolled out the stroke of midnight , the drums ceased and the candle-holder in the lead halted at the rickety cemetery gates .
as a distant bell in port-au-prince tolled out the stroke of midnight , the drums [stopped] and the candle-holder in the lead halted at the rickety cemetery gates .

The drums ceased in anticipation .
the drums [stopped] in anticipation .

As the gunfire ceased , Ace and Benny ushered the Marines through the door , the group including a pair of medical orderlies who added Petion to their own collection of wounded , and followed after them through the tunnels that led upward more steeply than the others .
as the gunfire [stopped] , ace and benny ushered the marines through the door , the group including a pair of medical orderlies who added petion to their own collection of wounded , and followed after them through the tunnels that led upward more steeply than the others .

All other conversation had ceased , and the protest seemed to echo across the room .
all other conversation had [stopped] , and the protest seemed to echo across the room .

There was a murmur of agreement which ceased when Burun spoke again .
there was a murmur of agreement which [stopped] when burun spoke again .

‘ Khan , why — ’ Suddenly he seemed to realise that the cut on Burun 's arm had ceased to bleed .
‘ khan , why — ’ suddenly he seemed to realise that the cut on burun 's arm had [stopped] to bleed .

He had ceased to be a problem to us .
he had [stopped] to be a problem to us .

Since money had long since ceased to be a matter of concern to Wendell Harvey , he never stinted on spending it .
since money had long since [stopped] to be a matter of concern to wendell harvey , he never stinted on spending it .

After separation from the abuser events ceased in all patients .
after separation from the abuser events [stopped] in all patients .

28–8–1866 Norman McLeod , an Elder , had ceased to attend public worship for the last year and two other Elders were sent to find out why , `` when he assigned as reasons several charges against the Minister , that his preaching was neither law nor Gospel ; that he considered him aiming at himself personally in his preaching . ``
28–8–1866 norman mcleod , an elder , had [stopped] to attend public worship for the last year and two other elders were sent to find out why , `` when he assigned as reasons several charges against the minister , that his preaching was neither law nor gospel ; that he considered him aiming at himself personally in his preaching . ``

In January 1989 Bernard Quinn ceased to be editor on being appointed Director of Information Services .
in january 1989 bernard quinn [stopped] to be editor on being appointed director of information services .

The essential character of the inner ring is that having ceased to be a coal field it became a suburb without a specific local industrial base .
the essential character of the inner ring is that having [stopped] to be a coal field it became a suburb without a specific local industrial base .

This is as true of nineteenth-century Whitley Bay ( which literally ceased to be farmland ) as it is of almost all of Longbenton , developed as a Newcastle over spill after 1945 .
this is as true of nineteenth-century whitley bay ( which literally [stopped] to be farmland ) as it is of almost all of longbenton , developed as a newcastle over spill after 1945 .

After 1920 immigration to the region ceased .
after 1920 immigration to the region [stopped] .

Local authority house building has virtually ceased , whereas private sector development has simply slowed down .
local authority house building has virtually [stopped] , whereas private sector development has simply slowed down .

She 'd had a dream once in which she 'd ceased to be herself , and had to walk amidst crowds of jeering people , asking them who she was .
she 'd had a dream once in which she 'd [stopped] to be herself , and had to walk amidst crowds of jeering people , asking them who she was .

The stranger ceased to rub it in .
the stranger [stopped] to rub it in .

‘ It has ceased to exist , ’ Flavia said grandly .
‘ it has [stopped] to exist , ’ flavia said grandly .

Andrée appeared to have padded most of her edges ; she was being considerate , intelligent , serious , talking like an elder person generous with knowledge to a younger one , and Flavia ceased to feel an absurd adolescent and a target .
andrée appeared to have padded most of her edges ; she was being considerate , intelligent , serious , talking like an elder person generous with knowledge to a younger one , and flavia [stopped] to feel an absurd adolescent and a target .

Prelates , of course , continued to be summoned individually to parliament , and the representatives of the clergy attended parliament long after they ceased in 1322 to assent there to clerical taxation .
prelates , of course , continued to be summoned individually to parliament , and the representatives of the clergy attended parliament long after they [stopped] in 1322 to assent there to clerical taxation .

Actually , however , the cameras at Wimbledon have ceased to function , and the television is showing a recording of last year 's match .
actually , however , the cameras at wimbledon have [stopped] to function , and the television is showing a recording of last year 's match .

Or again , considering ( 4 ) , there is no fixed length for turns in conversation , and sometimes one participant holds the floor for some time ; yet although we might call a turn of four minutes part of a conversation , we would consider conversation to have ceased if someone talked for an hour and a half .
or again , considering ( 4 ) , there is no fixed length for turns in conversation , and sometimes one participant holds the floor for some time ; yet although we might call a turn of four minutes part of a conversation , we would consider conversation to have [stopped] if someone talked for an hour and a half .

With a lurch , the vibration ceased .
with a lurch , the vibration [stopped] .

They had ceased .
they had [stopped] .

My son 's camera scarcely ceased its clicking .
my son 's camera scarcely [stopped] its clicking .

He had ceased wanting her .
he had [stopped] wanting her .

And then ceased trying to erase the distance between them .
and then [stopped] trying to erase the distance between them .

Long after Branson had moved his office to the houseboat Duende and was seldom to be seen by most of the Virgin staff ; long after he had ceased to know everyone by name , or even by sight , Branson himself would continue to refer to a special Virgin ‘ atmosphere ’ , barely perceivable to the outside world .
long after branson had moved his office to the houseboat duende and was seldom to be seen by most of the virgin staff ; long after he had [stopped] to know everyone by name , or even by sight , branson himself would continue to refer to a special virgin ‘ atmosphere ’ , barely perceivable to the outside world .

Virgin had long ago ceased to be simply in the music business ; it was now in that most Eighties of concepts , the lifestyle business .
virgin had long ago [stopped] to be simply in the music business ; it was now in that most eighties of concepts , the lifestyle business .

She contends that the tenant ceased to be a statutory tenant for the purposes of the subsection when the possession order was made in the county court or , alternatively , when the possession order took effect or , alternatively , when her client applied for the warrant of execution .
she contends that the tenant [stopped] to be a statutory tenant for the purposes of the subsection when the possession order was made in the county court or , alternatively , when the possession order took effect or , alternatively , when her client applied for the warrant of execution .

There is also the problem , if Miss Marshall is correct , that you would have a situation arising where , once a statutory tenancy had ceased to exist on an order for possession being made , it would be revived if the court were to exercise the powers which are contained in subsection ( 4 ) of section 100 , subsection ( 4 ) providing :
there is also the problem , if miss marshall is correct , that you would have a situation arising where , once a statutory tenancy had [stopped] to exist on an order for possession being made , it would be revived if the court were to exercise the powers which are contained in subsection ( 4 ) of section 100 , subsection ( 4 ) providing :

The former government of President Siad Barre has ceased to exist and she has received no accreditation or authority from any other government .
the former government of president siad barre has [stopped] to exist and she has received no accreditation or authority from any other government .

‘ In determining the total liability of an institution to a depositor for the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above , or the liability or total liability of an institution to a depositor for the purposes of subsection ( 2 ) above , no account shall be taken of any liability in respect of a deposit if … ( c ) the institution is a former authorised institution and the deposit was made after it ceased to be an authorised institution or a recognised bank or licensed institution under the Banking Act 1979 unless , at the time the deposit was made , the depositor did not know and could not reasonably be expected to have known that it had ceased to be an authorised institution , recognised bank or licensed institution . ’
‘ in determining the total liability of an institution to a depositor for the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) above , or the liability or total liability of an institution to a depositor for the purposes of subsection ( 2 ) above , no account shall be taken of any liability in respect of a deposit if … ( c ) the institution is a former authorised institution and the deposit was made after it [stopped] to be an authorised institution or a recognised bank or licensed institution under the banking act 1979 unless , at the time the deposit was made , the depositor did not know and could not reasonably be expected to have known that it had [stopped] to be an authorised institution , recognised bank or licensed institution . ’

The plaintiff had originally brought the action also against other defendants , seeking relief in the same terms as against the fourth and fifth defendants , but before action came to trial those defendants Norfolk Line Ltd. , Kent Line Ltd. , Transit Freights Ltd. and Britholdings Ltd. , ceased to be parties to the action .
the plaintiff had originally brought the action also against other defendants , seeking relief in the same terms as against the fourth and fifth defendants , but before action came to trial those defendants norfolk line ltd. , kent line ltd. , transit freights ltd. and britholdings ltd. , [stopped] to be parties to the action .

There would have been less practical difficulty about saying that trade ceased when business ceased actively to be carried on , because there was a further period of a year during which a petition could be presented .
there would have been less practical difficulty about saying that trade [stopped] when business [stopped] actively to be carried on , because there was a further period of a year during which a petition could be presented .

Most of the Gloucestershire units ceased to exist in 1808 with the introduction of the Local Militia which absorbed them .
most of the gloucestershire units [stopped] to exist in 1808 with the introduction of the local militia which absorbed them .

In fact , there were four distinct varieties , which he regarded as separate races , of subspecies , which had over a period of time become cut off from each other and ceased to interbreed .
in fact , there were four distinct varieties , which he regarded as separate races , of subspecies , which had over a period of time become cut off from each other and [stopped] to interbreed .

( 1 ) Where the holder of a licence under this Part of this Act subsequently ceases to be the manager of the canteen , the person for the time being in charge of the canteen may , during the period of 14 days from the date on which the holder of the licence ceased to be the manager , sell alcoholic liquor in the canteen as if that licence had been transferred to him .
( 1 ) where the holder of a licence under this part of this act subsequently ceases to be the manager of the canteen , the person for the time being in charge of the canteen may , during the period of 14 days from the date on which the holder of the licence [stopped] to be the manager , sell alcoholic liquor in the canteen as if that licence had been transferred to him .

Where the holder of a canteen licence ceases to manage the canteen , the person who is in charge for the time being can , for a period of 14 days from the date `` when the holder ceased to be manager , sell liquor as if the licence had been transferred to him .
where the holder of a canteen licence ceases to manage the canteen , the person who is in charge for the time being can , for a period of 14 days from the date `` when the holder [stopped] to be manager , sell liquor as if the licence had been transferred to him .

The transient errors induced by a manoeuvre can cause pressure-dependent instruments to misread for up to three seconds at low altitude and up to ten seconds at altitudes of the order of 30,000 feet after movement of the control surfaces has effectively ceased .
the transient errors induced by a manoeuvre can cause pressure-dependent instruments to misread for up to three seconds at low altitude and up to ten seconds at altitudes of the order of 30,000 feet after movement of the control surfaces has effectively [stopped] .

By this time the looting of the orphanage had ceased because everything removable had already been removed .
by this time the looting of the orphanage had [stopped] because everything removable had already been removed .

He had long ago ceased to ask himself why .
he had long ago [stopped] to ask himself why .

Immediately the cries ceased and Debbie 's moist mouth , opening and shutting like a fish , sought her breast , the small wrinkled fists freed from the blanket , unfurled to clutch against her crumpled nightdress .
immediately the cries [stopped] and debbie 's moist mouth , opening and shutting like a fish , sought her breast , the small wrinkled fists freed from the blanket , unfurled to clutch against her crumpled nightdress .

Most of those who have studied the twentieth-century constitution have ceased to see it as a living , moving thing that has to be studied historically , that has to be studied in relation to interests and political forces , and that has to be understood within the context of larger developments within society and economy .
most of those who have studied the twentieth-century constitution have [stopped] to see it as a living , moving thing that has to be studied historically , that has to be studied in relation to interests and political forces , and that has to be understood within the context of larger developments within society and economy .

Bagehot argued that the King and the House of Lords had ceased to exercise power and had become simply dignified parts of the constitution .
bagehot argued that the king and the house of lords had [stopped] to exercise power and had become simply dignified parts of the constitution .

Democracy ceased to embody the cry from below for the overthrow of the limited liberal state and the competitive market society to which it was connected .
democracy [stopped] to embody the cry from below for the overthrow of the limited liberal state and the competitive market society to which it was connected .

The Church had ceased to be monolithic ; the social structure of Europe had become more fluid .
the church had [stopped] to be monolithic ; the social structure of europe had become more fluid .

Opera soon ceased to be a severely intellectual form of art and with the opening of the first public opera-house in Venice in 1637 it ceased to be an exclusively aristocratic one , though it seldom flourished without princely or aristocratic support .
opera soon [stopped] to be a severely intellectual form of art and with the opening of the first public opera-house in venice in 1637 it [stopped] to be an exclusively aristocratic one , though it seldom flourished without princely or aristocratic support .

But intimate , self-centred poetry on the one hand and heaven-storming energy on the other conquered music north of the Alps and Italian music gradually ceased to be pan-European .
but intimate , self-centred poetry on the one hand and heaven-storming energy on the other conquered music north of the alps and italian music gradually [stopped] to be pan-european .

The ensemble canzon soon ceased to lean on specific chansons and developed a style of its own , uncluttered by the ornamentation of the keyboard canzon or the contrapuntal science of the ricercar , a style which Praetorius characterized in his Syntagma as ‘ fresh , gay and quick ’ ( frisch , frölich und geschwinde ) . It may be illustrated by the opening of Merulo 's ‘ La Zerata ’ ( transcribed as ‘ La Gratiosa ’ in the 1592 book ) :
the ensemble canzon soon [stopped] to lean on specific chansons and developed a style of its own , uncluttered by the ornamentation of the keyboard canzon or the contrapuntal science of the ricercar , a style which praetorius characterized in his syntagma as ‘ fresh , gay and quick ’ ( frisch , frölich und geschwinde ) . it may be illustrated by the opening of merulo 's ‘ la zerata ’ ( transcribed as ‘ la gratiosa ’ in the 1592 book ) :

‘ Oh , Roman … ’ It was a shaky whisper against his shoulder , and then she ceased to think at all , simply shut her eyes and let the hot , sweet river of desire flow unchecked through her veins and her limbs and her bloodstream .
‘ oh , roman … ’ it was a shaky whisper against his shoulder , and then she [stopped] to think at all , simply shut her eyes and let the hot , sweet river of desire flow unchecked through her veins and her limbs and her bloodstream .

’ Charles had long since ceased to delude himself that he had any immovable principles on anything , but he felt something approaching that on the subject of abortion .
’ charles had long since [stopped] to delude himself that he had any immovable principles on anything , but he felt something approaching that on the subject of abortion .

In theory they were writing a book on the actors , but long since the fascination of collection for its own sake had taken over and work on the collation of evidence ceased .
in theory they were writing a book on the actors , but long since the fascination of collection for its own sake had taken over and work on the collation of evidence [stopped] .

But as he tried to think of his work ( Charles had long since ceased to grace it with the name of ‘ his career ’ ) , his thoughts kept returning to the Steen situation .
but as he tried to think of his work ( charles had long since [stopped] to grace it with the name of ‘ his career ’ ) , his thoughts kept returning to the steen situation .

It was when the laughter ceased altogether that one had to worry .
it was when the laughter [stopped] altogether that one had to worry .

As land gradually ceased to be the major source of middle class wealth , and as salaries became more important , so marriage ceased to be an essentially dynastic settlement between two kin groups and it became possible to grant women more freedom , both emotional ( to marry whom they wished ) and legal , within marriage .
as land gradually [stopped] to be the major source of middle class wealth , and as salaries became more important , so marriage [stopped] to be an essentially dynastic settlement between two kin groups and it became possible to grant women more freedom , both emotional ( to marry whom they wished ) and legal , within marriage .

Judicial restraint or inactivity continued after hostilities had ceased .
judicial restraint or inactivity continued after hostilities had [stopped] .

Atmospheric tests by the United States , the Soviet Union , and the United Kingdom ceased with the signing of the Partial Test-Ban Treaty of 1963 although other countries such as France and China continue to undertake such tests .
atmospheric tests by the united states , the soviet union , and the united kingdom [stopped] with the signing of the partial test-ban treaty of 1963 although other countries such as france and china continue to undertake such tests .

By the later nineteenth century , these dangers were much less ; and perhaps more striking is Davy 's other remark , about how in his lifetime chemistry had ceased to be a science of furnaces and large quantities , and had become an activity to be carried on with spirit-lamps and test-tubes in the drawing room .
by the later nineteenth century , these dangers were much less ; and perhaps more striking is davy 's other remark , about how in his lifetime chemistry had [stopped] to be a science of furnaces and large quantities , and had become an activity to be carried on with spirit-lamps and test-tubes in the drawing room .

Journals which published it , and editors who included it , ceased to be fully respectable ; this message got through to Crookes , and he stopped his active propaganda , though apparently never ceasing to believe that some of the phenomena he had witnessed , often in distinguished and reliable company , were genuine .
journals which published it , and editors who included it , [stopped] to be fully respectable ; this message got through to crookes , and he stopped his active propaganda , though apparently never ceasing to believe that some of the phenomena he had witnessed , often in distinguished and reliable company , were genuine .

The accordion had ceased .
the accordion had [stopped] .

As Snizort and the Court sat , barely moving , the Trees seemed to become aware of the watchers and , one by one , ceased to move and turned to regard them .
as snizort and the court sat , barely moving , the trees seemed to become aware of the watchers and , one by one , [stopped] to move and turned to regard them .

The Conservative government ultimately appointed a Housing Commissioner to take over responsibility for the housing function but in 1974 the local authority ceased to exist as a result of local government reorganization .
the conservative government ultimately appointed a housing commissioner to take over responsibility for the housing function but in 1974 the local authority [stopped] to exist as a result of local government reorganization .

Then he would suddenly realize that the typing had ceased .
then he would suddenly realize that the typing had [stopped] .

After a time , the nightly footsteps inside the Grail Castle ceased to trouble Grainne .
after a time , the nightly footsteps inside the grail castle [stopped] to trouble grainne .

As the artefacts and problems of the early research became apparent , and bubble scientific reputations were painfully pricked , the rush of researchers into the field ceased and then reversed .
as the artefacts and problems of the early research became apparent , and bubble scientific reputations were painfully pricked , the rush of researchers into the field [stopped] and then reversed .

For 20 years a small oil industry based on South Georgia elephant seals , which ended when commercial whaling from the island ceased in 1963 , was also well managed on sound biological principles .
for 20 years a small oil industry based on south georgia elephant seals , which ended when commercial whaling from the island [stopped] in 1963 , was also well managed on sound biological principles .

Would her mother soon be with Patrick , the child she had never ceased to mourn ?
would her mother soon be with patrick , the child she had never [stopped] to mourn ?

The air-scream ceased .
the air-scream [stopped] .

On current spending education was essentially stabilised in real volume terms for over a decade , and the rates of growth in health and personal social services slowed down or ceased for some periods .
on current spending education was essentially stabilised in real volume terms for over a decade , and the rates of growth in health and personal social services slowed down or [stopped] for some periods .

At the other end of the income spectrum , various social security benefits that were once relieved of taxation ceased to be so in the mid-1980s .
at the other end of the income spectrum , various social security benefits that were once relieved of taxation [stopped] to be so in the mid-1980s .

Internally the equine similarities ceased .
internally the equine similarities [stopped] .

He had given up writing poetry and had been living the duplicitous life of a critic deciphering his own works , but when he fell in love with Howard 's wife Elizabeth his former self was reawakened and he ceased to believe in his own existence .
he had given up writing poetry and had been living the duplicitous life of a critic deciphering his own works , but when he fell in love with howard 's wife elizabeth his former self was reawakened and he [stopped] to believe in his own existence .

From Textermination , by Mira Enketei ’ ( 98 ) , of all the characters who have completely ceased to exist because they are no longer read .
from textermination , by mira enketei ’ ( 98 ) , of all the characters who have completely [stopped] to exist because they are no longer read .

She never ceased to amaze Dexter with her ability to do several things at the same time — perhaps too many things , he thought , regarding her dishevelled hair and the flush of stress in her cheeks .
she never [stopped] to amaze dexter with her ability to do several things at the same time — perhaps too many things , he thought , regarding her dishevelled hair and the flush of stress in her cheeks .

No respite followed : though the nightmare ceased ,
no respite followed : though the nightmare [stopped] ,

The Government really does believe that tenants have fallen victim to what William Waldegrave , who ceased to be Minister of Housing halfway through the Bill , called the dread drug of dependency .
the government really does believe that tenants have fallen victim to what william waldegrave , who [stopped] to be minister of housing halfway through the bill , called the dread drug of dependency .

In Brixton consultative machinery involving the police and community leaders had ceased to function .
in brixton consultative machinery involving the police and community leaders had [stopped] to function .

To this extent the ‘ deterrence theory ’ has ceased to work .
to this extent the ‘ deterrence theory ’ has [stopped] to work .

He never ceased to wonder at the irony of expecting miracles from a reliquary in which her bones had once lain for only three days and nights , before being returned reverently to her native Welsh earth ; and even more to be wondered at , the infinite mercy that had transmitted grace through all those miles between , forgiven the presence of a sorry human sinner in the coffin she had quitted , and let the radiance of miracle remain invisibly about her altar , unpredictable , accessible , a shade wanton in where it gave and where it denied , as the stuff of miracles is liable to be , at least to the human view .
he never [stopped] to wonder at the irony of expecting miracles from a reliquary in which her bones had once lain for only three days and nights , before being returned reverently to her native welsh earth ; and even more to be wondered at , the infinite mercy that had transmitted grace through all those miles between , forgiven the presence of a sorry human sinner in the coffin she had quitted , and let the radiance of miracle remain invisibly about her altar , unpredictable , accessible , a shade wanton in where it gave and where it denied , as the stuff of miracles is liable to be , at least to the human view .

And presently revulsion gave way to indifference : he ceased to see the flaunted female bodies of advertisements and magazines because they had nothing to do with him , they were irrelevant .
and presently revulsion gave way to indifference : he [stopped] to see the flaunted female bodies of advertisements and magazines because they had nothing to do with him , they were irrelevant .

What is more , the table is remarkable in revealing a progressively better record for successively smaller sizes of factory ( although medium-sized factories ceased to fall in number in the mid 1980s , and all figures are influenced by contracting units moving from a larger to a smaller category ) .
what is more , the table is remarkable in revealing a progressively better record for successively smaller sizes of factory ( although medium-sized factories [stopped] to fall in number in the mid 1980s , and all figures are influenced by contracting units moving from a larger to a smaller category ) .

Public-sector employment ceased to become a growth sector across the map of Britain from 1977 .
public-sector employment [stopped] to become a growth sector across the map of britain from 1977 .

The Rent and Mortgage Restriction Act , 1915 , fixed rents at the levels obtaining in 1914 , and although it was introduced as a wartime emergency measure , it became politically impossible to repeal after hostilities ceased .
the rent and mortgage restriction act , 1915 , fixed rents at the levels obtaining in 1914 , and although it was introduced as a wartime emergency measure , it became politically impossible to repeal after hostilities [stopped] .

Local government ceased to be regarded as an indispensable deliverer of services ; it had become part of the intractable problem of the late twentieth-century urban crisis .
local government [stopped] to be regarded as an indispensable deliverer of services ; it had become part of the intractable problem of the late twentieth-century urban crisis .

‘ Look … look … ’ Gilbert ceased struggling , realising that Cardiff would not let him go until he knew more .
‘ look … look … ’ gilbert [stopped] struggling , realising that cardiff would not let him go until he knew more .

Gilbert had joined Jimmy on his knees , clutching at his head and shaking it madly , even though the noise had ceased .
gilbert had joined jimmy on his knees , clutching at his head and shaking it madly , even though the noise had [stopped] .

Down below , in the darkness of the stairwell , the bellowing and thrashing had ceased .
down below , in the darkness of the stairwell , the bellowing and thrashing had [stopped] .

And then the crackling explosions and shattering of glass ceased .
and then the crackling explosions and shattering of glass [stopped] .

She realized that the mechanics of his deceitful nature would function whatever he truly felt , that the conveyor-belt of lies would continue to be fed even when the demand for them had ceased to exist .
she realized that the mechanics of his deceitful nature would function whatever he truly felt , that the conveyor-belt of lies would continue to be fed even when the demand for them had [stopped] to exist .

One of the men at the head of the table brought his hand down hard on the table-top and the sound ceased .
one of the men at the head of the table brought his hand down hard on the table-top and the sound [stopped] .

From above him the sounds of movement had all but ceased ; only the creak of a solitary floorboard broke the silence now .
from above him the sounds of movement had all but [stopped] ; only the creak of a solitary floorboard broke the silence now .

By about 1930 she had ceased painting , though for several more years she made small , colourful , increasingly abstract water-colours .
by about 1930 she had [stopped] painting , though for several more years she made small , colourful , increasingly abstract water-colours .

When his patron ceased to be Parliament 's lord admiral , with the passage of the self-denying ordinance in 1645 , Jessop stayed on as secretary to the Admiralty commissioners , holding this post until the demise of the Rump Parliament in 1653 .
when his patron [stopped] to be parliament 's lord admiral , with the passage of the self-denying ordinance in 1645 , jessop stayed on as secretary to the admiralty commissioners , holding this post until the demise of the rump parliament in 1653 .

Rothbury ceased to be clerk of the council when he was appointed a justice of the court of King 's Bench in 1295 , but he remained clerk of Parliament till at least 1307 and perhaps as late as 1314 .
rothbury [stopped] to be clerk of the council when he was appointed a justice of the court of king 's bench in 1295 , but he remained clerk of parliament till at least 1307 and perhaps as late as 1314 .

He held the office until his death although he ceased to officiate in the House of Lords at the dissolution of Parliament in March 1629 .
he held the office until his death although he [stopped] to officiate in the house of lords at the dissolution of parliament in march 1629 .

By 1837 he had ceased acting as a certifying surgeon , which involved some conflict of interest .
by 1837 he had [stopped] acting as a certifying surgeon , which involved some conflict of interest .

There he wrote Valentino : an Historical Romance of the Sixteenth Century , published in 1885 , the year when he ceased to hold his diplomatic office .
there he wrote valentino : an historical romance of the sixteenth century , published in 1885 , the year when he [stopped] to hold his diplomatic office .

As a result , the Glasgow Orpheus Choir , so totally identified throughout its life with just one man , ceased to exist .
as a result , the glasgow orpheus choir , so totally identified throughout its life with just one man , [stopped] to exist .

In 1918 he virtually ceased to practise , and in the early 1920s moved to live with his sister in Northwood , Middlesex , where he died 26 December 1928 .
in 1918 he virtually [stopped] to practise , and in the early 1920s moved to live with his sister in northwood , middlesex , where he died 26 december 1928 .

Unfortunately the new machines were not sufficiently reliable , and about ten years later the mill ceased production .
unfortunately the new machines were not sufficiently reliable , and about ten years later the mill [stopped] production .

These fictions had ceased before a whisky-sodden Brown died of erysipelas at Windsor Castle , 27 March 1883 .
these fictions had [stopped] before a whisky-sodden brown died of erysipelas at windsor castle , 27 march 1883 .

With so many commitments it is understandable that he ceased rather early in his career to show his work in public exhibitions , but he still found time to pursue other interests .
with so many commitments it is understandable that he [stopped] rather early in his career to show his work in public exhibitions , but he still found time to pursue other interests .

In 1825 and 1827 Hill founded , successively , continuing local associations of the Church Missionary Society and of the Society for Promoting Christianity among the Jews , effectively advancing each as its active secretary until he ceased to reside in the university .
in 1825 and 1827 hill founded , successively , continuing local associations of the church missionary society and of the society for promoting christianity among the jews , effectively advancing each as its active secretary until he [stopped] to reside in the university .

He lit a cigarette and gazed at the page of his book until the printed words ceased to dance about .
he lit a cigarette and gazed at the page of his book until the printed words [stopped] to dance about .

Gratitude because of the unhesitating generosity with which Doreen gave him the hospitality of her body ; responsibility because he had ceased to be a passing visitor to that body , taking what he could get , and had become a guest , leaving behind something as a token of their intimacy .
gratitude because of the unhesitating generosity with which doreen gave him the hospitality of her body ; responsibility because he had [stopped] to be a passing visitor to that body , taking what he could get , and had become a guest , leaving behind something as a token of their intimacy .

Buses , of course , had ceased running hours ago , so Mark was forced to carry his bags to his home , a mile away .
buses , of course , had [stopped] running hours ago , so mark was forced to carry his bags to his home , a mile away .

Shareholders have ceased to be regarded as having equitable interests in the company 's assets ; ‘ shareholders are not , in the eyes of the law , part owners of the undertaking .
shareholders have [stopped] to be regarded as having equitable interests in the company 's assets ; ‘ shareholders are not , in the eyes of the law , part owners of the undertaking .

In addition to showing the name and address of every member and the date on which he was registered as a member or ceased to be a member , in the case of a company with a share capital the register must also state the number and class of shares ( or amount of stock ) held by him and the amount paid-up on each share .
in addition to showing the name and address of every member and the date on which he was registered as a member or [stopped] to be a member , in the case of a company with a share capital the register must also state the number and class of shares ( or amount of stock ) held by him and the amount paid-up on each share .

‘ ( a ) the name of any person is without sufficient cause entered in or omitted from a company 's register of members , or ( b ) default is made or unnecessary delay takes place in entering on the register the fact of any person having ceased to be a member , the person aggrieved or any member of the company , or the company may apply to the court for rectification of the register .
‘ ( a ) the name of any person is without sufficient cause entered in or omitted from a company 's register of members , or ( b ) default is made or unnecessary delay takes place in entering on the register the fact of any person having [stopped] to be a member , the person aggrieved or any member of the company , or the company may apply to the court for rectification of the register .

In other circumstances all that needs to be done if the transaction is a domestic one , whereby , say , a shareholder transfers his holding as a gift to a member of his family or sells it to an acquaintance , is for the transferor to hand over to the transferee a signed share transfer together with the share certificate which the transferee will lodge with the company and the register will then be amended by adding the transferee and noting that the transferor has ceased to be a member or shareholder in respect of the shares .
in other circumstances all that needs to be done if the transaction is a domestic one , whereby , say , a shareholder transfers his holding as a gift to a member of his family or sells it to an acquaintance , is for the transferor to hand over to the transferee a signed share transfer together with the share certificate which the transferee will lodge with the company and the register will then be amended by adding the transferee and noting that the transferor has [stopped] to be a member or shareholder in respect of the shares .

But there may be legitimate reasons for incorporating a company which is intended to remain dormant indefinitely or for retaining on the register a company which for the time being has ceased to carry on business but which the members may wish to use at some time in the future for the same or some different business .
but there may be legitimate reasons for incorporating a company which is intended to remain dormant indefinitely or for retaining on the register a company which for the time being has [stopped] to carry on business but which the members may wish to use at some time in the future for the same or some different business .

the most important time aspect of a planation surface is from the latest possible time of initiation of the cycle that produced it to the earliest possible time that it ceased being shaped ( i.e. its terminal date ) because of either burial or uplift ;
the most important time aspect of a planation surface is from the latest possible time of initiation of the cycle that produced it to the earliest possible time that it [stopped] being shaped ( i.e. its terminal date ) because of either burial or uplift ;

Its impact could probably have been even greater but it ceased to become available to students by 1980 and this was unfortunate when many much less meritorious texts have soldiered on !
its impact could probably have been even greater but it [stopped] to become available to students by 1980 and this was unfortunate when many much less meritorious texts have soldiered on !

The Ahaggar is also volcanic , but activity ceased earlier than in the Tibesti and it is now more degraded , although the wrecks of the ancient volcanoes still reach to about 3000 m ( 10,000 ft ) .
the ahaggar is also volcanic , but activity [stopped] earlier than in the tibesti and it is now more degraded , although the wrecks of the ancient volcanoes still reach to about 3000 m ( 10,000 ft ) .

For example , the valley on the west side of the Nile at Luxor containing the Tombs of the Kings appears to be a water-eroded valley , but the tombs themselves show no signs of destructive water action : this means that water action of any significance probably ceased at least 4 000 years ago ( Hume , 1925 )
for example , the valley on the west side of the nile at luxor containing the tombs of the kings appears to be a water-eroded valley , but the tombs themselves show no signs of destructive water action : this means that water action of any significance probably [stopped] at least 4 000 years ago ( hume , 1925 )

Subsistence crises ceased after the 1850s and their disappearance can be linked directly with the rise of the railways .
subsistence crises [stopped] after the 1850s and their disappearance can be linked directly with the rise of the railways .

They ceased to be fortresses protected by strong doors and iron bars and became elegant shops with windows in place of grilles .
they [stopped] to be fortresses protected by strong doors and iron bars and became elegant shops with windows in place of grilles .

The limit in respect of advice in relation to undefended divorce proceedings had been raised to £45 in April 1977 when legal aid ceased to be available for such proceedings and that figure was subsequently raised to £55 in 1979 , £75 in 1981 and £90 in 1985 .
the limit in respect of advice in relation to undefended divorce proceedings had been raised to £45 in april 1977 when legal aid [stopped] to be available for such proceedings and that figure was subsequently raised to £55 in 1979 , £75 in 1981 and £90 in 1985 .

The sounds of battle on the outer wall ceased , and the night was quiet except for fidgeting on the catwalk .
the sounds of battle on the outer wall [stopped] , and the night was quiet except for fidgeting on the catwalk .

His limbs ceased to complain about the riding , and he slept more easily on the hard ground at night .
his limbs [stopped] to complain about the riding , and he slept more easily on the hard ground at night .

As for school libraries , the confusion caused by the complexity of educational change and the financial problems of local education authorities make it easy to believe that they have virtually ceased functioning .
as for school libraries , the confusion caused by the complexity of educational change and the financial problems of local education authorities make it easy to believe that they have virtually [stopped] functioning .

True , it had taken her several minutes to decide whether the keys should be bunched or splayed but she had ceased fidgeting with them and settled into an abnormal quietude .
true , it had taken her several minutes to decide whether the keys should be bunched or splayed but she had [stopped] fidgeting with them and settled into an abnormal quietude .

In matrimonial law , the courts have recognised that cohabitation may have ceased even where the parties live in the same dwelling , provided that they are no longer ‘ living with each other in the same household .
in matrimonial law , the courts have recognised that cohabitation may have [stopped] even where the parties live in the same dwelling , provided that they are no longer ‘ living with each other in the same household .

Once rape ceased to be a capital offence , however , the judges became willing to broaden its scope .
once rape [stopped] to be a capital offence , however , the judges became willing to broaden its scope .

Swayne 's fingers ceased sorting his stamps and he gave Wycliffe his full attention .
swayne 's fingers [stopped] sorting his stamps and he gave wycliffe his full attention .

The shed where Riddle 's clothes had been found was ahead of him ; the land hereabouts was divided into little fields bounded by dry-stone walls , but cultivation had ceased long ago and the fields were choked with bracken and bramble .
the shed where riddle 's clothes had been found was ahead of him ; the land hereabouts was divided into little fields bounded by dry-stone walls , but cultivation had [stopped] long ago and the fields were choked with bracken and bramble .

‘ But clear that shit up , first , ’ he said , nodding toward her fallen tray and its spillage , and then he swung his chairback around to her as if she 'd ceased to exist .
‘ but clear that shit up , first , ’ he said , nodding toward her fallen tray and its spillage , and then he swung his chairback around to her as if she 'd [stopped] to exist .

Passenger services on the Leith Branch Line ceased on 30 April 1962 with goods services closing in stages in 1965 ( Crewe junction–Pilton West ) , 1966 ( south of Newhaven–Seafield ) , 1967 ( west of Newhaven–Crewe junction–Coltbridge junction ) , 1968 ( east of Newhaven–Leith ) , 1986 ( north of Pilton West–Granton ) .
passenger services on the leith branch line [stopped] on 30 april 1962 with goods services closing in stages in 1965 ( crewe junction–pilton west ) , 1966 ( south of newhaven–seafield ) , 1967 ( west of newhaven–crewe junction–coltbridge junction ) , 1968 ( east of newhaven–leith ) , 1986 ( north of pilton west–granton ) .

Maculinea arion died out from West Country hedges and fields as farmers ceased to graze livestock on scrub-land .
maculinea arion died out from west country hedges and fields as farmers [stopped] to graze livestock on scrub-land .

( c ) where the Panel has refused or ceased to recognise a person as an exempt market-maker or exempt fund manager ; and
( c ) where the panel has refused or [stopped] to recognise a person as an exempt market-maker or exempt fund manager ; and

The plaintiffs relied on an express term set out in the letters of appointments written to the defendants as follows : You will not disclose any of the company 's affairs or any of its subsidiary or associated companies business or trade secrets to a third party either during or after you have ceased to be an employee of the company without the express written consent of the company .
the plaintiffs relied on an express term set out in the letters of appointments written to the defendants as follows : you will not disclose any of the company 's affairs or any of its subsidiary or associated companies business or trade secrets to a third party either during or after you have [stopped] to be an employee of the company without the express written consent of the company .

It is to be noted that even in the case of a fiduciary the ambit of his duty once he has ceased to be for example , a director , is circumscribed .
it is to be noted that even in the case of a fiduciary the ambit of his duty once he has [stopped] to be for example , a director , is circumscribed .

Where goods are not durable , the mischief lies not in the fact that they ceased to perform adequately but rather that , at the date of supply , they did not have the capacity to endure .
where goods are not durable , the mischief lies not in the fact that they [stopped] to perform adequately but rather that , at the date of supply , they did not have the capacity to endure .

As part of their representations on the 1981 Finance Bill , the Law Society recommended that income should not be `` relevant income `` to the extent that it was paid away to some person other than the recipient of the relevant benefit either before or after the receipt of the relevant benefit as it had by then ceased to be available as a source of funds out of which the relevant benefit could be paid .
as part of their representations on the 1981 finance bill , the law society recommended that income should not be `` relevant income `` to the extent that it was paid away to some person other than the recipient of the relevant benefit either before or after the receipt of the relevant benefit as it had by then [stopped] to be available as a source of funds out of which the relevant benefit could be paid .

Technical Division confirmed that their view was that such income ceased to be relevant income .
technical division confirmed that their view was that such income [stopped] to be relevant income .

In dogs over three months of age , the hepatic-tracheal migration occurs less frequently , and at six months it has almost ceased .
in dogs over three months of age , the hepatic-tracheal migration occurs less frequently , and at six months it has almost [stopped] .

The truth was , she thought with a pang , that since Paul had ceased to be part of her life she had n't felt the desire or the need for any kind of social life , apart from the occasional visit to a pub with colleagues .
the truth was , she thought with a pang , that since paul had [stopped] to be part of her life she had n't felt the desire or the need for any kind of social life , apart from the occasional visit to a pub with colleagues .

His mouth ceased its feverish searching as he raised his head to look at her . ‘ But the job … your uncle … ’
his mouth [stopped] its feverish searching as he raised his head to look at her . ‘ but the job … your uncle … ’

The Comintern policy was applied in Britain on the theoretical grounds that the Labour Party had ceased to be a federation and that `` the Labour Party was in the process of being transformed from a federal organisation to a party of the social democratic type `` .
the comintern policy was applied in britain on the theoretical grounds that the labour party had [stopped] to be a federation and that `` the labour party was in the process of being transformed from a federal organisation to a party of the social democratic type `` .

The Soviet Union and Germany signed a nonaggression pact and Soviet propaganda against Fascism completely ceased .
the soviet union and germany signed a nonaggression pact and soviet propaganda against fascism completely [stopped] .

As an example , if there is a gain on the sale of a property owned equally for fifteen years , occupied for the first ten years by both husband and wife and for the last five years by only the wife , there is complete exemption on the one-half share occupied by the wife throughout , and a chargeable gain to the extent of two-fifteenths of the gain on the other half ( the chargeable years being the five years after occupation had ceased less the 36 months ) .
as an example , if there is a gain on the sale of a property owned equally for fifteen years , occupied for the first ten years by both husband and wife and for the last five years by only the wife , there is complete exemption on the one-half share occupied by the wife throughout , and a chargeable gain to the extent of two-fifteenths of the gain on the other half ( the chargeable years being the five years after occupation had [stopped] less the 36 months ) .

If the husband elects that his `` new `` home is to be treated as his main residence , then the disposal to the wife of the former matrimonial home ( or his interest in it ) will give rise to a charge to capital gains tax ; this will be on the gain accruing in respect of the period from when the matrimonial home ceased to be his main residence until the date of the court order or date of agreement between the parties .
if the husband elects that his `` new `` home is to be treated as his main residence , then the disposal to the wife of the former matrimonial home ( or his interest in it ) will give rise to a charge to capital gains tax ; this will be on the gain accruing in respect of the period from when the matrimonial home [stopped] to be his main residence until the date of the court order or date of agreement between the parties .

Because the fingers within her own warm hands ceased to flutter agitatedly , a brief smile flickering over the other girl 's pale face as she seemed to drift off into a more comfortable , easy sleep .
because the fingers within her own warm hands [stopped] to flutter agitatedly , a brief smile flickering over the other girl 's pale face as she seemed to drift off into a more comfortable , easy sleep .

And now , to this man , she had ceased to exist .
and now , to this man , she had [stopped] to exist .

For a long moment they stared at each other and it was as if the body language they had shared in the pool had ceased to be a game and the strained politeness of the last week had never been .
for a long moment they stared at each other and it was as if the body language they had shared in the pool had [stopped] to be a game and the strained politeness of the last week had never been .

Third , to deal with mineral workings where the working itself has ceased but the planning consent still remains outstanding .
third , to deal with mineral workings where the working itself has [stopped] but the planning consent still remains outstanding .

To Willi and Gerda she had been no more than a romantic inspiration , a cardboard figure of tinsel who ceased to exist when the curtain came down .
to willi and gerda she had been no more than a romantic inspiration , a cardboard figure of tinsel who [stopped] to exist when the curtain came down .

He had centre front stage , his voice projected forward over Therese 's , and he ceased to make any attempt to act out the plotted movements with her .
he had centre front stage , his voice projected forward over therese 's , and he [stopped] to make any attempt to act out the plotted movements with her .

In fact , in 1989 the Abbey National Building Society became a public limited company and thereby ceased to be a building society , becoming instead a bank .
in fact , in 1989 the abbey national building society became a public limited company and thereby [stopped] to be a building society , becoming instead a bank .

The world had ceased to exist .
the world had [stopped] to exist .

’ The simple explanation would appear to be that Jacques worked in the family business on the rue du Harlay with his father and older brother Jean , Martin 's successor in 1712 , until Jean 's death in 1720 , when , as noted above , the workshop ceased , at which time the remaining stock would have been liquidated for reasons of inheritance .
’ the simple explanation would appear to be that jacques worked in the family business on the rue du harlay with his father and older brother jean , martin 's successor in 1712 , until jean 's death in 1720 , when , as noted above , the workshop [stopped] , at which time the remaining stock would have been liquidated for reasons of inheritance .

Overnight they ceased to exist .
overnight they [stopped] to exist .

As she listened the furtive sounds ceased .
as she listened the furtive sounds [stopped] .

All heartbeat ceased .
all heartbeat [stopped] .

‘ What ? ’ Her struggles ceased , her head snapping back , staring in shock , her heart pounding harder and harder . ‘ What … ? ’
‘ what ? ’ her struggles [stopped] , her head snapping back , staring in shock , her heart pounding harder and harder . ‘ what … ? ’

At that moment , however , the housekeeper entered the dining-room , and conversation ceased for the moment while Mrs Novakova exchanged their used dishes for fresh ones .
at that moment , however , the housekeeper entered the dining-room , and conversation [stopped] for the moment while mrs novakova exchanged their used dishes for fresh ones .

Time ceased for a while for them as they kissed and held each other .
time [stopped] for a while for them as they kissed and held each other .

He had no doubt played here when he was a child , climbed trees , even swam in the river that … Abruptly , Leith 's thoughts ceased .
he had no doubt played here when he was a child , climbed trees , even swam in the river that … abruptly , leith 's thoughts [stopped] .

Once the two continents have been welded together and active volcanism and tectonic uplift have ceased , a new plate is created in which the orogenic belt formed becomes an intra-plate feature no longer associated with an active convergent plate boundary .
once the two continents have been welded together and active volcanism and tectonic uplift have [stopped] , a new plate is created in which the orogenic belt formed becomes an intra-plate feature no longer associated with an active convergent plate boundary .

The effect of erosion on volcano morphology is beautifully illustrated in the Hawaiian Islands where the degree of dissection of each island is proportional to the time elapsed since volcanic activity ceased .
the effect of erosion on volcano morphology is beautifully illustrated in the hawaiian islands where the degree of dissection of each island is proportional to the time elapsed since volcanic activity [stopped] .

With the exception of some early state papers in private collections and most notably , the very extensive India Office records , which effectively ceased to be produced in 1948 , the Special Collections of the British Library are for the most part private in their origin and unpredictable in the manner and timing of their acquisition .
with the exception of some early state papers in private collections and most notably , the very extensive india office records , which effectively [stopped] to be produced in 1948 , the special collections of the british library are for the most part private in their origin and unpredictable in the manner and timing of their acquisition .

The very thing for which the bourgeoisie strove , profit , ceased to be an adequate motivation once it had brought sufficient wealth .
the very thing for which the bourgeoisie strove , profit , [stopped] to be an adequate motivation once it had brought sufficient wealth .

The deflation of aggregate demand and the rise in unemployment did appear to reduce the rate of inflation , but once unemployment had settled down at a higher level , the rate of inflation ceased to fall .
the deflation of aggregate demand and the rise in unemployment did appear to reduce the rate of inflation , but once unemployment had settled down at a higher level , the rate of inflation [stopped] to fall .

2.41 He went on to say that it should not be assumed that the wife 's dependency ought to be calculated on the footing that it would have ceased when her husband ceased earning before he reached 65 .
2.41 he went on to say that it should not be assumed that the wife 's dependency ought to be calculated on the footing that it would have [stopped] when her husband [stopped] earning before he reached 65 .

( d ) Post-dissolution profits Section 42 of the Partnership Act is concerned with the rights of outgoing partners in certain cases to share profits made after dissolution : ( 1 ) Where any member of a firm has died or otherwise ceased to be a partner , and the surviving or continuing partners carry on the business of the firm with its capital or assets without any final settlement of accounts as between the firm and the outgoing partner or his estate , then , in the absence of any agreement to the contrary , the outgoing partner or his estate is entitled at the option of himself or his representatives to such share of the profits made since the dissolution as the Court may find to be attributable to the use of his share of the partnership assets , or to interest at the rate of five per cent per annum on the amount of his share of the partnership assets .
( d ) post-dissolution profits section 42 of the partnership act is concerned with the rights of outgoing partners in certain cases to share profits made after dissolution : ( 1 ) where any member of a firm has died or otherwise [stopped] to be a partner , and the surviving or continuing partners carry on the business of the firm with its capital or assets without any final settlement of accounts as between the firm and the outgoing partner or his estate , then , in the absence of any agreement to the contrary , the outgoing partner or his estate is entitled at the option of himself or his representatives to such share of the profits made since the dissolution as the court may find to be attributable to the use of his share of the partnership assets , or to interest at the rate of five per cent per annum on the amount of his share of the partnership assets .

By the time it did satisfy the relevant purpose test ( by having acquired the business ) it had ceased to be close by virtue of the institutions ' investment .
by the time it did satisfy the relevant purpose test ( by having acquired the business ) it had [stopped] to be close by virtue of the institutions ' investment .

In Spence the deadline stipulated by the purchaser for the sale of the business by a receiver had passed and the receiver ceased trading and dismissed the employees .
in spence the deadline stipulated by the purchaser for the sale of the business by a receiver had passed and the receiver [stopped] trading and dismissed the employees .

Royal favor ceased to be an essential condition for forming the Government .
royal favor [stopped] to be an essential condition for forming the government .

Sometimes a feature of the Constitution is discerned as such only at the time when it has just ceased to have much relevance .
sometimes a feature of the constitution is discerned as such only at the time when it has just [stopped] to have much relevance .

Their administrators ceased to hold any sway .
their administrators [stopped] to hold any sway .

The Union of the Crowns did not mean that England and Scotland had ceased to be separate countries .
the union of the crowns did not mean that england and scotland had [stopped] to be separate countries .

Already the burning winds had ceased to blow during the day ; the air had lost its crisp dryness and consequently the heat seemed more oppressive than ever .
already the burning winds had [stopped] to blow during the day ; the air had lost its crisp dryness and consequently the heat seemed more oppressive than ever .

The Collector had been unable to see the latter part of this action , which had taken place in thick yellow dust and smoke ( the snow having mysteriously ceased ) .
the collector had been unable to see the latter part of this action , which had taken place in thick yellow dust and smoke ( the snow having mysteriously [stopped] ) .

Miriam , too , had a painful inflammation on her shoulder which she thought would turn into a boil ; indeed , so many of the garrison now suffered from them that Louise had ceased to feel ashamed .
miriam , too , had a painful inflammation on her shoulder which she thought would turn into a boil ; indeed , so many of the garrison now suffered from them that louise had [stopped] to feel ashamed .

During the same five year period , and following the disastrous Rent Act of 1974 over 400,000 private dwellings ceased to be available for rent .
during the same five year period , and following the disastrous rent act of 1974 over 400,000 private dwellings [stopped] to be available for rent .

For in dropping the source markers the author has , for the moment , ceased to speak with her own voice — ceased to supply the narrative thread ( which is what the source markers do ) — and has let the characters take over .
for in dropping the source markers the author has , for the moment , [stopped] to speak with her own voice — [stopped] to supply the narrative thread ( which is what the source markers do ) — and has let the characters take over .

But in spite of the immense authority which he now possessed , his poetry had ceased to be fashionable or `` chic `` in the way that The Waste Land or even Ash-Wednesday had originally been : the new , or at least young , poets were no longer particularly interested in what he had to show them .
but in spite of the immense authority which he now possessed , his poetry had [stopped] to be fashionable or `` chic `` in the way that the waste land or even ash-wednesday had originally been : the new , or at least young , poets were no longer particularly interested in what he had to show them .

But there was also a growing disaffection among the younger poets and critics : he had ceased to be a poet and had become an institution , and the only thing to do with an institution is to attempt to pull it down .
but there was also a growing disaffection among the younger poets and critics : he had [stopped] to be a poet and had become an institution , and the only thing to do with an institution is to attempt to pull it down .

The sounds of England , the tinkle of the hammer on the anvil in the country smithy , the corncrake on a dewy morning , the sound of the scythe against the whetstone , and the sight of a plough team coming over the brow of a hill , the sight that has been seen in England since England was a land , and may be seen in England long after the Empire has perished and every works in England has ceased to function .
the sounds of england , the tinkle of the hammer on the anvil in the country smithy , the corncrake on a dewy morning , the sound of the scythe against the whetstone , and the sight of a plough team coming over the brow of a hill , the sight that has been seen in england since england was a land , and may be seen in england long after the empire has perished and every works in england has [stopped] to function .

Worse , and more important , it was an England in which he first ceased to have a role , and then a year or so later acquired a minor and disagreeable one .
worse , and more important , it was an england in which he first [stopped] to have a role , and then a year or so later acquired a minor and disagreeable one .

In many of the above examples the claim was that a third party had become bound by the treaty in whole or in part , and had ceased to be a third party .
in many of the above examples the claim was that a third party had become bound by the treaty in whole or in part , and had [stopped] to be a third party .

It never ceased to amaze her that she should have given birth to such tall children . ``
it never [stopped] to amaze her that she should have given birth to such tall children . ``

Sara stopped asking questions about Portugal and ceased to look out of her window in the mornings to see if any new ships had anchored in the lee of Beenbeg Point .
sara stopped asking questions about portugal and [stopped] to look out of her window in the mornings to see if any new ships had anchored in the lee of beenbeg point .

Time `` has ceased , `` space `` has vanished .
time `` has [stopped] , `` space `` has vanished .

Many a manager has ceased to be a leader and has been sucked into the bureaucracy of his organization , effectively ( in many cases ineffectively ) becoming just an administrator of the cumbersome systems within it .
many a manager has [stopped] to be a leader and has been sucked into the bureaucracy of his organization , effectively ( in many cases ineffectively ) becoming just an administrator of the cumbersome systems within it .

In March 1922 Steel-Maitland proposed a strong motion of confidence in Younger that was a clear rebuke to his critics ; Younger lowered the temperature by asking Steel-Maitland to withdraw the motion , but the Executive accepted this only `` on the understanding that Sir Laming Worthington-Evans would make known to his colleagues in the Government that the Committee would bring the matter up again unless the attacks by Ministers on Sir George Younger ceased `` .
in march 1922 steel-maitland proposed a strong motion of confidence in younger that was a clear rebuke to his critics ; younger lowered the temperature by asking steel-maitland to withdraw the motion , but the executive accepted this only `` on the understanding that sir laming worthington-evans would make known to his colleagues in the government that the committee would bring the matter up again unless the attacks by ministers on sir george younger [stopped] `` .

Once , hearing an unaccountable noise in front of him , which ceased on the instant , he kept still for a long time ; and when at last he moved cautiously forward , found Silver crouching behind a tussock of cock's-foot for fear of the sound of his own approach .
once , hearing an unaccountable noise in front of him , which [stopped] on the instant , he kept still for a long time ; and when at last he moved cautiously forward , found silver crouching behind a tussock of cock's-foot for fear of the sound of his own approach .

Leavis himself is by now reduced to an expression of gratitude for the letters page of The Times in `` the world of triumphant modernity , the world of power centres from which the quantity-addicted machinery of civilization is controlled , directed and exploited `` and in which `` literature in the old sense has ceased to matter `` Henceforth the conception of English as a central force for sustaining the national cultural `` heritage `` would become largely the property of the right .
leavis himself is by now reduced to an expression of gratitude for the letters page of the times in `` the world of triumphant modernity , the world of power centres from which the quantity-addicted machinery of civilization is controlled , directed and exploited `` and in which `` literature in the old sense has [stopped] to matter `` henceforth the conception of english as a central force for sustaining the national cultural `` heritage `` would become largely the property of the right .

Shall we assume that the Home Secretary , too , will grant a reprieve to William Joyce ( ‘ Lord Haw Haw ’ ) because by January 3 , 1946 , the date of his execution , Germany had ceased to be an enemy country ?
shall we assume that the home secretary , too , will grant a reprieve to william joyce ( ‘ lord haw haw ’ ) because by january 3 , 1946 , the date of his execution , germany had [stopped] to be an enemy country ?

At Rapsley , near Ewhurst in Surrey , occupation appears to have ceased by c .
at rapsley , near ewhurst in surrey , occupation appears to have [stopped] by c .

As a result the market structure very often ceased to be purely competitive , becoming monopolistic or oligopolistic .
as a result the market structure very often [stopped] to be purely competitive , becoming monopolistic or oligopolistic .

The first reason why the market could no longer be perceived as limiting economic power was that the structure of the market ceased to correspond even loosely with the model of perfect competition which required numerous firms operating in the same industry so that no firm was capable of affecting the price of its product by varying the level of the output of that product .
the first reason why the market could no longer be perceived as limiting economic power was that the structure of the market [stopped] to correspond even loosely with the model of perfect competition which required numerous firms operating in the same industry so that no firm was capable of affecting the price of its product by varying the level of the output of that product .

Hungary and Czechoslovakia suffered relatively little war-damage , and Communism was imposed after hostilities had ceased and normal life had resumed .
hungary and czechoslovakia suffered relatively little war-damage , and communism was imposed after hostilities had [stopped] and normal life had resumed .

Many villages , especially in Persia , which have long been associated with highly sophisticated work , have either ceased weaving altogether or produce so few examples that they now have only an historic relevance to the contemporary scene .
many villages , especially in persia , which have long been associated with highly sophisticated work , have either [stopped] weaving altogether or produce so few examples that they now have only an historic relevance to the contemporary scene .

By the late 19th century , hard-knotted rugs had almost ceased to be made in Europe , as the advent of weaving machines meant that rugs could be produced much more quickly at a fraction of the cost .
by the late 19th century , hard-knotted rugs had almost [stopped] to be made in europe , as the advent of weaving machines meant that rugs could be produced much more quickly at a fraction of the cost .

But in the evening , under the dark , the gulleys ceased to drip , the pudding took a crust , and everyone was saying , " Should n't be surprised if it snowed again . "
but in the evening , under the dark , the gulleys [stopped] to drip , the pudding took a crust , and everyone was saying , " should n't be surprised if it snowed again . "

Meanwhile , the last paddle-steamer ceased with the Embassy in 1966 .
meanwhile , the last paddle-steamer [stopped] with the embassy in 1966 .

The Sir Richard Arkwright and Company mill at Cromford , a familiar sight to travellers along the main Derby-Buxton-Manchester road , only ceased spinning in November 1991 — latterly as part of the Coates Viyella group .
the sir richard arkwright and company mill at cromford , a familiar sight to travellers along the main derby-buxton-manchester road , only [stopped] spinning in november 1991 — latterly as part of the coates viyella group .

This led Asquith to fix a pensionable age of seventy , despite the mass of evidence that must people who survived to old age ceased to be able to support themselves by work in their mid-sixties — sixty-five was the age adopted by most occupational and charitable pension schemes .
this led asquith to fix a pensionable age of seventy , despite the mass of evidence that must people who survived to old age [stopped] to be able to support themselves by work in their mid-sixties — sixty-five was the age adopted by most occupational and charitable pension schemes .

The islands became Okinawa Prefecture in 1879 and sporadic Chinese objections eventually ceased after the early 1880s .
the islands became okinawa prefecture in 1879 and sporadic chinese objections eventually [stopped] after the early 1880s .

The ie has ceased to exist as a legal entity , but the family unit has remained highly influential .
the ie has [stopped] to exist as a legal entity , but the family unit has remained highly influential .

The group ceased meeting when Faulkner left the Criminal Department to become Principal Establishment Officer at the Home Office in 1990 .
the group [stopped] meeting when faulkner left the criminal department to become principal establishment officer at the home office in 1990 .

Passenger services ceased in the early 1950s and freight services in 1981 .
passenger services [stopped] in the early 1950s and freight services in 1981 .

Since such a cultural repertoire is held only in the memory it is subject to constant change according to the new interests of the moment ‘ and whatever parts of it have ceased to be of contemporary relevance are likely to be eliminated by the process of forgetting ’ ( ibid .
since such a cultural repertoire is held only in the memory it is subject to constant change according to the new interests of the moment ‘ and whatever parts of it have [stopped] to be of contemporary relevance are likely to be eliminated by the process of forgetting ’ ( ibid .

Consequently , norm development occurs over very long periods , and often very old behaviour patterns are preserved long after they have ceased to be relevant .
consequently , norm development occurs over very long periods , and often very old behaviour patterns are preserved long after they have [stopped] to be relevant .

That role made possible his nomination ; he was elected as an outsider and , by his own admission , he never ceased being one whilst in office .
that role made possible his nomination ; he was elected as an outsider and , by his own admission , he never [stopped] being one whilst in office .

Peter ceased appointing his most trusted aides to the Boyars ' Duma , the Duma 's residual right to be consulted went by default , and the institution withered away .
peter [stopped] appointing his most trusted aides to the boyars ' duma , the duma 's residual right to be consulted went by default , and the institution withered away .

Second , they argue that because human intervention is involved in the production of transgenic plants or animals , they have somehow ceased to be biological and thus patentable .
second , they argue that because human intervention is involved in the production of transgenic plants or animals , they have somehow [stopped] to be biological and thus patentable .

Yet as the century wore on , their military character ceased to be the exclusive distinguishing feature of princely households .
yet as the century wore on , their military character [stopped] to be the exclusive distinguishing feature of princely households .

Now , with rising population , greater social mobility , and wider resort to legal processes , human memory ceased to be an effective guarantee of human contract .
now , with rising population , greater social mobility , and wider resort to legal processes , human memory [stopped] to be an effective guarantee of human contract .

It was not until the French Revolution that democracy ceased to be a mere literary word , and became part of the political vocabulary .
it was not until the french revolution that democracy [stopped] to be a mere literary word , and became part of the political vocabulary .

But they have not usually involved a direct challenge to the principle of democracy : that has ceased to be a politically acceptable position in most parts of the world .
but they have not usually involved a direct challenge to the principle of democracy : that has [stopped] to be a politically acceptable position in most parts of the world .

On his view the fact that it ceased to be a probability , and did occur , is something that might not have happened .
on his view the fact that it [stopped] to be a probability , and did occur , is something that might not have happened .

Formerly this time was known as `` Supply Days `` and was used to discuss the grant of supply to the Crown but it has long ceased to be confined to discussion of government spending and is instead used to criticise all aspects of government policy .
formerly this time was known as `` supply days `` and was used to discuss the grant of supply to the crown but it has long [stopped] to be confined to discussion of government spending and is instead used to criticise all aspects of government policy .

These words are well past her point of failure in the Schonell Test ( that is , ten consecutive errors ) , and so it is possible that she had reached a level of frustration : feeling that all the words were too difficult she ceased to think carefully about whether what she was writing down was likely , and simply put down anything that came to mind .
these words are well past her point of failure in the schonell test ( that is , ten consecutive errors ) , and so it is possible that she had reached a level of frustration : feeling that all the words were too difficult she [stopped] to think carefully about whether what she was writing down was likely , and simply put down anything that came to mind .

And then , as the doors groaned shut and the train moved , the fidgeting , the adjusting of positions , the shifting of hands , ceased and all became still .
and then , as the doors groaned shut and the train moved , the fidgeting , the adjusting of positions , the shifting of hands , [stopped] and all became still .

While other constitutional texts , where they existed at all , have for long periods been purely notional , national autonomy never ceased to have a certain operation reality .
while other constitutional texts , where they existed at all , have for long periods been purely notional , national autonomy never [stopped] to have a certain operation reality .

Not , of course , that Germans have ceased to think of themselves as ‘ Germans ’ .
not , of course , that germans have [stopped] to think of themselves as ‘ germans ’ .

The Italian thinks that if he can ever sing Puccini the climax of his life has been reached ; but even so , with all the omissions that can be charged against Italy — such that as a musical country she ceased to exist after the seventeenth century and has certainly reached deliquescence with Messrs Malpiero , Pratella and Co — she even now does produce from time to time singers who are not merely singers but great artists , as Battistini who , at over 60 , is an example for those who can take it of the extent to which a voice can be preserved in all its beauty when it is used as a musical instrument and not as a fog siren or a pair of nutcrackers .
the italian thinks that if he can ever sing puccini the climax of his life has been reached ; but even so , with all the omissions that can be charged against italy — such that as a musical country she [stopped] to exist after the seventeenth century and has certainly reached deliquescence with messrs malpiero , pratella and co — she even now does produce from time to time singers who are not merely singers but great artists , as battistini who , at over 60 , is an example for those who can take it of the extent to which a voice can be preserved in all its beauty when it is used as a musical instrument and not as a fog siren or a pair of nutcrackers .

By the end of the 1920 's Miss Lintorn-Orman 's brand of Fascism had not caught on and the Bolshevik revolution in England , which it had been formed to combat , had ceased to be an event worth waiting for .
by the end of the 1920 's miss lintorn-orman 's brand of fascism had not caught on and the bolshevik revolution in england , which it had been formed to combat , had [stopped] to be an event worth waiting for .

In 1935 , when his first marriage had ceased to exist in all but name , he met Margaret Cairns White .
in 1935 , when his first marriage had [stopped] to exist in all but name , he met margaret cairns white .

As the cold Berlin winter turned to early spring in 1940 , the joke of Lord Haw-Haw ceased to be quite so amusing .
as the cold berlin winter turned to early spring in 1940 , the joke of lord haw-haw [stopped] to be quite so amusing .

This shift in the distribution of births between classes ceased in the 1980s .
this shift in the distribution of births between classes [stopped] in the 1980s .

During the pre-liberation troubles between India and Goa it was no longer possible to bring men over the frontier , therefore , instead of breaking with tradition , the family ceased to use the palanquins .
during the pre-liberation troubles between india and goa it was no longer possible to bring men over the frontier , therefore , instead of breaking with tradition , the family [stopped] to use the palanquins .

After a while the questions ceased .
after a while the questions [stopped] .

If no list has been registered , or the persons named have died , or ceased to reside in Great Britain , or refuse to accept service on the company 's behalf or for any reason can not be served , a document may be served on the company by leaving it at , or sending it by post to , any place of business established by the company in Great Britain .
if no list has been registered , or the persons named have died , or [stopped] to reside in great britain , or refuse to accept service on the company 's behalf or for any reason can not be served , a document may be served on the company by leaving it at , or sending it by post to , any place of business established by the company in great britain .

The oil facility , set up in 1974 to assist countries which had current account difficulties because of higher oil prices , ceased to be available after 1983 .
the oil facility , set up in 1974 to assist countries which had current account difficulties because of higher oil prices , [stopped] to be available after 1983 .

It is fortunate , however , that total debt has ceased to grow as fast , and since 1986 the total debt relative to country exports has fallen slightly .
it is fortunate , however , that total debt has [stopped] to grow as fast , and since 1986 the total debt relative to country exports has fallen slightly .

The Bank ceased to support the gilt-edged market but would sell gilt-edged when the market could absorb stock satisfactorily .
the bank [stopped] to support the gilt-edged market but would sell gilt-edged when the market could absorb stock satisfactorily .

Double-breasted to be fastened up to the collar , or left open , the reefer quickly ceased to be only navy blue and became a double-breasted tweed ‘ casual ’ coat , a direct ancestor o f the modern double-breasted suit .
double-breasted to be fastened up to the collar , or left open , the reefer quickly [stopped] to be only navy blue and became a double-breasted tweed ‘ casual ’ coat , a direct ancestor o f the modern double-breasted suit .

The Commons ceased to be merely restive , and erupted .
the commons [stopped] to be merely restive , and erupted .

By the early 1950s , the period of post-war reconstruction was coming to an end , rationing had ceased , wages were beginning to rise , and people were being encouraged to spend more money .
by the early 1950s , the period of post-war reconstruction was coming to an end , rationing had [stopped] , wages were beginning to rise , and people were being encouraged to spend more money .

Chaos , murder and violence will ensue if people ceased believing in God .
chaos , murder and violence will ensue if people [stopped] believing in god .

No parliament met between April 1348 and February 1351 , and Geoffrey le Baker noted that the sessions of the king 's bench and common pleas ceased while the plague was at its height .
no parliament met between april 1348 and february 1351 , and geoffrey le baker noted that the sessions of the king 's bench and common pleas [stopped] while the plague was at its height .

After the fall of Calais , when war ceased for some years , the king had to persuade the commons that direct taxes should continue in order to finance the defence of English positions abroad , notably Calais itself , and to maintain English forces in a state of readiness in case the enemy broke the truce and resumed the war .
after the fall of calais , when war [stopped] for some years , the king had to persuade the commons that direct taxes should continue in order to finance the defence of english positions abroad , notably calais itself , and to maintain english forces in a state of readiness in case the enemy broke the truce and resumed the war .

For some years direct taxation ceased to be contentious , and much the bitterest arguments in the 1340s arose over the taxation of wool and the king 's manipulation of the wool trade to raise money for the war .
for some years direct taxation [stopped] to be contentious , and much the bitterest arguments in the 1340s arose over the taxation of wool and the king 's manipulation of the wool trade to raise money for the war .

The council of nine ceased to be active , Latimer and Lyons were released from imprisonment and Alice Perrers was reinstated at court .
the council of nine [stopped] to be active , latimer and lyons were released from imprisonment and alice perrers was reinstated at court .

Demand for these materials declined , however , and production ceased after the Great War .
demand for these materials declined , however , and production [stopped] after the great war .

The Library 's ability to satisfy requests by photocopies from stock has virtually ceased , because Reference Services staff can no longer handle the work involved .
the library 's ability to satisfy requests by photocopies from stock has virtually [stopped] , because reference services staff can no longer handle the work involved .

Two years later , the establishments ceased to play a major managerial role .
two years later , the establishments [stopped] to play a major managerial role .

Not , apparently , because companies have ceased considering takeovers — everyone talks of City corporate finance departments working on full throttle .
not , apparently , because companies have [stopped] considering takeovers — everyone talks of city corporate finance departments working on full throttle .

The car jolted over the rubble past a machine , and the panic ceased .
the car jolted over the rubble past a machine , and the panic [stopped] .

The crude hides of the tent ceased to billow and bulge .
the crude hides of the tent [stopped] to billow and bulge .

The fire below her ceased to gust and roar .
the fire below her [stopped] to gust and roar .

The sound of the fire had ceased .
the sound of the fire had [stopped] .

He had n't much longer before he ceased to function .
he had n't much longer before he [stopped] to function .

The Time Lord fell on to the floor and the pain ceased .
the time lord fell on to the floor and the pain [stopped] .

He started to realize that he was experiencing sensations from parts of his body which he had thought had ceased to function .
he started to realize that he was experiencing sensations from parts of his body which he had thought had [stopped] to function .

Owen never ceased to marvel at the way in which he combined incredible ingenuity within the rules with total lack of curiosity as to what went on beyond them .
owen never [stopped] to marvel at the way in which he combined incredible ingenuity within the rules with total lack of curiosity as to what went on beyond them .

The rain ceased abruptly , as if it had been turned off .
the rain [stopped] abruptly , as if it had been turned off .

The activity at the back of the car had ceased and it had fallen silent .
the activity at the back of the car had [stopped] and it had fallen silent .

But what had just happened had nothing to do with etiquette : Antonio Crepi had made it clear that for him , and by extension for the whole of the Perugia that mattered , Zen had ceased to exist .
but what had just happened had nothing to do with etiquette : antonio crepi had made it clear that for him , and by extension for the whole of the perugia that mattered , zen had [stopped] to exist .

Functionaries gradually ceased to have autonomous regional or military bases of power ( Anderson 1974 ) .
functionaries gradually [stopped] to have autonomous regional or military bases of power ( anderson 1974 ) .

‘ Public functions ceased to be the private property of the tools of the central government .
‘ public functions [stopped] to be the private property of the tools of the central government .

This interpretation of relationships between party bureaucrats and political representatives was later modified by Milovan Djilas , a senior member of the Yugoslavian political leadership after the Second World War who observed that in Yugoslavia at least the party leaders had ceased to be revolutionaries and politicians but had turned into bureaucrats themselves .
this interpretation of relationships between party bureaucrats and political representatives was later modified by milovan djilas , a senior member of the yugoslavian political leadership after the second world war who observed that in yugoslavia at least the party leaders had [stopped] to be revolutionaries and politicians but had turned into bureaucrats themselves .

He got the glass to his lips and conversation ceased for about 8.3 seconds .
he got the glass to his lips and conversation [stopped] for about 8.3 seconds .

In normal subjects inflation was ceased when pelvic discomfort was experienced .
in normal subjects inflation was [stopped] when pelvic discomfort was experienced .

Increasing intra-abdominal pressure by asking subjects to blow up a balloon produced an increase in anal pressure in both controls and spinal patients , returning to the baseline after the action ceased .
increasing intra-abdominal pressure by asking subjects to blow up a balloon produced an increase in anal pressure in both controls and spinal patients , returning to the baseline after the action [stopped] .

Insanitary conditions , and the concentration of people and rats in a limited area , made them vulnerable to attacks of plague , and it is noteworthy that even when the disease had ceased to be common in the country , it persisted in urban areas .
insanitary conditions , and the concentration of people and rats in a limited area , made them vulnerable to attacks of plague , and it is noteworthy that even when the disease had [stopped] to be common in the country , it persisted in urban areas .

It is noteworthy that the line of the Great North Road runs near where many of these rivers ceased to be navigable , and many towns on the road may have grown up as places where goods were transferred from water freight to carts or pack animals ( 82 , pp.194–200 ) .
it is noteworthy that the line of the great north road runs near where many of these rivers [stopped] to be navigable , and many towns on the road may have grown up as places where goods were transferred from water freight to carts or pack animals ( 82 , pp.194–200 ) .

He turned to Shaw who had not ceased his manipulations of the keyboard . ‘ And the oracle ? ’
he turned to shaw who had not [stopped] his manipulations of the keyboard . ‘ and the oracle ? ’

The fluttering in his stomach had ceased , and he worked to clear his mind of images and worries .
the fluttering in his stomach had [stopped] , and he worked to clear his mind of images and worries .

The transmission was short , but he was sweating when it ceased .
the transmission was short , but he was sweating when it [stopped] .

And afterwards they had ceased .
and afterwards they had [stopped] .

All works in progress had ceased due to complicated legal technicalities .
all works in progress had [stopped] due to complicated legal technicalities .

All sounds of revelry ceased .
all sounds of revelry [stopped] .

The first glass works in south Yorkshire had been erected in 1632 at Glasshouse Green , Wentworth , on the estate of Sir Thomas Wentworth , the great Earl of Strafford , but it had ceased production before the Civil War .
the first glass works in south yorkshire had been erected in 1632 at glasshouse green , wentworth , on the estate of sir thomas wentworth , the great earl of strafford , but it had [stopped] production before the civil war .

Chenille weaving ceased as Axminster and Wilton weaving expanded .
chenille weaving [stopped] as axminster and wilton weaving expanded .

If some smaller producers were forced out of business and lower quality land ceased to be farmed , the fabric of the countryside could be seriously affected .
if some smaller producers were forced out of business and lower quality land [stopped] to be farmed , the fabric of the countryside could be seriously affected .

Deputies from Estonia 's Russian minority boycotted the vote on the new law , describing it as discriminatory and claiming that it violated the constitution of Soviet Estonia , although Estonian nationalist deputies countered that that document had ceased to be valid since the March 30 declaration of a transition to independence [ see pp .
deputies from estonia 's russian minority boycotted the vote on the new law , describing it as discriminatory and claiming that it violated the constitution of soviet estonia , although estonian nationalist deputies countered that that document had [stopped] to be valid since the march 30 declaration of a transition to independence [ see pp .

The office of president ceased to exist upon the death in 1980 of Marshal Josip Broz Tito [ for which see pp .
the office of president [stopped] to exist upon the death in 1980 of marshal josip broz tito [ for which see pp .

By 1928 when the vote was granted to women over 21 , the two sisters had ceased to communicate with each other — their ideas and lifestyles were now poles apart .
by 1928 when the vote was granted to women over 21 , the two sisters had [stopped] to communicate with each other — their ideas and lifestyles were now poles apart .

Manufacture of the device , which was said to have caused infertility , pelvic inflammation and , in some cases , death , ceased in 1974 , but the product was not withdrawn until 1986 .
manufacture of the device , which was said to have caused infertility , pelvic inflammation and , in some cases , death , [stopped] in 1974 , but the product was not withdrawn until 1986 .

The State of Kuwait , which became independent in 1961 when it ceased to be a British protectorate , is governed by the Amir ( currently Shaikh Jabir al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah ) , who is chosen by and from among the royal family , and who appoints the Council of Ministers .
the state of kuwait , which became independent in 1961 when it [stopped] to be a british protectorate , is governed by the amir ( currently shaikh jabir al ahmad al jabir as sabah ) , who is chosen by and from among the royal family , and who appoints the council of ministers .

The secretariat , which had effectively ceased to exist as a cohesive body upon its reorganization in September 1988 [ see pp .
the secretariat , which had effectively [stopped] to exist as a cohesive body upon its reorganization in september 1988 [ see pp .

He added that the exports had ceased some time previously .
he added that the exports had [stopped] some time previously .

Of the domestic borrowers , local authorities issued , in the years between the mid-1950s and the early 1980s , a large volume of stocks ( over five years to maturity ) and negotiable bonds ( from one to four years to maturity ) ; but in recent years it has been government policy to centralise most public-sector borrowing and as a result public issues by local authorities have all but ceased .
of the domestic borrowers , local authorities issued , in the years between the mid-1950s and the early 1980s , a large volume of stocks ( over five years to maturity ) and negotiable bonds ( from one to four years to maturity ) ; but in recent years it has been government policy to centralise most public-sector borrowing and as a result public issues by local authorities have all but [stopped] .

The sterling bond market apart from gilt-edged had all but ceased to exist .
the sterling bond market apart from gilt-edged had all but [stopped] to exist .

It was not until March 1950 that the British ceased to rank the Middle East equally with Europe , and promised to send two divisions to the continent in the event of war .
it was not until march 1950 that the british [stopped] to rank the middle east equally with europe , and promised to send two divisions to the continent in the event of war .

The point had been reached where further procrastination on this issue — and on the role East of Suez — had ceased to make sense economically or politically .
the point had been reached where further procrastination on this issue — and on the role east of suez — had [stopped] to make sense economically or politically .

In particular , the clearing banks ceased to tie their deposit and lending rates to it .
in particular , the clearing banks [stopped] to tie their deposit and lending rates to it .

Not only did he embark upon freeing the serfs as soon as foreign affairs ceased to occupy the bulk of his attention , but also he intervened repeatedly in the process to galvanize his officials and overcome the mistrust of conservatives .
not only did he embark upon freeing the serfs as soon as foreign affairs [stopped] to occupy the bulk of his attention , but also he intervened repeatedly in the process to galvanize his officials and overcome the mistrust of conservatives .

Military education ceased to be a sort of `` royal secret `` and became the preserve of the War Ministry .
military education [stopped] to be a sort of `` royal secret `` and became the preserve of the war ministry .

By 1815 there were only four of them left and the school was moribund : by 1830 it had ceased to exist .
by 1815 there were only four of them left and the school was moribund : by 1830 it had [stopped] to exist .

On the other hand it has to be understood that , by the time that Washoe , Koko , and the rest of the humanized-ape fraternity have been endowed with elements of human culture in this drastic fashion , they have long since ceased to be ordinary apes .
on the other hand it has to be understood that , by the time that washoe , koko , and the rest of the humanized-ape fraternity have been endowed with elements of human culture in this drastic fashion , they have long since [stopped] to be ordinary apes .

Pumping a fresh shell into the breech , Grant waited till the long burst of enemy fire ceased when their magazines emptied .
pumping a fresh shell into the breech , grant waited till the long burst of enemy fire [stopped] when their magazines emptied .

But these were receding and soon ceased altogether , after a burst of three in rapid succession .
but these were receding and soon [stopped] altogether , after a burst of three in rapid succession .

The melodious sound and the forward motion ceased , and he was floating in a hazy limbo of silence , listening intently .
the melodious sound and the forward motion [stopped] , and he was floating in a hazy limbo of silence , listening intently .

At the same time the city centre ceased to be a place where people dwelled .
at the same time the city centre [stopped] to be a place where people dwelled .

In addition , weapons transfers have ceased to be financed by military aid packages and have increasingly become commercial transactions to provide hard currency revenue to suppliers .
in addition , weapons transfers have [stopped] to be financed by military aid packages and have increasingly become commercial transactions to provide hard currency revenue to suppliers .

For a moment he ceased his observation of them and instead gazed out to sea , at the trawler on the horizon .
for a moment he [stopped] his observation of them and instead gazed out to sea , at the trawler on the horizon .

His own face smiled at him and then the pictures ceased .
his own face smiled at him and then the pictures [stopped] .

The Commander , having ceased to weep , was sitting on the sofa .
the commander , having [stopped] to weep , was sitting on the sofa .

He ceased it in order to speak again .
he [stopped] it in order to speak again .

Kate 's sobbing subsided and ceased .
kate 's sobbing subsided and [stopped] .

But when their eyes had met across the packed ballroom , for a fleeting instant the crowd had ceased to exist .
but when their eyes had met across the packed ballroom , for a fleeting instant the crowd had [stopped] to exist .

The rain ceased as if a tap had been turned off .
the rain [stopped] as if a tap had been turned off .

It is arguable , however , that these stones belong stratigraphically with the later road surface , with its central channel , by which time the earlier drains had probably ceased to function ; this would explain certain anomalies in their relative positions and have important implications for the site 's later appearance .
it is arguable , however , that these stones belong stratigraphically with the later road surface , with its central channel , by which time the earlier drains had probably [stopped] to function ; this would explain certain anomalies in their relative positions and have important implications for the site 's later appearance .

Anyway , he had ceased to gibber .
anyway , he had [stopped] to gibber .

There was a noise like a singing saw and the pressure on Rincewind 's legs abruptly ceased .
there was a noise like a singing saw and the pressure on rincewind 's legs abruptly [stopped] .

Hrun ceased stuffing silverware into his saddlebags and grinned encouragingly at them .
hrun [stopped] stuffing silverware into his saddlebags and grinned encouragingly at them .

She herself had long ceased to believe in Father Christmas and fairy-tales .
she herself had long [stopped] to believe in father christmas and fairy-tales .

Deep in her subconscious mind the image of Lotta became one-dimensional , faded , crumpled , ceased to exist .
deep in her subconscious mind the image of lotta became one-dimensional , faded , crumpled , [stopped] to exist .

His anger was real but so continuously felt that once he had given it adequate ( in his own mind ) expression , it ceased to modify his actions .
his anger was real but so continuously felt that once he had given it adequate ( in his own mind ) expression , it [stopped] to modify his actions .

Mrs Totteridge ceased to murmur into Bedford 's ear .
mrs totteridge [stopped] to murmur into bedford 's ear .

Abruptly the flak ceased and he flew into clear air : too near the balloon for the German gunners .
abruptly the flak [stopped] and he flew into clear air : too near the balloon for the german gunners .

This compares with depreciation on the Dumfries building where production ceased during the year .
this compares with depreciation on the dumfries building where production [stopped] during the year .

Then he ceased to make notes and listened , his clean-shaven jaw sinking lower and lower until , with a small thud , the slate dropped to the floor and Thorfinn , turning , saw that he was asleep .
then he [stopped] to make notes and listened , his clean-shaven jaw sinking lower and lower until , with a small thud , the slate dropped to the floor and thorfinn , turning , saw that he was asleep .

His voice , shouting commands , hardly ceased .
his voice , shouting commands , hardly [stopped] .

Here he slowly drifted ; the rains had ceased , the thermometer was at 10 , a glaring sun and a coppery sky were above him ; he looked in vain for help , but no prospect of escape animated him , and the hot sun began its dreadful work .
here he slowly drifted ; the rains had [stopped] , the thermometer was at 10 , a glaring sun and a coppery sky were above him ; he looked in vain for help , but no prospect of escape animated him , and the hot sun began its dreadful work .

The designated successor , Ayatollah Montazeri , gradually ceased to command the Imam 's confidence and , wearying of it all , announced his withdrawal early in 1989 .
the designated successor , ayatollah montazeri , gradually [stopped] to command the imam 's confidence and , wearying of it all , announced his withdrawal early in 1989 .

In fact , at the time when Macmillan 's advice was sought he had ceased to be Prime Minister and it is the more odd that the Queen on this occasion should have , in Macmillan 's words , said that ‘ she did not need and did not intend to seek any other advice but mine ’ .
in fact , at the time when macmillan 's advice was sought he had [stopped] to be prime minister and it is the more odd that the queen on this occasion should have , in macmillan 's words , said that ‘ she did not need and did not intend to seek any other advice but mine ’ .

We long ago ceased to enjoy hanging as a public spectacle .
we long ago [stopped] to enjoy hanging as a public spectacle .

The snow ceased .
the snow [stopped] .

The plane 's on loan from a friend , and Dwayne could not bear it if his friend ceased to be a friend .
the plane 's on loan from a friend , and dwayne could not bear it if his friend [stopped] to be a friend .

Complete silence , for the rain had ceased and for the moment the storm seemed to have moved away .
complete silence , for the rain had [stopped] and for the moment the storm seemed to have moved away .

In a moment her ladyship 's sobs had ceased and she dried her few tears .
in a moment her ladyship 's sobs had [stopped] and she dried her few tears .

She met the burning passion of his eyes , and time ceased .
she met the burning passion of his eyes , and time [stopped] .

Fortunately , probably due to the doctor 's potions , Theda found the kaleidoscope of worrying visions had ceased to run in her brain .
fortunately , probably due to the doctor 's potions , theda found the kaleidoscope of worrying visions had [stopped] to run in her brain .

She bade me tell you that she loves you very dearly , and has never ceased to miss you .
she bade me tell you that she loves you very dearly , and has never [stopped] to miss you .

The sound of running water ceased and she guessed he was drying his hands .
the sound of running water [stopped] and she guessed he was drying his hands .

It seemed that somewhere ahead of them , towards the gate , all motion had ceased , and the press of people heaved and shifted , but made no progress .
it seemed that somewhere ahead of them , towards the gate , all motion had [stopped] , and the press of people heaved and shifted , but made no progress .

She ceased to wonder that he had survived his long ordeal of flight and hiding and hunger ; he was durable beyond most men .
she [stopped] to wonder that he had survived his long ordeal of flight and hiding and hunger ; he was durable beyond most men .

Full awareness was returning to her , her head had ceased to swim , and all that was left of her recent encounter was the pain in her face , and her consequent anger at every member of the male sex .
full awareness was returning to her , her head had [stopped] to swim , and all that was left of her recent encounter was the pain in her face , and her consequent anger at every member of the male sex .

Later McAllister was to remember that afternoon spent in the stifling attic as a kind of nightmare punctuated by Dr Neil 's barked commands to her and Rose ; she had ceased to exist for him except as a pair of willing hands and legs .
later mcallister was to remember that afternoon spent in the stifling attic as a kind of nightmare punctuated by dr neil 's barked commands to her and rose ; she had [stopped] to exist for him except as a pair of willing hands and legs .

Her sturdy common sense , the downright attitude to life which never ceased to surprise him , the constant loving references to a papa and a mama who sounded remarkably practical themselves , even if they had spoiled their beautiful daughter , informed him that she came from a background very unlike any that Dr Neil had ever encountered .
her sturdy common sense , the downright attitude to life which never [stopped] to surprise him , the constant loving references to a papa and a mama who sounded remarkably practical themselves , even if they had spoiled their beautiful daughter , informed him that she came from a background very unlike any that dr neil had ever encountered .

Development programmes have all but ceased .
development programmes have all but [stopped] .

In Kitwe city centre normality ceased altogether and the area resembled a war zone .
in kitwe city centre normality [stopped] altogether and the area resembled a war zone .

It can be argued that forced labour has not ceased but merely changed its form .
it can be argued that forced labour has not [stopped] but merely changed its form .

The commitment to ring fence for as long as necessary , as Baroness Hooper said in another place , will allow the Secretary of State arbitrarily to decide that , if he wishes to allocate the funds to some other project , he could deem the necessity to have ceased .
the commitment to ring fence for as long as necessary , as baroness hooper said in another place , will allow the secretary of state arbitrarily to decide that , if he wishes to allocate the funds to some other project , he could deem the necessity to have [stopped] .

Chris Nixon said that co-operation could exist , but it would be difficult when co-operation through the normal virement funds ceased .
chris nixon said that co-operation could exist , but it would be difficult when co-operation through the normal virement funds [stopped] .

’ Christian came down on Seb 's side when the laughter of Carrie and Tom had ceased .
’ christian came down on seb 's side when the laughter of carrie and tom had [stopped] .

Seb could see the growing knot of men and the light of their torches , but now the shouting had ceased and had been replaced by a low , angry murmur .
seb could see the growing knot of men and the light of their torches , but now the shouting had [stopped] and had been replaced by a low , angry murmur .

He wished he had Christian with him , but the farmer had ceased work at Handley Farm early that day .
he wished he had christian with him , but the farmer had [stopped] work at handley farm early that day .

The Central Wales Line did not totally escape : in 1964 the Pontarddulais — Swansea Victoria section was closed ; through freight traffic ceased ; in 1965 most of the line was again singled ; and then in 1970 the service again reached Swansea via Llanelli into High Street station .
the central wales line did not totally escape : in 1964 the pontarddulais — swansea victoria section was closed ; through freight traffic [stopped] ; in 1965 most of the line was again singled ; and then in 1970 the service again reached swansea via llanelli into high street station .

When Newham 's custody of that school ceased , the standards of education were appallingly low , but Her Majesty 's inspectors now report a significant improvement in educational standards there —
when newham 's custody of that school [stopped] , the standards of education were appallingly low , but her majesty 's inspectors now report a significant improvement in educational standards there —

Indeed , the north-south divide has now ceased to exist as an issue .
indeed , the north-south divide has now [stopped] to exist as an issue .

All loco-hauling has ceased on the Crewe-Cardiff route , though a shortage of Classes 155 and 156 on Easter Monday evening led to the use of a Class 150/2 from the Cardiff Valley Lines .
all loco-hauling has [stopped] on the crewe-cardiff route , though a shortage of classes 155 and 156 on easter monday evening led to the use of a class 150/2 from the cardiff valley lines .

But the aroma of the food lingered long after all the sounds of movement had ceased .
but the aroma of the food lingered long after all the sounds of movement had [stopped] .

But — so much for her wish to escape Fen 's disturbing proximity for a while — after the first few yards beyond the bridge the towpath ceased to exist .
but — so much for her wish to escape fen 's disturbing proximity for a while — after the first few yards beyond the bridge the towpath [stopped] to exist .

Robbie drew breath to vindicate herself , to tell him that she had not been unfaithful , that so far as she was concerned Hugh had ceased to exist .
robbie drew breath to vindicate herself , to tell him that she had not been unfaithful , that so far as she was concerned hugh had [stopped] to exist .

The Class 156 units ceased to be part of this operation from the 8th of July and presumably the temporary expedient of bus backup is in force if extra capacity is required .
the class 156 units [stopped] to be part of this operation from the 8th of july and presumably the temporary expedient of bus backup is in force if extra capacity is required .

Because of a coal crisis , passenger services ceased over the whole line as from 15 January 1951 and were never resumed .
because of a coal crisis , passenger services [stopped] over the whole line as from 15 january 1951 and were never resumed .

Goods services between Llangynog and Llanrhaiadr Mochnant ceased as from 1 July 1952 for ever .
goods services between llangynog and llanrhaiadr mochnant [stopped] as from 1 july 1952 for ever .

When made into handbags , the leather ceased to exist as separate goods and became absorbed into the handbags .
when made into handbags , the leather [stopped] to exist as separate goods and became absorbed into the handbags .

About three years ago Radio Shropshire broadcast a series covering four railways that have ceased to operate .
about three years ago radio shropshire broadcast a series covering four railways that have [stopped] to operate .

He has reached the point where he thinks he is so right that he has in fact ceased to develop .
he has reached the point where he thinks he is so right that he has in fact [stopped] to develop .

Isabel elevated her small nose with all the hauteur of a young lady who had attained the lofty age of thirteen , and had therefore ceased climbing walls and brandishing wooden swords herself .
isabel elevated her small nose with all the hauteur of a young lady who had attained the lofty age of thirteen , and had therefore [stopped] climbing walls and brandishing wooden swords herself .

Robert had been taken prisoner in his turn and , for the time being , hostilities had ceased while both sides licked their wounds and took stock of the situation .
robert had been taken prisoner in his turn and , for the time being , hostilities had [stopped] while both sides licked their wounds and took stock of the situation .

Fortunately the rain had ceased some time during the night .
fortunately the rain had [stopped] some time during the night .

Isabel knew her heart had ceased beating because now it shuddered into action again , racing so fast that she began to feel faint .
isabel knew her heart had [stopped] beating because now it shuddered into action again , racing so fast that she began to feel faint .

It was only when she ceased her household duties , refused to cook and clean , refused herself to eat , and went and sat day after day in the park , never changing her clothes , and wandering about with plastic bags full of old newspapers , that anyone took notice .
it was only when she [stopped] her household duties , refused to cook and clean , refused herself to eat , and went and sat day after day in the park , never changing her clothes , and wandering about with plastic bags full of old newspapers , that anyone took notice .

The renewed buzzing of a fly trapped in the corner of the pane ceased to seem quite so near .
the renewed buzzing of a fly trapped in the corner of the pane [stopped] to seem quite so near .

The minutes crawled like tired snails , but the ambulance arrived before Tom had returned from making his phone calls in the study , and with the compassionate yet businesslike speed that Belinda never ceased to admire , the paramedic ambulance officers slid Faye on to a stretcher and carried her to the waiting vehicle , where an intravenous line could be set up immediately .
the minutes crawled like tired snails , but the ambulance arrived before tom had returned from making his phone calls in the study , and with the compassionate yet businesslike speed that belinda never [stopped] to admire , the paramedic ambulance officers slid faye on to a stretcher and carried her to the waiting vehicle , where an intravenous line could be set up immediately .

topics which have ceased to be the subject of new literature to be deleted from the scheme at an appropriate moment .
topics which have [stopped] to be the subject of new literature to be deleted from the scheme at an appropriate moment .

To speak of these ‘ new styles ’ of politics is not , of course , to say that political struggles between classes have ceased , but only that they may now be modified by other kinds of political action and be less predominant in political life as a whole ; or to argue that the nature , aims and strategies of the principal classes have changed substantially , as Mallet and Touraine have suggested .
to speak of these ‘ new styles ’ of politics is not , of course , to say that political struggles between classes have [stopped] , but only that they may now be modified by other kinds of political action and be less predominant in political life as a whole ; or to argue that the nature , aims and strategies of the principal classes have changed substantially , as mallet and touraine have suggested .

The slide of bodies bathed in perspiration ceased as Luke shuddered and stilled momentarily before moving to kneel over her , surveying her with glittering eyes , his shadow cast over her , and Maria fell back against the pillows with a hoarse sob , wordlessly pleading with him to end the torment , aching for him , needing to feel him inside her , hating him for prolonging her agony like this and resenting the control that enabled him to do it .
the slide of bodies bathed in perspiration [stopped] as luke shuddered and stilled momentarily before moving to kneel over her , surveying her with glittering eyes , his shadow cast over her , and maria fell back against the pillows with a hoarse sob , wordlessly pleading with him to end the torment , aching for him , needing to feel him inside her , hating him for prolonging her agony like this and resenting the control that enabled him to do it .

Her hands ceased their uncertain fluttering , dropping to her lap as she sat back and then tugging at the hem of her skirt until it was at a more modest level .
her hands [stopped] their uncertain fluttering , dropping to her lap as she sat back and then tugging at the hem of her skirt until it was at a more modest level .

But she had ceased to be surprised , or even confused , by the constantly changing facets of Alexander Vass .
but she had [stopped] to be surprised , or even confused , by the constantly changing facets of alexander vass .

If this power has been transferred elsewhere , meaningful accountability has ceased to exist .
if this power has been transferred elsewhere , meaningful accountability has [stopped] to exist .

In this case , the nation state will have ceased to exist .
in this case , the nation state will have [stopped] to exist .

Meredith 's surroundings ceased to exist .
meredith 's surroundings [stopped] to exist .

Coy-yll ( 1970 ) also showed that , for a given crystalline solid , there is a point at which increasing the electron beam current ceased to produce greater luminescence intensity ; he termed this the saturation level .
coy-yll ( 1970 ) also showed that , for a given crystalline solid , there is a point at which increasing the electron beam current [stopped] to produce greater luminescence intensity ; he termed this the saturation level .

Firstly , the Bank of England ceased to announce in advance the rate at which it would provide assistance .
firstly , the bank of england [stopped] to announce in advance the rate at which it would provide assistance .

Her fleet , which had almost ceased to exist by the end of the War of the Spanish Succession , was rapidly revived in the next two decades by able ministers such as Alberoni and Patino .
her fleet , which had almost [stopped] to exist by the end of the war of the spanish succession , was rapidly revived in the next two decades by able ministers such as alberoni and patino .

After 1930 when the concerted intellectual endeavour came to an end , the work of individual participants ceased to be of any theoretical interest .
after 1930 when the concerted intellectual endeavour came to an end , the work of individual participants [stopped] to be of any theoretical interest .

Walking , for example , is an activity which as we go about in everyday life we have ceased to be aware of ; but when we dance the automatically performed gestures of walking are perceived anew .
walking , for example , is an activity which as we go about in everyday life we have [stopped] to be aware of ; but when we dance the automatically performed gestures of walking are perceived anew .

In fact the terms ‘ form ’ and ‘ content ’ ceased to be operative and were replaced ( in so far as it makes sense to speak of replacement ) by the distinction between ‘ material ’ and ‘ device ’ .
in fact the terms ‘ form ’ and ‘ content ’ [stopped] to be operative and were replaced ( in so far as it makes sense to speak of replacement ) by the distinction between ‘ material ’ and ‘ device ’ .

Sometimes , on the nights when there were power cuts and the ceiling fans ceased to whirr , we would drag our mattresses outside and sleep under the stars .
sometimes , on the nights when there were power cuts and the ceiling fans [stopped] to whirr , we would drag our mattresses outside and sleep under the stars .

From there they went darting across the boiling surface like a dragon-fly , skimming with the currents where the banks were swept too open and smooth to hold flotsam , swinging aside round the sergeant 's paddle in the marked spots ; round the shovel-shaped end of Eel Island , which had scooped up a full load of branches , twigs , uprooted grass , and even more curious trophies , but not what they were seeking ; a little way down the sluggish backwater beyond , until motion ceased in stagnant shallows , and still there was nothing ; out into the flood again , hopping back on to the current as on to a moving belt that whisked them away ; revolving out of the race again where the trees leaned down into the water at the curve by the Lacey farm , acting like a great , living grille to filter out debris ; clean across the width of the river at the next coil , to where the long , sandy shallow ran out and encircled a miniature beach .
from there they went darting across the boiling surface like a dragon-fly , skimming with the currents where the banks were swept too open and smooth to hold flotsam , swinging aside round the sergeant 's paddle in the marked spots ; round the shovel-shaped end of eel island , which had scooped up a full load of branches , twigs , uprooted grass , and even more curious trophies , but not what they were seeking ; a little way down the sluggish backwater beyond , until motion [stopped] in stagnant shallows , and still there was nothing ; out into the flood again , hopping back on to the current as on to a moving belt that whisked them away ; revolving out of the race again where the trees leaned down into the water at the curve by the lacey farm , acting like a great , living grille to filter out debris ; clean across the width of the river at the next coil , to where the long , sandy shallow ran out and encircled a miniature beach .

‘ that a person who has entered into the contract may either affirm or avoid such contract after the duress has ceased ; and if he has so voluntarily acted under it with a full knowledge of all the circumstances he may be held bound on the ground of ratification , or if , after escaping from the duress , he takes no steps to set aside the transaction he may be found to have affirmed it . ’
‘ that a person who has entered into the contract may either affirm or avoid such contract after the duress has [stopped] ; and if he has so voluntarily acted under it with a full knowledge of all the circumstances he may be held bound on the ground of ratification , or if , after escaping from the duress , he takes no steps to set aside the transaction he may be found to have affirmed it . ’

However , she ceased to weep .
however , she [stopped] to weep .

The rain had ceased and behind the wherry 's mast was a splendid yellow and grey sky .
the rain had [stopped] and behind the wherry 's mast was a splendid yellow and grey sky .

Alone in the room where he passed his nights , Frere closed the chapter of the Bible which had long ceased to occupy his thoughts .
alone in the room where he passed his nights , frere closed the chapter of the bible which had long [stopped] to occupy his thoughts .

Military forts were an innovation , but following the move of the Roman army to the west and north , they ceased to have their former landscape importance .
military forts were an innovation , but following the move of the roman army to the west and north , they [stopped] to have their former landscape importance .

The hamlets of Bordesley and Osmerley in Worcestershire ceased to exist when Bordesley Abbey was established .
the hamlets of bordesley and osmerley in worcestershire [stopped] to exist when bordesley abbey was established .

The madding crowd seems to have ceased madding .
the madding crowd seems to have [stopped] madding .

’ The policy of containment ’ refers to a period between 1946 and 1949 when the Western powers had decided that a stalemate had been reached , with the Soviet Union and that the power of communism had ceased to grow and expand .
’ the policy of containment ’ refers to a period between 1946 and 1949 when the western powers had decided that a stalemate had been reached , with the soviet union and that the power of communism had [stopped] to grow and expand .

After the fighting had ceased women would go out and scavenge amongst the bodies , removing useful clothing and equipment which could be passed on to others , They became very skilful in preparing food with few resources , relying on the plants and small animals in the area they were camped .
after the fighting had [stopped] women would go out and scavenge amongst the bodies , removing useful clothing and equipment which could be passed on to others , they became very skilful in preparing food with few resources , relying on the plants and small animals in the area they were camped .

It was recalled that when the Community Charge was introduced and differential rating for the rural areas of the borough ceased , to compensate the rural areas the Borough Council undertook to pay Parish Clerks ' salaries and to be responsible for the maintenance of playing fields .
it was recalled that when the community charge was introduced and differential rating for the rural areas of the borough [stopped] , to compensate the rural areas the borough council undertook to pay parish clerks ' salaries and to be responsible for the maintenance of playing fields .

You will of course recall that with the introduction of community charge the differential rating of the rural areas of the Borough ceased .
you will of course recall that with the introduction of community charge the differential rating of the rural areas of the borough [stopped] .

That the economy did not show signs of recovery once hostilities had ceased had more to do with the political choices made by the Franco regime than with the economic structures themselves .
that the economy did not show signs of recovery once hostilities had [stopped] had more to do with the political choices made by the franco regime than with the economic structures themselves .

The Party Secretariat ceased to have ministerial status , but , in reality , both it and the vast bureaucracy it controlled continued to function exactly as before .
the party secretariat [stopped] to have ministerial status , but , in reality , both it and the vast bureaucracy it controlled continued to function exactly as before .

Christian Aid was involved in a Third World Consortium which has now ceased to exist — why ? We should look into this and learn from successes/mistakes , etc .
christian aid was involved in a third world consortium which has now [stopped] to exist — why ? we should look into this and learn from successes/mistakes , etc .

Their directors , despairing of raising any money from the cooks and porters and pet dogs who made up the bulk of their subscribers , quietly ceased to badger .
their directors , despairing of raising any money from the cooks and porters and pet dogs who made up the bulk of their subscribers , quietly [stopped] to badger .

Those who ceased to associate with such organizations within one month of the law coming into effect would be exempt from punishment .
those who [stopped] to associate with such organizations within one month of the law coming into effect would be exempt from punishment .

Formal co-operation mechanisms between the three countries ceased to function when the East African Community collapsed in 1977 [ see pp .
formal co-operation mechanisms between the three countries [stopped] to function when the east african community collapsed in 1977 [ see pp .

They had ceased operations in February 1992 on the basis of government 's pledges to provide land and credits , and were now demanding that these pledges be honoured .
they had [stopped] operations in february 1992 on the basis of government 's pledges to provide land and credits , and were now demanding that these pledges be honoured .

As from the end of 1990 Canada , Colombia , Ethiopia , Malaysia and Finland ceased to be non-permanent members of the 15-member Security Council , their two-year terms ending on Dec. 31 .
as from the end of 1990 canada , colombia , ethiopia , malaysia and finland [stopped] to be non-permanent members of the 15-member security council , their two-year terms ending on dec. 31 .

The United States carrier Pan American World Airways ( Pan Am ) ceased operations on Dec. 4 after facing heavy financial losses ; an estimated 10,000 of the airline 's employees were reported to have been made redundant .
the united states carrier pan american world airways ( pan am ) [stopped] operations on dec. 4 after facing heavy financial losses ; an estimated 10,000 of the airline 's employees were reported to have been made redundant .

In particular , abortion had ceased to be a clear-cut electoral asset because younger and more affluent voters had become concerned that the Supreme Court would criminalize it , and the ending of the Cold War had undermined the traditional Republican issue of a strong defence policy .
in particular , abortion had [stopped] to be a clear-cut electoral asset because younger and more affluent voters had become concerned that the supreme court would criminalize it , and the ending of the cold war had undermined the traditional republican issue of a strong defence policy .

Absent among the original signatories of the Warsaw Treaty , concluded in 1955 [ see pp. 14249-51 ] , were Albania , which withdrew in 1968 [ see p , 22944 ] , and East Germany which ceased to exist on its unification with West Germany in October 1990 [ see pp. 37761-63 ] .
absent among the original signatories of the warsaw treaty , concluded in 1955 [ see pp. 14249-51 ] , were albania , which withdrew in 1968 [ see p , 22944 ] , and east germany which [stopped] to exist on its unification with west germany in october 1990 [ see pp. 37761-63 ] .

The sundial was a small object and , once the Earl had detached it ( as he did many years earlier ) from its pedestal , it ceased to be part of the realty .
the sundial was a small object and , once the earl had detached it ( as he did many years earlier ) from its pedestal , it [stopped] to be part of the realty .

( 2 ) If any person unlawfully deprives the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or attempts to do so , he shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe , that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises .
( 2 ) if any person unlawfully deprives the residential occupier of any premises of his occupation of the premises or any part thereof , or attempts to do so , he shall be guilty of an offence unless he proves that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe , that the residential occupier had [stopped] to reside in the premises .

( 8 ) In proceedings to enforce a liability arising by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above , it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe — ( a ) that the residential occupier had ceased to reside in the premises in question at the time when he was deprived of occupation as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above or , as the case may be , when the attempt was made or the acts were done as a result of which he gave up his occupation of those premises ; or ( b ) that , where the liability would otherwise arise by virtue only of the doing of acts or the withdrawal or withholding of services , he had reasonable grounds for doing the acts or withdrawing or withholding the services in question .
( 8 ) in proceedings to enforce a liability arising by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above , it shall be a defence for the defendant to prove that he believed , and had reasonable cause to believe — ( a ) that the residential occupier had [stopped] to reside in the premises in question at the time when he was deprived of occupation as mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above or , as the case may be , when the attempt was made or the acts were done as a result of which he gave up his occupation of those premises ; or ( b ) that , where the liability would otherwise arise by virtue only of the doing of acts or the withdrawal or withholding of services , he had reasonable grounds for doing the acts or withdrawing or withholding the services in question .

28 ( 1 ) The basis for the assessment of damages referred to in section 27(3) is the difference in value , determined as at the time immediately before the residential occupier ceased to occupy the premises in question as his residence , between — ( a ) the value of the interest if the landlord in default determined on the assumption that the residential occupier continues to have the same right to occupy the premises as before that time ; and ( b ) the value of that interest determined on the assumption that the residential occupier has ceased to have that right .
28 ( 1 ) the basis for the assessment of damages referred to in section 27(3) is the difference in value , determined as at the time immediately before the residential occupier [stopped] to occupy the premises in question as his residence , between — ( a ) the value of the interest if the landlord in default determined on the assumption that the residential occupier continues to have the same right to occupy the premises as before that time ; and ( b ) the value of that interest determined on the assumption that the residential occupier has [stopped] to have that right .

And see s.24(3) : [ n ] o goods shall be regarded as having continued to be stolen after they have been returned to the person from whom they were stolen or to other lawful possession or custody or after that person and any other person claiming through him have otherwise ceased as regards these goods to have any right to restitution in respect of the theft .
and see s.24(3) : [ n ] o goods shall be regarded as having continued to be stolen after they have been returned to the person from whom they were stolen or to other lawful possession or custody or after that person and any other person claiming through him have otherwise [stopped] as regards these goods to have any right to restitution in respect of the theft .

As the plaintiff had ceased to occupy the house , it was likely that she was not covered by insurance .
as the plaintiff had [stopped] to occupy the house , it was likely that she was not covered by insurance .

In 1945 contributory negligence ceased to be a complete defence and became grounds for apportioning liability .
in 1945 contributory negligence [stopped] to be a complete defence and became grounds for apportioning liability .

Unlike the sentimental francophile in Downing Street , the American president believed that France had ceased , for the foreseeable future , to be a great power .
unlike the sentimental francophile in downing street , the american president believed that france had [stopped] , for the foreseeable future , to be a great power .

Since the Brazzaville Conference of January 1944 he had never ceased to believe that `` the populations dependent on us should have the right to self-determination `` .
since the brazzaville conference of january 1944 he had never [stopped] to believe that `` the populations dependent on us should have the right to self-determination `` .

But for those who could receive a smattering of instruction at home , or who had spent a short while at day schools in their infancy , they may well have nourished a plant that might otherwise have ceased to grow , or even withered .
but for those who could receive a smattering of instruction at home , or who had spent a short while at day schools in their infancy , they may well have nourished a plant that might otherwise have [stopped] to grow , or even withered .

For example : Priority date 1st August 1988 Infringement commenced 1st July 1989 Infringement ceased 1st January 1991 Patent formally granted 1st February 1992 The patent owner will be entitled to damages based on the period of infringement ( 1st July 1989 to 1st January 1991 ) but can not bring a legal action for damages against the infringer until after 1st February 1986 .
for example : priority date 1st august 1988 infringement commenced 1st july 1989 infringement [stopped] 1st january 1991 patent formally granted 1st february 1992 the patent owner will be entitled to damages based on the period of infringement ( 1st july 1989 to 1st january 1991 ) but can not bring a legal action for damages against the infringer until after 1st february 1986 .

( 183 ) But she admired even more what came later ; how after she had ceased wanting to blot him entirely from her mind , to make him not to be , they had found that they could after all talk good sense and kindness to each other . ( Murdoch 1963 : 14 ; in van Ek 1966 : 119 )
( 183 ) but she admired even more what came later ; how after she had [stopped] wanting to blot him entirely from her mind , to make him not to be , they had found that they could after all talk good sense and kindness to each other . ( murdoch 1963 : 14 ; in van ek 1966 : 119 )

Mabel had learned her lesson and coke throwing ceased .
mabel had learned her lesson and coke throwing [stopped] .

Farms that have ceased to exist in the last few years have been Osentons ( or Clinkham Farm ) , Whitings , Clements and Flint House .
farms that have [stopped] to exist in the last few years have been osentons ( or clinkham farm ) , whitings , clements and flint house .

Morag and Mary were two such women and we never ceased to wonder at the amount of work they got through in a day .
morag and mary were two such women and we never [stopped] to wonder at the amount of work they got through in a day .

From the end of 1990 the Funeral Service Preliminary Examination ceased to exist .
from the end of 1990 the funeral service preliminary examination [stopped] to exist .

Initially the impact of stones on the impeller was palpable by the operator , but asstones were reduced to a fine sediment the impacts ceased .
initially the impact of stones on the impeller was palpable by the operator , but asstones were reduced to a fine sediment the impacts [stopped] .

Furthermore , it is logical that models which can yield an investment strategy capable of beating a process of random selection and ‘ buy-and-hold ’ would not be published until they ceased to be profitable for their creators .
furthermore , it is logical that models which can yield an investment strategy capable of beating a process of random selection and ‘ buy-and-hold ’ would not be published until they [stopped] to be profitable for their creators .

If he thinks he is in an adult-adult transaction while the follower has moved to a child-parent response , because he thinks the leader is refusing to accept the point he is making , communication has ceased .
if he thinks he is in an adult-adult transaction while the follower has moved to a child-parent response , because he thinks the leader is refusing to accept the point he is making , communication has [stopped] .

‘ Ladies ’ verse ' became a phrase of scorn ; anthologies ceased to include any , readers forgot its existence , and Elizabeth Barrett Browning was able to complain that she had no poetic grandmothers .
‘ ladies ’ verse ' became a phrase of scorn ; anthologies [stopped] to include any , readers forgot its existence , and elizabeth barrett browning was able to complain that she had no poetic grandmothers .

’ Of parish-pump politics in his old suburban nesting place , Sevenoaks : ‘ While everyone would pretend that a solution was what was wanted when there was a problem , in fact what most people wanted was trouble … The fatal addiction of the human race to trouble is something which , even at 50 , has not ceased to amaze me .
’ of parish-pump politics in his old suburban nesting place , sevenoaks : ‘ while everyone would pretend that a solution was what was wanted when there was a problem , in fact what most people wanted was trouble … the fatal addiction of the human race to trouble is something which , even at 50 , has not [stopped] to amaze me .

If we were to use the word ‘ God ’ to mean something subject to change we would have ceased to use it in the Jewish-Christian-Islamic sense to refer to the mystery of Creation .
if we were to use the word ‘ god ’ to mean something subject to change we would have [stopped] to use it in the jewish-christian-islamic sense to refer to the mystery of creation .

Since the 1985 Mansion House speech broad money has ceased to be targeted .
since the 1985 mansion house speech broad money has [stopped] to be targeted .

In Staffordshire the forest of Cannock had virtually ceased to exist by the end of Elizabeth 's reign , and in Kinver Forest only Iverley Hay remained in the hands of the Crown , and even there the deer had disappeared , and the woods for the most part had been cut down .
in staffordshire the forest of cannock had virtually [stopped] to exist by the end of elizabeth 's reign , and in kinver forest only iverley hay remained in the hands of the crown , and even there the deer had disappeared , and the woods for the most part had been cut down .

As the south of Britain became hostile territory , the Scots ceased to be north Britons , and became enthusiastic Europeans .
as the south of britain became hostile territory , the scots [stopped] to be north britons , and became enthusiastic europeans .

By the time of Constantine , who christianised the empire , it had ceased to exist .
by the time of constantine , who christianised the empire , it had [stopped] to exist .

Even your friends ceased to exist .
even your friends [stopped] to exist .

Economically , of course , it had never ceased and had been to both countries ' benefit .
economically , of course , it had never [stopped] and had been to both countries ' benefit .

In the eighteenth century , for example , Jonathan Edwards ' defence of High Calvinism was read and appreciated in England ; ministerial exchanges between the two countries never ceased and religious developments and controversies in one country normally occurred in the other .
in the eighteenth century , for example , jonathan edwards ' defence of high calvinism was read and appreciated in england ; ministerial exchanges between the two countries never [stopped] and religious developments and controversies in one country normally occurred in the other .

Protestants believe that Protestantism produces better people and a better society , and this belief is held by even those people who have ceased to have any active religious commitment .
protestants believe that protestantism produces better people and a better society , and this belief is held by even those people who have [stopped] to have any active religious commitment .

People ceased trying to understand the psychology of the horse , and cruel methods of training were used based on force and pain .
people [stopped] trying to understand the psychology of the horse , and cruel methods of training were used based on force and pain .

Within several days she had forgotten her bad habit and her anxiety , and ceased to require an inducement to let someone climb on her back .
within several days she had forgotten her bad habit and her anxiety , and [stopped] to require an inducement to let someone climb on her back .

The wires of the fence were eventually replaced with mesh , and Halima having tried once , and finding that her leg did not go through , ceased to paw at the fence for oats .
the wires of the fence were eventually replaced with mesh , and halima having tried once , and finding that her leg did not go through , [stopped] to paw at the fence for oats .

Usually though , suicide is an act of complete despair , performed by an individual who feels there is no other option , and for whom life has ceased to have any positive features .
usually though , suicide is an act of complete despair , performed by an individual who feels there is no other option , and for whom life has [stopped] to have any positive features .

Paul , a native of Samosata on the Euphrates , became bishop of Antioch-on-the-Orontes , third city of the empire , at a time when Syria ceased to be under Roman control but was briefly part of the kingdom of Palmyra under Queen Zenobia ( 266–71 ) .
paul , a native of samosata on the euphrates , became bishop of antioch-on-the-orontes , third city of the empire , at a time when syria [stopped] to be under roman control but was briefly part of the kingdom of palmyra under queen zenobia ( 266–71 ) .

Most Christians had a strong reserve towards that polytheism that pervaded society , which is not to say that there were not quiet compromisers , like the Christians of southern Spain early in the fourth century who held official cultic positions in the worship of Jupiter , or the bishop of Troy who could painlessly apostatize under Julian because he had never ceased to pray to the sun-god .
most christians had a strong reserve towards that polytheism that pervaded society , which is not to say that there were not quiet compromisers , like the christians of southern spain early in the fourth century who held official cultic positions in the worship of jupiter , or the bishop of troy who could painlessly apostatize under julian because he had never [stopped] to pray to the sun-god .

By the 430s , the cultural and religious divisions between Christian bishops and pagan senators had ceased to divide .
by the 430s , the cultural and religious divisions between christian bishops and pagan senators had [stopped] to divide .

If ‘ the Court ’ is an expression scarcely ever heard in everyday conversation , it is not because it has ceased to exist but because it no longer wields overt influence .
if ‘ the court ’ is an expression scarcely ever heard in everyday conversation , it is not because it has [stopped] to exist but because it no longer wields overt influence .

Apologists for the House of Lords argue that it ceased to be the exclusive preserve of the upper classes with the creation of Life Peerages in 1958 .
apologists for the house of lords argue that it [stopped] to be the exclusive preserve of the upper classes with the creation of life peerages in 1958 .

The advantage of the Zuwaya image , from a libertarian point of view , is that the rallying points for groups larger than households are ancestors : dead men , who can not act ultra vires or be oppressive or unjust , or attempt to keep the group in being when the particular need for it has ceased .
the advantage of the zuwaya image , from a libertarian point of view , is that the rallying points for groups larger than households are ancestors : dead men , who can not act ultra vires or be oppressive or unjust , or attempt to keep the group in being when the particular need for it has [stopped] .

They had just ceased being lovers with no explanation or recriminations from either side being voiced .
they had just [stopped] being lovers with no explanation or recriminations from either side being voiced .

Wings ceased to beat against the air .
wings [stopped] to beat against the air .

Dr Hadley , who had asked the questions , ceased to play with the two-toned ball pen he had been using as a remote muscle of his tongue .
dr hadley , who had asked the questions , [stopped] to play with the two-toned ball pen he had been using as a remote muscle of his tongue .

Alida Thorne sat rigid until the calling ceased and the house folded back into silence , and her clock showed twenty minutes past twelve .
alida thorne sat rigid until the calling [stopped] and the house folded back into silence , and her clock showed twenty minutes past twelve .

To some extent Labour , despite its defeat , has ceased to be a Welsh , Scottish and North of England regional party .
to some extent labour , despite its defeat , has [stopped] to be a welsh , scottish and north of england regional party .

Election ‘ 92 : Can Labour ever recover from this ? The pendulum has ceased swinging
election ‘ 92 : can labour ever recover from this ? the pendulum has [stopped] swinging

The pendulum has ceased swinging .
the pendulum has [stopped] swinging .

Electorally , Labour has almost ceased to exist in those counties .
electorally , labour has almost [stopped] to exist in those counties .

Germany was prostrate ; France had ceased to be Britain 's inveterate enemy ; and the Soviet Union had enough on its hands rebuilding Mother Russia .
germany was prostrate ; france had [stopped] to be britain 's inveterate enemy ; and the soviet union had enough on its hands rebuilding mother russia .

Further down yet , the terracing ceased and became pairs of large semi-detached houses set well back from the road with the front gardens mostly paved and dedicated to parking space .
further down yet , the terracing [stopped] and became pairs of large semi-detached houses set well back from the road with the front gardens mostly paved and dedicated to parking space .

Whatever the form of ownership — and there is plenty of room and need for experiment — the aim is the same : to bridge the gap between ownership and control that has grown ever since companies ceased to be run by proprietors in the first half of this century .
whatever the form of ownership — and there is plenty of room and need for experiment — the aim is the same : to bridge the gap between ownership and control that has grown ever since companies [stopped] to be run by proprietors in the first half of this century .

House-to-house searches have ceased , at least for the moment , but the arrests continue .
house-to-house searches have [stopped] , at least for the moment , but the arrests continue .

The flow of Shia refugees from Iraq into southern Iran , which peaked in mid-March , has slowed but not ceased .
the flow of shia refugees from iraq into southern iran , which peaked in mid-march , has slowed but not [stopped] .

The shift from family ownership to full stockmarket-listings marked the first time when the owners of American firms ceased to manage them .
the shift from family ownership to full stockmarket-listings marked the first time when the owners of american firms [stopped] to manage them .

After successive purges , the party ceased to have any pretension to ideology .
after successive purges , the party [stopped] to have any pretension to ideology .

Yet it remains that , for the first time in 15 years and since the controversy over abortion , opinions are divided so haphazardly that traditional political alliances have ceased to operate .
yet it remains that , for the first time in 15 years and since the controversy over abortion , opinions are divided so haphazardly that traditional political alliances have [stopped] to operate .

Our clients understand it ceased trading on December 24 and it follows that the reference NatWest gave was worthless .
our clients understand it [stopped] trading on december 24 and it follows that the reference natwest gave was worthless .

Creditors are also unhappy about the way the business has ceased trading under one of its names .
creditors are also unhappy about the way the business has [stopped] trading under one of its names .

The Times noted ‘ fruit trees which had begun to blossom after having long ceased ’ .
the times noted ‘ fruit trees which had begun to blossom after having long [stopped] ’ .

Officially the lift ceased to operate in November 1910 and this is also recorded in a traffic return for the period .
officially the lift [stopped] to operate in november 1910 and this is also recorded in a traffic return for the period .

One of the best sees bargaining power simply in terms of the end results that it can achieve : It is the strength of the negotiator 's position after all bluffing has ceased , or failed .
one of the best sees bargaining power simply in terms of the end results that it can achieve : it is the strength of the negotiator 's position after all bluffing has [stopped] , or failed .

it made eating and doing a little more exciting to know that someone else had just ceased doing these basic human things for ever .
it made eating and doing a little more exciting to know that someone else had just [stopped] doing these basic human things for ever .

Could he still love her when she had ceased to be a symbol and walked in the lesser light of her own individuality ?
could he still love her when she had [stopped] to be a symbol and walked in the lesser light of her own individuality ?

Beetle attack which has ceased requires little attention except for any necessary repairs to the damaged timbers .
beetle attack which has [stopped] requires little attention except for any necessary repairs to the damaged timbers .

They first appeared in the seventeenth century and ceased to be built after the middle of the nineteenth century , when the advent of portable threshing machines meant that ricks could be built and threshed in the fields and field barns were no longer needed .
they first appeared in the seventeenth century and [stopped] to be built after the middle of the nineteenth century , when the advent of portable threshing machines meant that ricks could be built and threshed in the fields and field barns were no longer needed .

It had ceased to operate as a flour mill as early as 1938 and in the immediate post-war period it was used as a seed store .
it had [stopped] to operate as a flour mill as early as 1938 and in the immediate post-war period it was used as a seed store .

His old friend Barfield ruefully suggested that ‘ at a certain stage in his life he deliberately ceased to take any interest in himself except as a kind of spiritual animus taking stock of his moral faults … Self knowledge for him had come to mean recognition of his own weaknesses and shortcomings and nothing more .
his old friend barfield ruefully suggested that ‘ at a certain stage in his life he deliberately [stopped] to take any interest in himself except as a kind of spiritual animus taking stock of his moral faults … self knowledge for him had come to mean recognition of his own weaknesses and shortcomings and nothing more .

What we do know is that his full conversion to Christianity released in him a literary flow which only ceased with death .
what we do know is that his full conversion to christianity released in him a literary flow which only [stopped] with death .

By the late 1960s , Hammer had ceased to become an effective production centre but its influence was still at work .
by the late 1960s , hammer had [stopped] to become an effective production centre but its influence was still at work .

He did n't mind what Jack knew about him , within reason , that is , although he had ceased to confide in him as absolutely as he had in the days when they passed through Kingsmarkham Primary School together .
he did n't mind what jack knew about him , within reason , that is , although he had [stopped] to confide in him as absolutely as he had in the days when they passed through kingsmarkham primary school together .

His daughter 's beauty had never ceased to surprise the chief inspector .
his daughter 's beauty had never [stopped] to surprise the chief inspector .

The singing and shouting ceased as we did this .
the singing and shouting [stopped] as we did this .

The information required will be — the full names of the ceased person , and any other names that they have been known by , including the maiden surname of a woman who has been married ; their date and place of birth ; their recent occupation , and their husband 's full name and occupation , if the person who has died was a married woman .
the information required will be — the full names of the [stopped] person , and any other names that they have been known by , including the maiden surname of a woman who has been married ; their date and place of birth ; their recent occupation , and their husband 's full name and occupation , if the person who has died was a married woman .

As regards restoration , just as we would not dream of stripping out the original interior of the Blackfriar , by the same token we would not seek to preserve a Thirties estate pub which had long since ceased to address the needs of the community it was built to serve .
as regards restoration , just as we would not dream of stripping out the original interior of the blackfriar , by the same token we would not seek to preserve a thirties estate pub which had long since [stopped] to address the needs of the community it was built to serve .

Whether because they had ceased to be pleased about her birthday or simply because they were tired , she did not know .
whether because they had [stopped] to be pleased about her birthday or simply because they were tired , she did not know .

It is as though you are drugged and have ceased to care .
it is as though you are drugged and have [stopped] to care .

It does no such thing ; rather it defines the circumstances and conditions in which a marriage has ceased to be a source of happiness and strength to those involved and may be brought to an end … There is no compulsive power in this amendment , nor will supporting legislation contain any obligation on those who do not wish to do so to use the mechanism it will set up .
it does no such thing ; rather it defines the circumstances and conditions in which a marriage has [stopped] to be a source of happiness and strength to those involved and may be brought to an end … there is no compulsive power in this amendment , nor will supporting legislation contain any obligation on those who do not wish to do so to use the mechanism it will set up .

So far , the free world has liked him both for having been , and for having ceased to be , a communist of a sort , for the freedoms he seeks in matters of literary form , for the modern inventiveness and manipulation of the literary games he plays , games that none the less commemorate , as he acknowledges , Cervantes , Sterne and Diderot , and for the sexual games which he plays in an age when , as he once put it , sexuality has ceased to be taboo .
so far , the free world has liked him both for having been , and for having [stopped] to be , a communist of a sort , for the freedoms he seeks in matters of literary form , for the modern inventiveness and manipulation of the literary games he plays , games that none the less commemorate , as he acknowledges , cervantes , sterne and diderot , and for the sexual games which he plays in an age when , as he once put it , sexuality has [stopped] to be taboo .

‘ All mining of red iron has ceased .
‘ all mining of red iron has [stopped] .

Without the ebb and flow of passengers , the arrival and departure of trains , they have in a very real sense ceased to be .
without the ebb and flow of passengers , the arrival and departure of trains , they have in a very real sense [stopped] to be .

The cancer was not eliminated , but its growth ceased , and for many years could be prevented from spreading to distant tissues as long as treatment with hormones continued .
the cancer was not eliminated , but its growth [stopped] , and for many years could be prevented from spreading to distant tissues as long as treatment with hormones continued .

Layforce having virtually ceased to exist , there was no longer any credible raiding force at the disposal of the Commander-in-Chief .
layforce having virtually [stopped] to exist , there was no longer any credible raiding force at the disposal of the commander-in-chief .

By the time the traffic ceased , they were far too late to carry out a proper raid on the airfield and had to content themselves with shooting up transport along the road .
by the time the traffic [stopped] , they were far too late to carry out a proper raid on the airfield and had to content themselves with shooting up transport along the road .

When the attack ceased they managed to cannibalize parts to get one truck going and set off for the rendezvous with Fraser , only to find nobody there .
when the attack [stopped] they managed to cannibalize parts to get one truck going and set off for the rendezvous with fraser , only to find nobody there .

On the second day his water gave out and he resorted to drinking his own urine , until that too ceased .
on the second day his water gave out and he resorted to drinking his own urine , until that too [stopped] .

From being the centre of his attention one moment all of a sudden she ceased to exist .
from being the centre of his attention one moment all of a sudden she [stopped] to exist .

They kept their heads down in their books though they had long ceased to study , unwilling to catch his eye or even to breathe loudly .
they kept their heads down in their books though they had long [stopped] to study , unwilling to catch his eye or even to breathe loudly .

Tractable , capable of an immense amount of hard work with reasonable economy , it will have its devotees long after production has ceased .
tractable , capable of an immense amount of hard work with reasonable economy , it will have its devotees long after production has [stopped] .

During her too short life she never ceased to be Anglican ; but she was a Socialist , and a suffragette , and religion for her came to mean , not so much creed or piety , as having a lively social conscience .
during her too short life she never [stopped] to be anglican ; but she was a socialist , and a suffragette , and religion for her came to mean , not so much creed or piety , as having a lively social conscience .

And here was Conservatism , with a do-nothing prime minister in Mr Baldwin , with an out-of-date commitment to maintaining the British Empire in a world where it had ceased to be possible or right to maintain it , so that we spent millions in building a fortress at Singapore while we spent nothing more on housing or education .
and here was conservatism , with a do-nothing prime minister in mr baldwin , with an out-of-date commitment to maintaining the british empire in a world where it had [stopped] to be possible or right to maintain it , so that we spent millions in building a fortress at singapore while we spent nothing more on housing or education .

It was also noticed that he ceased to whistle unconsciously as he walked up the aisle from the vestry .
it was also noticed that he [stopped] to whistle unconsciously as he walked up the aisle from the vestry .

In 1947 it was agreed to impose exchange control on exports of capital to South Africa , but this was not pursued when these flows ceased in 1948 .
in 1947 it was agreed to impose exchange control on exports of capital to south africa , but this was not pursued when these flows [stopped] in 1948 .

Society is increasingly helpless to deal with it because it has ceased to be society .
society is increasingly helpless to deal with it because it has [stopped] to be society .

The rebellion of the American colonies in the eighteenth century confronted the British with an axiom which , for reasons which are capable of being understood , they found so unpleasant that more than two centuries later they have still not ceased attempting to wish it out of existence .
the rebellion of the american colonies in the eighteenth century confronted the british with an axiom which , for reasons which are capable of being understood , they found so unpleasant that more than two centuries later they have still not [stopped] attempting to wish it out of existence .

The shelling and the mortaring had ceased except for the occasional explosion near at hand .
the shelling and the mortaring had [stopped] except for the occasional explosion near at hand .

The shelling had ceased .
the shelling had [stopped] .

About twelve midnight the German positions in the village were over-run , and for about an hour the enemy mortaring in the farm area ceased .
about twelve midnight the german positions in the village were over-run , and for about an hour the enemy mortaring in the farm area [stopped] .

Fortunately the shelling had ceased with just the occasional mortar burst close at hand when the Duty Officer made his rounds at ‘ stand-to ' ’ .
fortunately the shelling had [stopped] with just the occasional mortar burst close at hand when the duty officer made his rounds at ‘ stand-to ' ’ .

The mortaring had ceased .
the mortaring had [stopped] .

The shelling stopped and all appeared to be quiet ; even the sniping had ceased .
the shelling stopped and all appeared to be quiet ; even the sniping had [stopped] .

Phoebe ceased even to bother to calm him down , to open herself to him .
phoebe [stopped] even to bother to calm him down , to open herself to him .

He never ceased to be amazed by her physical strength .
he never [stopped] to be amazed by her physical strength .

Any continuing contributions received will be put to this reserve but active fund-raising for the Appeal has now ceased .
any continuing contributions received will be put to this reserve but active fund-raising for the appeal has now [stopped] .

On the other hand , when television coverage of unemployment almost ceased in the third week , public demand for political debate on the issue also dropped slightly , from 66 per cent to 56 per cent , and it remained at this new lower level thereafter .
on the other hand , when television coverage of unemployment almost [stopped] in the third week , public demand for political debate on the issue also dropped slightly , from 66 per cent to 56 per cent , and it remained at this new lower level thereafter .

It was not until one could purchase ready standardised solutions , made in such bulk that the errors evened out , that the arguments ceased .
it was not until one could purchase ready standardised solutions , made in such bulk that the errors evened out , that the arguments [stopped] .

He held the Chair of Botany at Cambridge for thirty years , although he ceased lecturing in 1735 and that University 's Botanic Garden was not established until 1762 ( see Chapter 17 ) .
he held the chair of botany at cambridge for thirty years , although he [stopped] lecturing in 1735 and that university 's botanic garden was not established until 1762 ( see chapter 17 ) .

The ‘ superstore ’ Failed to prove a viable proposition and it subsequently became a workshop for a specialist firm of motorcar body builders used by Rolls Royce cars , and only in more recent years has that business ceased and the premises redeveloped as office accommodation .
the ‘ superstore ’ failed to prove a viable proposition and it subsequently became a workshop for a specialist firm of motorcar body builders used by rolls royce cars , and only in more recent years has that business [stopped] and the premises redeveloped as office accommodation .

The effect in Britain was a sizeable reduction in arable areas of production , and the agricultural industry gradually ceased to be the employer of the most workers .
the effect in britain was a sizeable reduction in arable areas of production , and the agricultural industry gradually [stopped] to be the employer of the most workers .

‘ V2s ’ continued to arrive , however , until all the launching sites were overrun by the advancing Allied troops , but they ceased on 28th .
‘ v2s ’ continued to arrive , however , until all the launching sites were overrun by the advancing allied troops , but they [stopped] on 28th .

April 1945 ; British and Commonwealth troops , having rescued Venice continued to arrive at Trieste by the beginning of May , meeting the Yugoslav troops of Tito , in the hills above that City , and fighting against the Germans effectively ceased in Italy .
april 1945 ; british and commonwealth troops , having rescued venice continued to arrive at trieste by the beginning of may , meeting the yugoslav troops of tito , in the hills above that city , and fighting against the germans effectively [stopped] in italy .

Combat in Europe actually ceased on 13th , May , when the Russian troops completed their occupation of Czechoslovakia .
combat in europe actually [stopped] on 13th , may , when the russian troops completed their occupation of czechoslovakia .

Also , in October 1949 , the Communists ' who had been fighting in the Greek Civil War , ceased fighting .
also , in october 1949 , the communists ' who had been fighting in the greek civil war , [stopped] fighting .

The working man was so successfully emancipated that he ( and even more , polls suggest , his wife ) ceased to defer to those who said they were his public spokesmen .
the working man was so successfully emancipated that he ( and even more , polls suggest , his wife ) [stopped] to defer to those who said they were his public spokesmen .

In other words , health ceased to be the dominant provider of residential care while social services and the non-statutory sectors moved to positions of parity .
in other words , health [stopped] to be the dominant provider of residential care while social services and the non-statutory sectors moved to positions of parity .

There was a group of children in our sample who either because they could still remember harsh treatment at the hands of a parent , or because their parents had themselves ceased contact , deserted them , or showed no interest in them , had no desire to meet the parents or maintain a link .
there was a group of children in our sample who either because they could still remember harsh treatment at the hands of a parent , or because their parents had themselves [stopped] contact , deserted them , or showed no interest in them , had no desire to meet the parents or maintain a link .

Under severe campaigning requirements , soldiers could miss both spring planting and autumn harvest , but all campaigning ceased for winter although sieges were sometimes maintained through the winter months by means of entrenched camps and containing earthworks .
under severe campaigning requirements , soldiers could miss both spring planting and autumn harvest , but all campaigning [stopped] for winter although sieges were sometimes maintained through the winter months by means of entrenched camps and containing earthworks .

By this time winter had arrived , when campaigning usually ceased .
by this time winter had arrived , when campaigning usually [stopped] .

The name of emperor had ceased among the Greeks ( of Constantinople ) for they were enduring the reign of a woman , wherefore it seemed good both to Leo the apostolic Pope , and to the holy fathers in council with him , and to all Christian men , that they should hail Charles king of the Franks as emperor .
the name of emperor had [stopped] among the greeks ( of constantinople ) for they were enduring the reign of a woman , wherefore it seemed good both to leo the apostolic pope , and to the holy fathers in council with him , and to all christian men , that they should hail charles king of the franks as emperor .

Doubts arose over the length of time which might elapse before the child ceased to be regarded as ‘ newly born ’ , and the Infanticide Act 1938 extended the definition to the killing of a child within twelve months of its birth by a mother whose mind is disturbed either by reason of her not having fully recovered from the effect of giving birth to the child or by reason of the effect of lactation consequent upon the birth of the child .
doubts arose over the length of time which might elapse before the child [stopped] to be regarded as ‘ newly born ’ , and the infanticide act 1938 extended the definition to the killing of a child within twelve months of its birth by a mother whose mind is disturbed either by reason of her not having fully recovered from the effect of giving birth to the child or by reason of the effect of lactation consequent upon the birth of the child .

Suicide and attempted suicide ceased to be a crime when the Suicide Act 1961 became law , in recognition of the right to self-determination , but there remains an offence of aiding , abetting , counselling , or procuring the suicide of another which carries a maximum penalty of fourteen years ' imprisonment .
suicide and attempted suicide [stopped] to be a crime when the suicide act 1961 became law , in recognition of the right to self-determination , but there remains an offence of aiding , abetting , counselling , or procuring the suicide of another which carries a maximum penalty of fourteen years ' imprisonment .

He had ceased to give her any money .
he had [stopped] to give her any money .

This ceased to be the case as the middle-class , finding vaults overcrowded , erected miniature fortresses in the new necropolises and encased their dead in double , and even triple , coffins against the depredations of body-snatchers .
this [stopped] to be the case as the middle-class , finding vaults overcrowded , erected miniature fortresses in the new necropolises and encased their dead in double , and even triple , coffins against the depredations of body-snatchers .

There were , however , some immediate gains ; one of these was the decline of belief in hell , which gradually ceased to resound in the sermons of Ministers of God other than Calvinists .
there were , however , some immediate gains ; one of these was the decline of belief in hell , which gradually [stopped] to resound in the sermons of ministers of god other than calvinists .

He ceased to breathe yesterday about five o'clock .
he [stopped] to breathe yesterday about five o'clock .

‘ Mrs Cecil 's departure was preceded by such an entire sinking of her constitution and by an exhaustion tending so much to lethargy that she was seldom able to converse … and it was a peculiar favour to herself and daughters that Mr Simeon and her excellent son were in the house and watched for every reviving moment to pray or converse with her in all holy tenderness , till she ceased to breathe . ’
‘ mrs cecil 's departure was preceded by such an entire sinking of her constitution and by an exhaustion tending so much to lethargy that she was seldom able to converse … and it was a peculiar favour to herself and daughters that mr simeon and her excellent son were in the house and watched for every reviving moment to pray or converse with her in all holy tenderness , till she [stopped] to breathe . ’

Cholera victims who had hardly ceased to breathe were heaped precipitately into mass graves .
cholera victims who had hardly [stopped] to breathe were heaped precipitately into mass graves .

In assessing the impact of stories of premature interment , one must bear in mind that for most of the nineteenth century , medical science , such as it was , was helpless in the face of coma and cardiac arrest ; if the patient had apparently ceased breathing and had no discernable heartbeat , it was assumed that death had come .
in assessing the impact of stories of premature interment , one must bear in mind that for most of the nineteenth century , medical science , such as it was , was helpless in the face of coma and cardiac arrest ; if the patient had apparently [stopped] breathing and had no discernable heartbeat , it was assumed that death had come .

Another factor is whether or not the death of a plant or animal necessarily coincided with the point at which it ceased to exchange carbon with the environment .
another factor is whether or not the death of a plant or animal necessarily coincided with the point at which it [stopped] to exchange carbon with the environment .

In the transition from the nineteenth century to the twentieth century , clitoridectomy , it appears , ceased to be acceptable .
in the transition from the nineteenth century to the twentieth century , clitoridectomy , it appears , [stopped] to be acceptable .

Marcus became gentler , moved to sit nearer to Patrick , ceased his exertions and , after gazing at Pat for some time , began to caress one of his hands , turning it about in his own hands and pressing it .
marcus became gentler , moved to sit nearer to patrick , [stopped] his exertions and , after gazing at pat for some time , began to caress one of his hands , turning it about in his own hands and pressing it .

Her tears ceased abruptly .
her tears [stopped] abruptly .

Roland had ceased to be surprised that an English Department was sponsoring the study of French books .
roland had [stopped] to be surprised that an english department was sponsoring the study of french books .

Beckett mostly ceased writing in English after Watt , completed in the early 1940s .
beckett mostly [stopped] writing in english after watt , completed in the early 1940s .

One only has to note the impressive erudition manipulated by the likes of Borges , Cortázar , Carpentier or Fuentes or the intertextual references that abound in the new narrative to realize that the Spanish-American writer has long since ceased to be a provincial and is now very much a citizen of the world .
one only has to note the impressive erudition manipulated by the likes of borges , cortázar , carpentier or fuentes or the intertextual references that abound in the new narrative to realize that the spanish-american writer has long since [stopped] to be a provincial and is now very much a citizen of the world .

They scattered across the dirt plaza that gave the low-lying village its air of consequence ; those whose homes lay uphill began their journey with scuffling games of last-lick which ceased as the road became steep and the heat too strong .
they scattered across the dirt plaza that gave the low-lying village its air of consequence ; those whose homes lay uphill began their journey with scuffling games of last-lick which [stopped] as the road became steep and the heat too strong .

And so in the blazing heat of the next day Martha was supplied with a small replica of the new green , black and gold Jamaican flag and hoisted on to her stepfather 's shoulders at the gates of what had just ceased to be the colonial governor 's mansion , to see a small erect figure in the back of a Rolls-Royce drive slowly away .
and so in the blazing heat of the next day martha was supplied with a small replica of the new green , black and gold jamaican flag and hoisted on to her stepfather 's shoulders at the gates of what had just [stopped] to be the colonial governor 's mansion , to see a small erect figure in the back of a rolls-royce drive slowly away .

Sarajevo Radio said a newly formed ‘ military council ’ had ordered all Muslim inhabitants to surrender their weapons , and Yugoslavian federal army patrols were reported in the town centre after the fighting ceased .
sarajevo radio said a newly formed ‘ military council ’ had ordered all muslim inhabitants to surrender their weapons , and yugoslavian federal army patrols were reported in the town centre after the fighting [stopped] .

She had been assisted on humanitarian grounds for long enough and her allegations ‘ came forth when the assistance ceased ’ , it said .
she had been assisted on humanitarian grounds for long enough and her allegations ‘ came forth when the assistance [stopped] ’ , it said .

Without proportional representation Belgium would have ceased to exist as a state .
without proportional representation belgium would have [stopped] to exist as a state .

Charrington 's kept going for longer , but in 1975 , after 218 years , brewing ceased at the Anchor brewery .
charrington 's kept going for longer , but in 1975 , after 218 years , brewing [stopped] at the anchor brewery .

Under the Celuform scheme , the Company guarantees that faulty workmanship and materials is put right even if the installer has ceased trading .
under the celuform scheme , the company guarantees that faulty workmanship and materials is put right even if the installer has [stopped] trading .

Many diesel depots ceased to carry out maintenance for the Railfreight sector , with some facing the axe such as Gateshead and others concentrating on work for other sectors such as Bristol Bath Road .
many diesel depots [stopped] to carry out maintenance for the railfreight sector , with some facing the axe such as gateshead and others concentrating on work for other sectors such as bristol bath road .

In the Construction sub-sector , for example , the use of railway-owned vehicles on aggregates traffic ceased altogether in 1989 , following the withdrawal of a pool of 16.5 tonne opens based in the Peak District .
in the construction sub-sector , for example , the use of railway-owned vehicles on aggregates traffic [stopped] altogether in 1989 , following the withdrawal of a pool of 16.5 tonne opens based in the peak district .

Closures had practically ceased by 1980 but a far greater force had by then begun to take effect .
closures had practically [stopped] by 1980 but a far greater force had by then begun to take effect .

The same month saw the end of the Brechin line while in 1982 the Forfar service ceased in June .
the same month saw the end of the brechin line while in 1982 the forfar service [stopped] in june .

Time , in fact , had ceased to have meaning .
time , in fact , had [stopped] to have meaning .

If , as Hugh Kenner believes , Pound never ceased to love Dorothy even while he loved Olga , this is surely part of what he loved in her , an aspect of what she meant to him ; and so Pound 's feelings for and about England were , right to the end , not much less tormented than any English reader 's can be .
if , as hugh kenner believes , pound never [stopped] to love dorothy even while he loved olga , this is surely part of what he loved in her , an aspect of what she meant to him ; and so pound 's feelings for and about england were , right to the end , not much less tormented than any english reader 's can be .

However , he never ceased to admire a poem like ‘ The Widow 's Lament in Springtime ’ :
however , he never [stopped] to admire a poem like ‘ the widow 's lament in springtime ’ :

The floor patterns ceased to be confined to the curved , angled or straight lines decreed by the older rules which proposed that certain geometrical figures had great significance .
the floor patterns [stopped] to be confined to the curved , angled or straight lines decreed by the older rules which proposed that certain geometrical figures had great significance .

‘ The barriers had ceased to be an effective protection for Names as those losing their shirts on marine syndicates are only too painfully aware , ’ he said .
‘ the barriers had [stopped] to be an effective protection for names as those losing their shirts on marine syndicates are only too painfully aware , ’ he said .

Only a quarter tolerated the common misapprehension whereby to decimate has ceased to mean , as in the Roman legions , to slaughter one in 10 .
only a quarter tolerated the common misapprehension whereby to decimate has [stopped] to mean , as in the roman legions , to slaughter one in 10 .

‘ The barriers had ceased to be an effective protection for Names as those losing their shirts on marine syndicates are only too painfully aware , ’ he said .
‘ the barriers had [stopped] to be an effective protection for names as those losing their shirts on marine syndicates are only too painfully aware , ’ he said .

The steam engine and boiler were sold for scrap shortly after the mill ceased working , and the tall brick chimney , so long a distinctive landmark of the area , demolished some time later .
the steam engine and boiler were sold for scrap shortly after the mill [stopped] working , and the tall brick chimney , so long a distinctive landmark of the area , demolished some time later .

For reasons unknown , Adderly ceased production and put the mill up for sale .
for reasons unknown , adderly [stopped] production and put the mill up for sale .

Perhaps not surprisingly , by 1840 the cloth production ceased and the mill was converted to corn .
perhaps not surprisingly , by 1840 the cloth production [stopped] and the mill was converted to corn .

For many years , carding and spinning for Stanley Mill had been carried out there but eventually this ceased .
for many years , carding and spinning for stanley mill had been carried out there but eventually this [stopped] .

Clutterbuck ceased to work the mill during the latter half of the 1840s , for by 1847 it had been leased to a paper-maker , Frederick Wiggins , who apparently only operated it for a few years .
clutterbuck [stopped] to work the mill during the latter half of the 1840s , for by 1847 it had been leased to a paper-maker , frederick wiggins , who apparently only operated it for a few years .

By 1850 , papermaking had ceased , Clutterbuck re-converting the mill for cloth manufacture .
by 1850 , papermaking had [stopped] , clutterbuck re-converting the mill for cloth manufacture .

Around the time of the First World War , Clark brothers ceased operations , and the mill finally fell silent .
around the time of the first world war , clark brothers [stopped] operations , and the mill finally fell silent .

Marling eventually departed ( his lease ran for 21 years ) and cloth manufacture ceased .
marling eventually departed ( his lease ran for 21 years ) and cloth manufacture [stopped] .

Manufacture finally ceased in 1960 when the site became the home of Rooksmoor Mills Ltd , suppliers of high quality furniture and related products .
manufacture finally [stopped] in 1960 when the site became the home of rooksmoor mills ltd , suppliers of high quality furniture and related products .

This corn mill ceased operations around 1940 , becoming a grain store , and since part of a large landscaped garden near the impressive Highleadon Tithe Barn .
this corn mill [stopped] operations around 1940 , becoming a grain store , and since part of a large landscaped garden near the impressive highleadon tithe barn .

This had an iron undershot wheel but ceased operating some time in the 1920s .
this had an iron undershot wheel but [stopped] operating some time in the 1920s .

The company 's stay was fairly brief , for in 1908 operations ceased and the mill was put up for auction .
the company 's stay was fairly brief , for in 1908 operations [stopped] and the mill was put up for auction .

This trade carried on for many years , but as a result of more advantageously located competition , it finally ceased working in about 1930 .
this trade carried on for many years , but as a result of more advantageously located competition , it finally [stopped] working in about 1930 .

Within a few years , the last of the Forest 's paper mills ceased operations .
within a few years , the last of the forest 's paper mills [stopped] operations .

Shortly after the First World War , the mill ceased operating commercially , although it is said locally , that it was still used occasionally for the production of animal feed .
shortly after the first world war , the mill [stopped] operating commercially , although it is said locally , that it was still used occasionally for the production of animal feed .

Commercial milling is said to have ceased with the Second World War .
commercial milling is said to have [stopped] with the second world war .

Commercial use finally ceased in the 1930s when the machinery was removed and the domestic conversion carried out .
commercial use finally [stopped] in the 1930s when the machinery was removed and the domestic conversion carried out .

The milling side of the business ceased , following the Second World War .
the milling side of the business [stopped] , following the second world war .

Although milling ceased around four decades ago , the mill machinery both externally and internally is still virtually complete .
although milling [stopped] around four decades ago , the mill machinery both externally and internally is still virtually complete .

Tubbs and Lewis ran the mill for some time but finally ceased production there .
tubbs and lewis ran the mill for some time but finally [stopped] production there .

The boy 's shouting ceased , and he sat there stupefied .
the boy 's shouting [stopped] , and he sat there stupefied .

The church is in Romanesque style , but in this case it is mock-Romanesque , completion being many years after the style had ceased to be used .
the church is in romanesque style , but in this case it is mock-romanesque , completion being many years after the style had [stopped] to be used .

Under the Children Act 1989 a child 's lack of suitable education had ceased to be a specific ground for taking him/her into care .
under the children act 1989 a child 's lack of suitable education had [stopped] to be a specific ground for taking him/her into care .

But in wartime everything was more difficult : building had ceased , building sites were closed and workmen were mobilized , so that he had no easy source of stone .
but in wartime everything was more difficult : building had [stopped] , building sites were closed and workmen were mobilized , so that he had no easy source of stone .

When the grant ceased Zbo , as he was called , tried to earn a living by selling books and prints along the quayside , and gradually began to deal in the paintings of the modern and as yet unrecognized artists .
when the grant [stopped] zbo , as he was called , tried to earn a living by selling books and prints along the quayside , and gradually began to deal in the paintings of the modern and as yet unrecognized artists .

This is all a far cry from the cosy coffee morning , which is itself shorthand for a vast network of peer support groups in which women , who have ceased to be competitive for the first time in their lives , can find reassurance during a period of mindbending uncertainty .
this is all a far cry from the cosy coffee morning , which is itself shorthand for a vast network of peer support groups in which women , who have [stopped] to be competitive for the first time in their lives , can find reassurance during a period of mindbending uncertainty .

Once these images must have excited lust — enough to make someone take the trouble to cut them out and stick them up on the wall ; but after a day or two , or a week or two , the pictures had ceased to arouse , they had become familiar — faded and tattered and oil-stained , almost indistinguishable from the dirt and debris of the rest of the factory .
once these images must have excited lust — enough to make someone take the trouble to cut them out and stick them up on the wall ; but after a day or two , or a week or two , the pictures had [stopped] to arouse , they had become familiar — faded and tattered and oil-stained , almost indistinguishable from the dirt and debris of the rest of the factory .

The utopian vision of Gandhi ceased to have practical significance with the formation of the Government of India , and he handed power to the practical man of affairs , Nehru .
the utopian vision of gandhi [stopped] to have practical significance with the formation of the government of india , and he handed power to the practical man of affairs , nehru .

As the socialists ceased to be politically irrelevant sects and emerged as worker armies , the violence in the air reflected the contest both of the classes and of the Great Powers , set , it seemed , inexorably on the lunatic road to 1914 .
as the socialists [stopped] to be politically irrelevant sects and emerged as worker armies , the violence in the air reflected the contest both of the classes and of the great powers , set , it seemed , inexorably on the lunatic road to 1914 .

dislodged from its class groove , and has ceased to exist as a proletariat … Since large-scale capitalist industry has been destroyed , since the factories are at a standstill , the proletariat has disappeared .
dislodged from its class groove , and has [stopped] to exist as a proletariat … since large-scale capitalist industry has been destroyed , since the factories are at a standstill , the proletariat has disappeared .

Following his daughter 's death , Hugo ceased writing for several years .
following his daughter 's death , hugo [stopped] writing for several years .

These feastings have ceased , Yordas has gone , and little boys and people of all ages can now , in perfect safety , enter the roomy cavern where he lived .
these feastings have [stopped] , yordas has gone , and little boys and people of all ages can now , in perfect safety , enter the roomy cavern where he lived .

The view from its window across Thrush Green never ceased to enchant Ruth Bassett .
the view from its window across thrush green never [stopped] to enchant ruth bassett .

All three were drinking whisky , barely moistened with soda water , with a rapidity that had ceased to startle their friends .
all three were drinking whisky , barely moistened with soda water , with a rapidity that had [stopped] to startle their friends .

The main difference , though , was that while Pompeii was obliterated by the steady accumulation of ashes over a long period , perhaps as much as two days , Herculaneum was overwhelmed in a matter of minutes , possibly well after the eruption proper had ceased .
the main difference , though , was that while pompeii was obliterated by the steady accumulation of ashes over a long period , perhaps as much as two days , herculaneum was overwhelmed in a matter of minutes , possibly well after the eruption proper had [stopped] .

The port of Anjer quite simply ceased to exist as the succession of great waves washed over it , carrying away all the flimsy wooden buildings that made up the town .
the port of anjer quite simply [stopped] to exist as the succession of great waves washed over it , carrying away all the flimsy wooden buildings that made up the town .

The ash-fall itself ceased two hours later .
the ash-fall itself [stopped] two hours later .

Even after he had ceased to be a Neoplatonist , St Augustine remained very much under the influence of Plato 's philosophical ideas , in particular those concerning time .
even after he had [stopped] to be a neoplatonist , st augustine remained very much under the influence of plato 's philosophical ideas , in particular those concerning time .

As this took place , Eternity gradually ceased to serve as the measure and focus of human actions .
as this took place , eternity gradually [stopped] to serve as the measure and focus of human actions .

In Britain in the early days of cinema , prosecutions were brought not for obscenity , but for breaches of licensing conditions , and when certification became the rule in 1923 , legal actions ceased for half a century until sex suddenly became a burning media issue in most Western countries .
in britain in the early days of cinema , prosecutions were brought not for obscenity , but for breaches of licensing conditions , and when certification became the rule in 1923 , legal actions [stopped] for half a century until sex suddenly became a burning media issue in most western countries .

In the eyes of the Department of Energy , wave power on a large scale is uneconomical and it ceased to fund such projects following reviews in 1983 and 1985 .
in the eyes of the department of energy , wave power on a large scale is uneconomical and it [stopped] to fund such projects following reviews in 1983 and 1985 .

In their defensive exchanges , they ceased to value what had first so attracted them to each other .
in their defensive exchanges , they [stopped] to value what had first so attracted them to each other .

Organised resistance to William in Scotland ceased , though the last clans did not formally submit for another 18 months .
organised resistance to william in scotland [stopped] , though the last clans did not formally submit for another 18 months .

Eventually , as the winter darkness descended , the fighting ceased , both sides boasting of a victory , though as Argyll re-occupied Sheriffmuir the following morning he had the better claim to have won .
eventually , as the winter darkness descended , the fighting [stopped] , both sides boasting of a victory , though as argyll re-occupied sheriffmuir the following morning he had the better claim to have won .

During the battle between the two , which began an hour before sunset on 24 April 1778 off Kilroot Point near Carrickfergus , Jones kept his distance , disabling his opponent by cannon fire and pistol shots aimed at the crew until , resistance having ceased , a boarding party was sent across , to find the decks running with blood and rum — a keg , brought out prematurely to celebrate the expected victory , had been breached by a cannon ball — and the Drake was taken in tow .
during the battle between the two , which began an hour before sunset on 24 april 1778 off kilroot point near carrickfergus , jones kept his distance , disabling his opponent by cannon fire and pistol shots aimed at the crew until , resistance having [stopped] , a boarding party was sent across , to find the decks running with blood and rum — a keg , brought out prematurely to celebrate the expected victory , had been breached by a cannon ball — and the drake was taken in tow .

Later in the war they built 1,135 Mosquitos , before going on to produce fifty or so Fox Moths — and then their own indigenous designs after the conflict ceased .
later in the war they built 1,135 mosquitos , before going on to produce fifty or so fox moths — and then their own indigenous designs after the conflict [stopped] .

In spite of German efforts , traditional East Prussian trade with Silesia almost ceased entirely .
in spite of german efforts , traditional east prussian trade with silesia almost [stopped] entirely .

The basis of the modern system of local government was created by the Local Government Act 1972 which took effect on 1st April 1974 . All the then existing councils , with the exception of parish councils in England , ceased to exist , and were replaced by the following : —
the basis of the modern system of local government was created by the local government act 1972 which took effect on 1st april 1974 . all the then existing councils , with the exception of parish councils in england , [stopped] to exist , and were replaced by the following : —

The outstanding feature of the new county system , as compared with the one before the 1972 Act took effect , is that the counties absorbed the hitherto independent county boroughs which thereupon ceased to exist , a decision which , in retrospect , some now think was a mistake , since the county boroughs were effective multipurpose authorities .
the outstanding feature of the new county system , as compared with the one before the 1972 act took effect , is that the counties absorbed the hitherto independent county boroughs which thereupon [stopped] to exist , a decision which , in retrospect , some now think was a mistake , since the county boroughs were effective multipurpose authorities .

All through the long , twisting lanes the route was marked by twigs — twigs from the witch 's broom — which led to Threlkeld and only ceased when they came to the church with a steeple crowned by a gilded weathercock .
all through the long , twisting lanes the route was marked by twigs — twigs from the witch 's broom — which led to threlkeld and only [stopped] when they came to the church with a steeple crowned by a gilded weathercock .

Writing to Brook about the Palestine Committee , a survivor from the Coalition , he said that its nominal chairman was Herbert Morrison but that it had ceased to function , its work having shifted to the Middle East Ministerial Committee under Ernest Bevin .
writing to brook about the palestine committee , a survivor from the coalition , he said that its nominal chairman was herbert morrison but that it had [stopped] to function , its work having shifted to the middle east ministerial committee under ernest bevin .

Woolton told Churchill his supervisory role had largely ceased to function .
woolton told churchill his supervisory role had largely [stopped] to function .

That rather vitiates the traditional nature of Cabinet government if you have a strong-minded figure ending discussions in this way . Presumably it meant that after a while you ceased to bring things to the Cabinet that you knew would produce a put-down ?
that rather vitiates the traditional nature of cabinet government if you have a strong-minded figure ending discussions in this way . presumably it meant that after a while you [stopped] to bring things to the cabinet that you knew would produce a put-down ?

It was built of stone early in the eighteenth century and ceased to be used in 1913 .
it was built of stone early in the eighteenth century and [stopped] to be used in 1913 .

The Wheal Martyn works ceased commercial production in 1968 , but visitors can now see the whole history and process of producing china clay , as well as the machinery used , which included a huge breastshot waterwheel of 35 feet diameter , to drive pumps in the quarry pit .
the wheal martyn works [stopped] commercial production in 1968 , but visitors can now see the whole history and process of producing china clay , as well as the machinery used , which included a huge breastshot waterwheel of 35 feet diameter , to drive pumps in the quarry pit .

The workings ceased in 1969 and the site is now a museum of the industry , open to the public every day during the summer months .
the workings [stopped] in 1969 and the site is now a museum of the industry , open to the public every day during the summer months .

He deserts her in Italy some years later , and she finds her way back to London where she is reunited with her uncle , who has never ceased to search for her .
he deserts her in italy some years later , and she finds her way back to london where she is reunited with her uncle , who has never [stopped] to search for her .

Prisoners passed through the place so fast that it ceased to be a camp in the true sense altogether .
prisoners passed through the place so fast that it [stopped] to be a camp in the true sense altogether .

Environmentalists have ceased to feel any degree of confidence in talking about emotion .
environmentalists have [stopped] to feel any degree of confidence in talking about emotion .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal accepted his argument , albeit reluctantly , saying that , in the experience of the members deciding the case , in practice a redundancy ‘ is accepted as having been shown where it is demonstrated that the actual job which the claimant was carrying out had ceased to exist ’ .
the employment appeal tribunal accepted his argument , albeit reluctantly , saying that , in the experience of the members deciding the case , in practice a redundancy ‘ is accepted as having been shown where it is demonstrated that the actual job which the claimant was carrying out had [stopped] to exist ’ .

As a present reality , Ottery had ceased to compel him .
as a present reality , ottery had [stopped] to compel him .

But for the moment , the prospect of marriage to a woman he loved , and of life together in a place of exquisite beauty , seemed to offer the stability and direction he never ceased to crave in his personal life .
but for the moment , the prospect of marriage to a woman he loved , and of life together in a place of exquisite beauty , seemed to offer the stability and direction he never [stopped] to crave in his personal life .

But the months of separation from her husband , and the events those months contained , came to mark a fundamental breach in their relationship , after which there ceased to be any hope that their early married happiness could be recovered .
but the months of separation from her husband , and the events those months contained , came to mark a fundamental breach in their relationship , after which there [stopped] to be any hope that their early married happiness could be recovered .

Trusts however depended on remedies in personam : the intended beneficiary could sue only the trustee , even if the trustee had long since ceased to be in possession of the object under trust .
trusts however depended on remedies in personam : the intended beneficiary could sue only the trustee , even if the trustee had long since [stopped] to be in possession of the object under trust .

The procedural advantages persisted even at Rome only so long as there were two procedural systems , which at the end of the third century ceased to be the case .
the procedural advantages persisted even at rome only so long as there were two procedural systems , which at the end of the third century [stopped] to be the case .

The capacity of the Hapsburgs ' men for self-deception never ceased to surprise him .
the capacity of the hapsburgs ' men for self-deception never [stopped] to surprise him .

The artillery sank like stones , dragging their hysterical teams into threshing , bubbling whirlpools , which became calm as their struggles ceased .
the artillery sank like stones , dragging their hysterical teams into threshing , bubbling whirlpools , which became calm as their struggles [stopped] .

For all the show of outward appearances of being a couple however , perhaps there was no deep abiding love and the one left behind hangs onto a myth of a union that had ceased to exist many years ago .
for all the show of outward appearances of being a couple however , perhaps there was no deep abiding love and the one left behind hangs onto a myth of a union that had [stopped] to exist many years ago .

Life ceased with the death of that body .
life [stopped] with the death of that body .

Two sizeable works had gone in under two hours , although it was forty-eight hours before new outbreaks ceased .
two sizeable works had gone in under two hours , although it was forty-eight hours before new outbreaks [stopped] .

The firm of Wilkes , Son and Cassey ceased trading in 1926 , the business and premises were purchased by The Salisbury Co-operative Society Limited who then only stocked larger items of ironmongery and added a furniture department on the first floor .
the firm of wilkes , son and cassey [stopped] trading in 1926 , the business and premises were purchased by the salisbury co-operative society limited who then only stocked larger items of ironmongery and added a furniture department on the first floor .

This array of jagged glass deterred the marauders , for the scrumping ceased .
this array of jagged glass deterred the marauders , for the scrumping [stopped] .

Radial under-frames ceased to be manufactured from around 1891 and the conversion to automatic vacuum brake was completed in 1892 .
radial under-frames [stopped] to be manufactured from around 1891 and the conversion to automatic vacuum brake was completed in 1892 .

The production of the 60-pdr shell ceased on 28 June 1942 , and that of the 4.2in chemical bomb on 3 July 1943 .
the production of the 60-pdr shell [stopped] on 28 june 1942 , and that of the 4.2in chemical bomb on 3 july 1943 .

The Coronation Scot service ceased at the outbreak of war in 1939 , and the coaches were stabled for the duration , two sets at Horwich Locomotive Works , and one at Lostock Hall .
the coronation scot service [stopped] at the outbreak of war in 1939 , and the coaches were stabled for the duration , two sets at horwich locomotive works , and one at lostock hall .

All new carriage building ceased , with the exception of two saloons and a power car for the Royal Train , which entered service in 1941 .
all new carriage building [stopped] , with the exception of two saloons and a power car for the royal train , which entered service in 1941 .

The Loughton service ceased on 1 October 1972 .
the loughton service [stopped] on 1 october 1972 .

After Jimmy ceased to be a first-team player he continued with the club , playing in the Reserves for a couple of seasons .
after jimmy [stopped] to be a first-team player he continued with the club , playing in the reserves for a couple of seasons .

The society apparently ceased to exist in 1837 .
the society apparently [stopped] to exist in 1837 .

‘ If the local authority are satisfied that a nuisance has occurred , temporarily ceased , but is likely to recur , it may without serving an abatement notice , cause a complaint to be made to the magistrates court for making a nuisance order .
‘ if the local authority are satisfied that a nuisance has occurred , temporarily [stopped] , but is likely to recur , it may without serving an abatement notice , cause a complaint to be made to the magistrates court for making a nuisance order .

All at once she began to scream , turning her tiny head away , and Peg bounced her against her shoulder with soothing murmurs until the outburst ceased .
all at once she began to scream , turning her tiny head away , and peg bounced her against her shoulder with soothing murmurs until the outburst [stopped] .

And from that moment she began to think clearly , rationally , and ceased to struggle .
and from that moment she began to think clearly , rationally , and [stopped] to struggle .

They hung on until the battering ceased , then ran , slithering in the sluicing torrent of water until they reached the hatch that led below decks .
they hung on until the battering [stopped] , then ran , slithering in the sluicing torrent of water until they reached the hatch that led below decks .

Delaney 's opponent ceased struggling , looked wildly , unbelievingly , at him as they drew apart .
delaney 's opponent [stopped] struggling , looked wildly , unbelievingly , at him as they drew apart .

Napoleone Lomellini had discovered the absence of the Jew , and had ceased pretence , at least , of possessing no powder .
napoleone lomellini had discovered the absence of the jew , and had [stopped] pretence , at least , of possessing no powder .

The voice of authority , heard once before , became louder and recognisable , and ceased at the battlements .
the voice of authority , heard once before , became louder and recognisable , and [stopped] at the battlements .

The medical profession have long since ceased to be shocked or surprised at the wide variety of objects which continue to be extracted from the vagina .
the medical profession have long since [stopped] to be shocked or surprised at the wide variety of objects which continue to be extracted from the vagina .

The matches ceased with the advent of the Second World War but in the 1970 's , Richard Beckwith , a local photographer whose father had been connected with the event , thought it would be a good idea to revive it .
the matches [stopped] with the advent of the second world war but in the 1970 's , richard beckwith , a local photographer whose father had been connected with the event , thought it would be a good idea to revive it .

One wet day , though , in 1985 Bellerby Feast had almost ceased to exist .
one wet day , though , in 1985 bellerby feast had almost [stopped] to exist .

The fair gradually declined during the 1930 's and ceased just before the Second World War ; but it has continued to be proclaimed each St Swithin 's Day , except when this falls on a Sunday and then the custom usually takes place on the following day .
the fair gradually declined during the 1930 's and [stopped] just before the second world war ; but it has continued to be proclaimed each st swithin 's day , except when this falls on a sunday and then the custom usually takes place on the following day .

Its crust was already thick and rigid enough to hold open huge basins as early as 4.2 x 109 years ago ; and the great floods of mare basalt that filled the basins apparently ceased to erupt about 3.1 x 109 years ago .
its crust was already thick and rigid enough to hold open huge basins as early as 4.2 x 109 years ago ; and the great floods of mare basalt that filled the basins apparently [stopped] to erupt about 3.1 x 109 years ago .

Until the regionalisation of local government in 1975 , the papingo trophy was on display in Kilwinning Town Chambers but when the local council ceased to exist , the piece of historic silverware was placed in safe-keeping to await the selection of a new home .
until the regionalisation of local government in 1975 , the papingo trophy was on display in kilwinning town chambers but when the local council [stopped] to exist , the piece of historic silverware was placed in safe-keeping to await the selection of a new home .

When parents ceased to be available , primitive man could well have felt the loss , and the need to transfer the dependence elsewhere and this led eventually to some form of imagined substitute , or ‘ god ’ as the surrogate .
when parents [stopped] to be available , primitive man could well have felt the loss , and the need to transfer the dependence elsewhere and this led eventually to some form of imagined substitute , or ‘ god ’ as the surrogate .

Thus was introduced the time when the Created God ceased to be produced solely from all that was good in the struggle for existence , and entered the period , still going on , when mankind itself began to influence the nature of that God .
thus was introduced the time when the created god [stopped] to be produced solely from all that was good in the struggle for existence , and entered the period , still going on , when mankind itself began to influence the nature of that god .

As the dusk came down the bats came out and the song of birds ceased one by one until only a lone blackbird spoke occasionally from the shadows .
as the dusk came down the bats came out and the song of birds [stopped] one by one until only a lone blackbird spoke occasionally from the shadows .

They sat for a while in thoughtful silence while the shower passed from the surface of the lake and the light hiss of the rain ceased .
they sat for a while in thoughtful silence while the shower passed from the surface of the lake and the light hiss of the rain [stopped] .

As suddenly as it began , the rain ceased .
as suddenly as it began , the rain [stopped] .

The two archers ceased shooting and walked across the greet the Friar .
the two archers [stopped] shooting and walked across the greet the friar .

But the pilgrimages went on , and have never ceased ; and there is another element of continuity between the tenth and the twelfth centuries : Rome was a city of turbulence and riots .
but the pilgrimages went on , and have never [stopped] ; and there is another element of continuity between the tenth and the twelfth centuries : rome was a city of turbulence and riots .

Later , in November 1918 , all internal and foreign trade was nationalised , the latter having little practical significance at that time , since foreign trade had by then all but ceased in those parts of the country in the control of the Soviets .
later , in november 1918 , all internal and foreign trade was nationalised , the latter having little practical significance at that time , since foreign trade had by then all but [stopped] in those parts of the country in the control of the soviets .

In the towns money soon ceased to circulate in a meaningful manner ; workers were given rations ; all state services were provided free ; school meals were given free to the children , even theatre tickets were distributed among factory workers free .
in the towns money soon [stopped] to circulate in a meaningful manner ; workers were given rations ; all state services were provided free ; school meals were given free to the children , even theatre tickets were distributed among factory workers free .

So the urge to innovate ceased and eventually the instrument all but died .
so the urge to innovate [stopped] and eventually the instrument all but died .

‘ She was running up debts , and when her full-time employment ceased not only did she have her alcohol problem but also had a number of clothing clubs pursuing her .
‘ she was running up debts , and when her full-time employment [stopped] not only did she have her alcohol problem but also had a number of clothing clubs pursuing her .

He had taken the name of Varna from the name of the port from which he had sailed but he had lived his life in terror of deportation , a fear that had haunted him long after it had ceased to be a real threat , so that he had never been able to enjoy his son 's success , seeing it only as something which drew unwelcome attention to the Varna family .
he had taken the name of varna from the name of the port from which he had sailed but he had lived his life in terror of deportation , a fear that had haunted him long after it had [stopped] to be a real threat , so that he had never been able to enjoy his son 's success , seeing it only as something which drew unwelcome attention to the varna family .

The background music stopped and was replaced by an expectant hum , then that too ceased as the curtains parted and a man in a dinner jacket and black bow tie stepped out onto the catwalk .
the background music stopped and was replaced by an expectant hum , then that too [stopped] as the curtains parted and a man in a dinner jacket and black bow tie stepped out onto the catwalk .

My left arm , on which my head was pillowed , had long since ceased to prick and had gone dead , but even so the singing of the men in the valley below reached me all too soon .
my left arm , on which my head was pillowed , had long since [stopped] to prick and had gone dead , but even so the singing of the men in the valley below reached me all too soon .

Watkins ceased to use the word ‘ ley ’ towards the end of his life , and caution should be exercised in using the element as evidence of an old straight track .
watkins [stopped] to use the word ‘ ley ’ towards the end of his life , and caution should be exercised in using the element as evidence of an old straight track .

Karen Parsons never ceased to astonish me .
karen parsons never [stopped] to astonish me .

However , by 1950 regular wintering had ceased .
however , by 1950 regular wintering had [stopped] .

Kites probably ceased to breed in Sussex about 1825 , and des Forges and Harber give 21 records between 1863 and 1960 , all for the period September to May as far as is known .
kites probably [stopped] to breed in sussex about 1825 , and des forges and harber give 21 records between 1863 and 1960 , all for the period september to may as far as is known .

By this stage formal lectures will normally have ceased , and students will meet their supervisor at regular intervals during the preparation of the dissertation .
by this stage formal lectures will normally have [stopped] , and students will meet their supervisor at regular intervals during the preparation of the dissertation .

John George had long ceased to play the father to John : not only did he put his son first at all times , but his alcoholism made him extremely difficult to deal with .
john george had long [stopped] to play the father to john : not only did he put his son first at all times , but his alcoholism made him extremely difficult to deal with .

Having been brainwashed to think that all other troupes were inferior , they never ceased to be surprised when they managed to watch them dance .
having been brainwashed to think that all other troupes were inferior , they never [stopped] to be surprised when they managed to watch them dance .

He seems to have largely ceased to make these large sketches by 1814 although smaller and less interesting ones exist until 1820 .
he seems to have largely [stopped] to make these large sketches by 1814 although smaller and less interesting ones exist until 1820 .

Men , too , can experience an increase in libido once the pressures of work have ceased .
men , too , can experience an increase in libido once the pressures of work have [stopped] .

He turned to Billy whose long empty stomach had ceased to heave an hour before and who now looked almost human after three hours of hard work .
he turned to billy whose long empty stomach had [stopped] to heave an hour before and who now looked almost human after three hours of hard work .

It never ceased to amaze her how much smaller everything seemed to her now adult eyes .
it never [stopped] to amaze her how much smaller everything seemed to her now adult eyes .

’ At that moment the babble of voices in the bar ceased , and a hush descended .
’ at that moment the babble of voices in the bar [stopped] , and a hush descended .

However , for the last 6 months or so he had ceased to make regular efforts to find a job .
however , for the last 6 months or so he had [stopped] to make regular efforts to find a job .

Citizenship was obviously and visually a life , your whole life , with common dangers , common responsibilities , common enjoyments , and common ambitions … In modern life it is very much harder to see our way … [ it ] has almost ceased to he a controlling conception for us .
citizenship was obviously and visually a life , your whole life , with common dangers , common responsibilities , common enjoyments , and common ambitions … in modern life it is very much harder to see our way … [ it ] has almost [stopped] to he a controlling conception for us .

The process meant that adolescence ceased to be what an American scholar has called an ‘ idea ’ and became , in his words , a ‘ social fact ’ .
the process meant that adolescence [stopped] to be what an american scholar has called an ‘ idea ’ and became , in his words , a ‘ social fact ’ .

He ceased talking .
he [stopped] talking .

The mumblings ceased and Father Poole opened his eyes and smiled .
the mumblings [stopped] and father poole opened his eyes and smiled .

Myles ceased talking .
myles [stopped] talking .

Peg ceased her knitting and raised her head . ‘ More whiskey , Father ? Mr Drennan ? ’
peg [stopped] her knitting and raised her head . ‘ more whiskey , father ? mr drennan ? ’

The quick deft hands abruptly ceased their knitting .
the quick deft hands abruptly [stopped] their knitting .

All conversation ceased and everyone turned around .
all conversation [stopped] and everyone turned around .

The last few years have also seen the re-emergence of political elements within Mozambique who favour these developments and as of 1990 , Frelimo ceased to be the sole political party .
the last few years have also seen the re-emergence of political elements within mozambique who favour these developments and as of 1990 , frelimo [stopped] to be the sole political party .

The schools building programme ceased in 1985 , and at that time too teachers ' real salaries began to decline rapidly .
the schools building programme [stopped] in 1985 , and at that time too teachers ' real salaries began to decline rapidly .

Think of the peace which would prevail if traffic stopped , planes ceased to roar overhead , and the ceaseless consumer buzz were silent .
think of the peace which would prevail if traffic stopped , planes [stopped] to roar overhead , and the ceaseless consumer buzz were silent .

There must have been a time when each of these practices ceased to be tolerable and reasonable behaviour .
there must have been a time when each of these practices [stopped] to be tolerable and reasonable behaviour .

Hope had lost all interest in the project by then and Butterfield , according to Hope , by 1853 had become ‘ quite spoilt by his work on All Saints ’ , ceased to ‘ act as a gentleman ’ , and became more of an employee .
hope had lost all interest in the project by then and butterfield , according to hope , by 1853 had become ‘ quite spoilt by his work on all saints ’ , [stopped] to ‘ act as a gentleman ’ , and became more of an employee .

The rule here is not to repeat or change the remedy until the action of the previous dose has ceased . This may mean a lot of waiting !
the rule here is not to repeat or change the remedy until the action of the previous dose has [stopped] . this may mean a lot of waiting !

The bond was expressed not only toward the slaves who were liberated but also toward the two hundred thousand black men who fought side by side , though in separate battalions , with white men to liberate those still under domination.3 The national tie—the “ bonds of affection ” 4 —is expressed as well toward the Confederate men in arms who , in Lincoln ’ s view , never ceased to be part of the American nation .
the bond was expressed not only toward the slaves who were liberated but also toward the two hundred thousand black men who fought side by side , though in separate battalions , with white men to liberate those still under domination.3 the national tie—the “ bonds of affection ” 4 —is expressed as well toward the confederate men in arms who , in lincoln ’ s view , never [stopped] to be part of the american nation .

Julius Caesar ’ s nephew Octavian took the name Augustus ; Rome ceased to be a republic , and became an empire .
julius caesar ’ s nephew octavian took the name augustus ; rome [stopped] to be a republic , and became an empire .

Many of the high packhorse routes had ceased to be used for the transportation of goods , but these old “ rights of way ” for foot and bridle traffic were now transformed into an extensive network of marked and mapped routes ideal for recreational walkers and hikers .
many of the high packhorse routes had [stopped] to be used for the transportation of goods , but these old “ rights of way ” for foot and bridle traffic were now transformed into an extensive network of marked and mapped routes ideal for recreational walkers and hikers .

Although it ceased to be a political capital in 1707 ( when Scotland joined with England to create the United Kingdom ) , Edinburgh was at the forefront of intellectual debate .
although it [stopped] to be a political capital in 1707 ( when scotland joined with england to create the united kingdom ) , edinburgh was at the forefront of intellectual debate .

Although sugarcane continues to be grown today ( for molasses and the brandy-like aguardente ) , it has long ceased to be the island ’ s major crop .
although sugarcane continues to be grown today ( for molasses and the brandy-like aguardente ) , it has long [stopped] to be the island ’ s major crop .

Foghorns converse into the night , long after the sound of car horns and bike bells has ceased .
foghorns converse into the night , long after the sound of car horns and bike bells has [stopped] .

Over a millennium , Poland evolved from a huge and imposing , economically powerful kingdom to a partitioned nation that ceased to exist on world maps for over 120 years , and finally to a people and land at the center of the 20th century ’ s greatest wars and most horrific human tragedies .
over a millennium , poland evolved from a huge and imposing , economically powerful kingdom to a partitioned nation that [stopped] to exist on world maps for over 120 years , and finally to a people and land at the center of the 20th century ’ s greatest wars and most horrific human tragedies .

Poland ceased to exist — its very name was abolished by treaty — for the next 123 years .
poland [stopped] to exist — its very name was abolished by treaty — for the next 123 years .

A heroic uprising in 1943 , led by poorly armed Jews in the Warsaw ghetto , lasted a month until Nazi reinforcements annihilated it and reported back to Germany that “ Warsaw ’ s Jewish quarter has ceased to exist. ” The following year , Poland ’ s Home Army initiated a surprise attack against the occupying Nazis in Warsaw , and awaited assistance from the Soviet Red Army , perched on the outskirts of the capital .
a heroic uprising in 1943 , led by poorly armed jews in the warsaw ghetto , lasted a month until nazi reinforcements annihilated it and reported back to germany that “ warsaw ’ s jewish quarter has [stopped] to exist. ” the following year , poland ’ s home army initiated a surprise attack against the occupying nazis in warsaw , and awaited assistance from the soviet red army , perched on the outskirts of the capital .

While Rivara and associates note , `` this option seems to be enforced rarely by most companies , '' we are aware of anecdotal reports of emergency departments and trauma centers that have ceased testing because of the fears of non-payment .
while rivara and associates note , `` this option seems to be enforced rarely by most companies , '' we are aware of anecdotal reports of emergency departments and trauma centers that have [stopped] testing because of the fears of non-payment .

In 1989 , Publishers Express was founded by Time Inc. , Meredith Corp. , American Express Publishing , New York Times Co. , Times Mirror Co. , and R. R. Donnelley , among others , to provide alternative delivery.12 In spite of its prestigious sponsorship , the company ceased operations in 1996 .
in 1989 , publishers express was founded by time inc. , meredith corp. , american express publishing , new york times co. , times mirror co. , and r. r. donnelley , among others , to provide alternative delivery.12 in spite of its prestigious sponsorship , the company [stopped] operations in 1996 .

From approximately 9:21 on , the ascending battalion chief was unable to reach the South Tower lobby command post because the senior chief in the lobby had ceased to communicate on repeater channel 7 .
from approximately 9:21 on , the ascending battalion chief was unable to reach the south tower lobby command post because the senior chief in the lobby had [stopped] to communicate on repeater channel 7 .

The FDNY overall command post and posts in the NorthTower lobby , the Marriott lobby , and the staging area on West Street south of Liberty all ceased to operate upon the collapse of the SouthTower , as did EMS staging areas , because of their proximity to the building .
the fdny overall command post and posts in the northtower lobby , the marriott lobby , and the staging area on west street south of liberty all [stopped] to operate upon the collapse of the southtower , as did ems staging areas , because of their proximity to the building .

Furthermore , when the South Tower collapsed the overall FDNY command post ceased to operate , which compromised the FDNY 's ability to understand the situation ; an FDNY marine unit 's immediate radio communication to FDNY dispatch that the South Tower had fully collapsed was not conveyed to chiefs at the scene .
furthermore , when the south tower collapsed the overall fdny command post [stopped] to operate , which compromised the fdny 's ability to understand the situation ; an fdny marine unit 's immediate radio communication to fdny dispatch that the south tower had fully collapsed was not conveyed to chiefs at the scene .

It is unknown whether the lobby chief ceased to communicate on the repeater channel because of technical problems or because he simply switched channels in order to be able to communicate with chiefs outside the South Tower .
it is unknown whether the lobby chief [stopped] to communicate on the repeater channel because of technical problems or because he simply switched channels in order to be able to communicate with chiefs outside the south tower .

All but Ahmad al Haznawi , who called his aunt to inquire about his sick mother , ceased contact with their families about six months before the attacks .
all but ahmad al haznawi , who called his aunt to inquire about his sick mother , [stopped] contact with their families about six months before the attacks .

In the Labeled Release experiment , this reaction ceased if the soil was first heated to sterilizing temperatures , but the reaction of the Gas Exchange Experiment persisted .
in the labeled release experiment , this reaction [stopped] if the soil was first heated to sterilizing temperatures , but the reaction of the gas exchange experiment persisted .

They leapt , suddenly , from one plane of reality to another ( the freeze frames on Tracy Flick 's deformed , mid-motion face in Election , the sudden abstracted shots in Three Kings where a body ceased to be a person and became the pathway for a bullet and a haven for microbes and disease . )
they leapt , suddenly , from one plane of reality to another ( the freeze frames on tracy flick 's deformed , mid-motion face in election , the sudden abstracted shots in three kings where a body [stopped] to be a person and became the pathway for a bullet and a haven for microbes and disease . )

Eventually , the store ceased to carry `` lines '' of goods at all , instead selling mostly private-label versions of a few staples ( corn flakes , olive oil ) and more exotic goods such as British-style crumpets and carbonated water blended with elderflowers .
eventually , the store [stopped] to carry `` lines '' of goods at all , instead selling mostly private-label versions of a few staples ( corn flakes , olive oil ) and more exotic goods such as british-style crumpets and carbonated water blended with elderflowers .

The theater has ceased to be the place where Americans explore issues of the kind raised by Death of a Salesman .
the theater has [stopped] to be the place where americans explore issues of the kind raised by death of a salesman .

Just because an organization drops off the cover of Vanity Fair or People or the Saturday Evening Post does n't mean it has ceased to exist .
just because an organization drops off the cover of vanity fair or people or the saturday evening post does n't mean it has [stopped] to exist .

His first posting , dated Aug. 19 , reads thus : `` Since I 've been living with this story for so long , it ceased to shock me long ago .
his first posting , dated aug. 19 , reads thus : `` since i 've been living with this story for so long , it [stopped] to shock me long ago .

En route from Florida to Texas , the Learjet apparently lost cabin pressure , at which point radio contact ceased .
en route from florida to texas , the learjet apparently lost cabin pressure , at which point radio contact [stopped] .

While it is true , as Krugman says , that the Economic Strategy Institute received early financial support from Milliken , it is also the case , as Krugman should have known , that Milliken ceased making contributions over four years ago when ESI , over Milliken 's objections , provided critical support to the passage of NAFTA and the ratification of the World Trade Organization and free-trade arrangements concluded in the Uruguay Round .
while it is true , as krugman says , that the economic strategy institute received early financial support from milliken , it is also the case , as krugman should have known , that milliken [stopped] making contributions over four years ago when esi , over milliken 's objections , provided critical support to the passage of nafta and the ratification of the world trade organization and free-trade arrangements concluded in the uruguay round .

Minutes after the ceremony ended , the sun set , Jews all over the world ceased their labors , and the White House spin doctors went to work , lobbying reporters to give Clinton credit for pulling off the deal .
minutes after the ceremony ended , the sun set , jews all over the world [stopped] their labors , and the white house spin doctors went to work , lobbying reporters to give clinton credit for pulling off the deal .

Judging from the American Heritage excerpt , Hine takes the self-serving baby-boomer view that teen-age culture started to decline , oh , right around the time he ceased participating in it .
judging from the american heritage excerpt , hine takes the self-serving baby-boomer view that teen-age culture started to decline , oh , right around the time he [stopped] participating in it .

Homosexuality ceased to be grounds for exclusion from the United States in 1991 , but since gay and lesbian couples can not legally marry in this country , there is currently no legal way for them to benefit from family-preference laws .
homosexuality [stopped] to be grounds for exclusion from the united states in 1991 , but since gay and lesbian couples can not legally marry in this country , there is currently no legal way for them to benefit from family-preference laws .

The government had begun supervising the Teamsters in 1989 , but ceased in 1992 , soon after Ron Carey was elected as a purported reformer .
the government had begun supervising the teamsters in 1989 , but [stopped] in 1992 , soon after ron carey was elected as a purported reformer .

For the Thernstroms , American racial politics took a wrong turn when the imperative simply to end discrimination ceased to govern our policies .
for the thernstroms , american racial politics took a wrong turn when the imperative simply to end discrimination [stopped] to govern our policies .

In experiments , overfed or underfed volunteers always returned to their original weight -- the `` setpoint '' -- when they ceased their diets .
in experiments , overfed or underfed volunteers always returned to their original weight -- the `` setpoint '' -- when they [stopped] their diets .

What I want to know is whether his brain has ceased functioning .
what i want to know is whether his brain has [stopped] functioning .

The situation improved only marginally when the monthly requisitions ceased and my payment problems were essentially turned over to the corporate Accounts Payable department .
the situation improved only marginally when the monthly requisitions [stopped] and my payment problems were essentially turned over to the corporate accounts payable department .

It quoted Anthony Finkelstein , a professor of software at University College London , as warning more than a year ago : `` The public was ignorant , the IT consultants were drawn by the lure of filthy lucre , the science policy experts were seized with a mad-cow effect in which their advice ceased to be rational , the nutcases were declaring the end of the world and a sensible , empirically founded approach to risk was lost . ''
it quoted anthony finkelstein , a professor of software at university college london , as warning more than a year ago : `` the public was ignorant , the it consultants were drawn by the lure of filthy lucre , the science policy experts were seized with a mad-cow effect in which their advice [stopped] to be rational , the nutcases were declaring the end of the world and a sensible , empirically founded approach to risk was lost . ''

As journalism has become less of a trade and more of a profession , once common vices like embellishment , plagiarism , and binge drinking have ceased to be regarded as charming .
as journalism has become less of a trade and more of a profession , once common vices like embellishment , plagiarism , and binge drinking have [stopped] to be regarded as charming .

White ethnics have ceased to be the dominant force in urban life .
white ethnics have [stopped] to be the dominant force in urban life .

He was born again in Toys `` R '' Us , where none of the employees seemed to know what a potty seat was , and he was born yet again at the Budget Rent a Car counter at La Guardia Airport , where the reservation he had made and confirmed suddenly ceased to exist , and where he got yelled at for his troubles .
he was born again in toys `` r '' us , where none of the employees seemed to know what a potty seat was , and he was born yet again at the budget rent a car counter at la guardia airport , where the reservation he had made and confirmed suddenly [stopped] to exist , and where he got yelled at for his troubles .

The NATO war against Yugoslavia ceased to lead the front pages of many European newspapers for the first time Monday .
the nato war against yugoslavia [stopped] to lead the front pages of many european newspapers for the first time monday .

You can look at it in an evolutionist kind of way and say that suffering is the stimulus to adaptation and there is no reason to foresee an end to adaptation , or if the adaptation of humans is complete , they will have ceased to be humans .
you can look at it in an evolutionist kind of way and say that suffering is the stimulus to adaptation and there is no reason to foresee an end to adaptation , or if the adaptation of humans is complete , they will have [stopped] to be humans .

Superior Italian design has never ceased to be expressed in marble , bronze , and silver , and later in steel and aluminum , in vinyl and Lucite , in tile and ceramic , in straw , in painted paper and painted plaster .
superior italian design has never [stopped] to be expressed in marble , bronze , and silver , and later in steel and aluminum , in vinyl and lucite , in tile and ceramic , in straw , in painted paper and painted plaster .

The pump handle was removed at once , and the epidemic ceased .
the pump handle was removed at once , and the epidemic [stopped] .

Both papers say Obasanjo was a former military ruler of the country , but neither mentions in their capsule governmental histories when he ruled or under what circumstances he ceased doing so .
both papers say obasanjo was a former military ruler of the country , but neither mentions in their capsule governmental histories when he ruled or under what circumstances he [stopped] doing so .

Says the Times , citing U.S. intelligence , drug flights into Mexico ceased in late 1995 , shortly that is , after the start of the vexed program -- with smugglers putting their loads on container ships instead .
says the times , citing u.s. intelligence , drug flights into mexico [stopped] in late 1995 , shortly that is , after the start of the vexed program -- with smugglers putting their loads on container ships instead .

Production of the offending implants ceased in 1992 .
production of the offending implants [stopped] in 1992 .

Although dictionary maker Noah Webster was instrumental in passing our first federal copyright laws to protect an author 's intellectual property , the name Webster ceased to function as an exclusive trademark when the original Webster 's copyright ran out .
although dictionary maker noah webster was instrumental in passing our first federal copyright laws to protect an author 's intellectual property , the name webster [stopped] to function as an exclusive trademark when the original webster 's copyright ran out .

Guineas ceased to be minted in Britain in 1813 , but continued until decimal introduction , as a term used in pricing goods and services .
guineas [stopped] to be minted in britain in 1813 , but continued until decimal introduction , as a term used in pricing goods and services .

Ivor Brown , in one of his delightful books on words , Random Words ( 1971 ) , writes that Cuthbert had been an honored English name , but that somehow during the 1914—18 war it “ ceased to be a name and became an insult ” and was used of slackers who evaded military service .
ivor brown , in one of his delightful books on words , random words ( 1971 ) , writes that cuthbert had been an honored english name , but that somehow during the 1914—18 war it “ [stopped] to be a name and became an insult ” and was used of slackers who evaded military service .

The circonflexe , on the other hand , is really a sign of orthography , not pronunciation , being a reminder of a dropped s—it is usually there for historical reasons but connoting a reason which has long since ceased to make sense and which modern French speakers have probably been blithely unaware of .
the circonflexe , on the other hand , is really a sign of orthography , not pronunciation , being a reminder of a dropped s—it is usually there for historical reasons but connoting a reason which has long since [stopped] to make sense and which modern french speakers have probably been blithely unaware of .

Although there are still a few Dharuk descendants in the vicinity of Sydney , and these may still use a handful of Dharuk words , Dharuk effectively ceased to function as a language by the mid-19th century .
although there are still a few dharuk descendants in the vicinity of sydney , and these may still use a handful of dharuk words , dharuk effectively [stopped] to function as a language by the mid-19th century .

To this day , long after Latin has ceased to be the principal medium of written legal documents and records , lawyers cling to and defend against all comers unnumbered words and phrases in that ancient tongue , under the persuasion , justified or not , that they enrich the legal vocabulary with precision , permanence , and dignity .
to this day , long after latin has [stopped] to be the principal medium of written legal documents and records , lawyers cling to and defend against all comers unnumbered words and phrases in that ancient tongue , under the persuasion , justified or not , that they enrich the legal vocabulary with precision , permanence , and dignity .

The etymology of fuck has never ceased inspiring comment .
the etymology of fuck has never [stopped] inspiring comment .

The bear has long ceased to be a wild denizen of Britain , so the British prefer to express the platitude that one should not promise something one may not be able to come up with .
the bear has long [stopped] to be a wild denizen of britain , so the british prefer to express the platitude that one should not promise something one may not be able to come up with .

Just one week later , elements of Marshal Konev 's 1st Ukranian Army liberated the camp and to our great joy , the world of the prison newspaper ceased to exist for us .
just one week later , elements of marshal konev 's 1st ukranian army liberated the camp and to our great joy , the world of the prison newspaper [stopped] to exist for us .

For myself , I have not ceased to lament that one-vote decision .
for myself , i have not [stopped] to lament that one-vote decision .

