I don't know any secret recipe for certainty .
i don't know any secret recipe for [sureness] .

Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account .
presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of [sureness] or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account .

If it continues indefinitely it is nearly a statistical certainty that a mistake will be made and that the devastation will begin '' .
if it continues indefinitely it is nearly a statistical [sureness] that a mistake will be made and that the devastation will begin '' .

`` I am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design .
`` i am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative [sureness] of race slavery by design .

I do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the certainty of nuclear war '' .
i do not accept that the choice is between capitulation and the [sureness] of nuclear war '' .

So Captain Jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the scouting plane put in five more appearances , and to feel the certainty of this dread rising within him .
so captain jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the scouting plane put in five more appearances , and to feel the [sureness] of this dread rising within him .

By prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men , the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial borders .
by prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men , the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of [sureness] and order within its territorial borders .

`` Fear possessed me , and the certainty of war '' , he has related .
`` fear possessed me , and the [sureness] of war '' , he has related .

It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates .
it differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any american college or university mainly in the [sureness] of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates .

He is confronted with the recurrent crises , such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life -- marriage , incurable disease , widowhood , old age , the certainty of death .
he is confronted with the recurrent crises , such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life -- marriage , incurable disease , widowhood , old age , the [sureness] of death .

The parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others , irrational conformity to rules , orderliness , punctuality , and need for certainty .
the parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others , irrational conformity to rules , orderliness , punctuality , and need for [sureness] .

Since this type of item was not in the statute when section 381 was enacted in 1954 , one cannot say with certainty what effect the enactment of that section should have .
since this type of item was not in the statute when section 381 was enacted in 1954 , one cannot say with [sureness] what effect the enactment of that section should have .

It is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflects not so much a search for truth as for certainty .
it is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflects not so much a search for truth as for [sureness] .

An operational approach to sociology can never expect abstract certainty , since it is certainty which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes .
an operational approach to sociology can never expect abstract [sureness] , since it is [sureness] which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes .

To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself .
to raise the added objection that men require [sureness] on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself .

The major postwar development is the certainty that these elements should not be considered singly but in combination and as being mutually supporting .
the major postwar development is the [sureness] that these elements should not be considered singly but in combination and as being mutually supporting .

Communist target areas can be assumed , but there is no certainty that such assumptions coincide with Soviet intentions .
communist target areas can be assumed , but there is no [sureness] that such assumptions coincide with soviet intentions .

As she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her , felt him pull her to the safety of his person , she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren .
as she reached dave and felt his arm go around her , felt him pull her to the safety of his person , she knew with the [sureness] of despair that something bad had happened to lauren .

Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go unpunished .
somehow more terrible than the [sureness] that he was about to die was the knowledge that lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go unpunished .

He wondered Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security .
he wondered probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of [sureness] and security .

So there 'll be one racing certainty for Gold Cup week next year , the Irish will be back .
so there 'll be one racing [sureness] for gold cup week next year , the irish will be back .

This one looked a certainty .
this one looked a [sureness] .

More of a certainty , they have . You 've heard it on
more of a [sureness] , they have . you 've heard it on

It can already be said with virtual certainty that lamb will never be as cheap again .
it can already be said with virtual [sureness] that lamb will never be as cheap again .

‘ It is my view they need an era of increased certainty which can now be built on the foundation of recent reform decisions and on which they can , with far more confidence than has been the case in the past , base and plan their futures . ’
‘ it is my view they need an era of increased [sureness] which can now be built on the foundation of recent reform decisions and on which they can , with far more confidence than has been the case in the past , base and plan their futures . ’

Chief enforcement officer Mike Abrahams said : ‘ It was felt the letter was making claims it would be difficult to substantiate with a degree of certainty .
chief enforcement officer mike abrahams said : ‘ it was felt the letter was making claims it would be difficult to substantiate with a degree of [sureness] .

Indeed Roxburgh was moved to say yesterday that the only certainty was that not all of his choices would make Sunday 's squad gathering .
indeed roxburgh was moved to say yesterday that the only [sureness] was that not all of his choices would make sunday 's squad gathering .

DeFreitas , when not ill , was also off beam , while Malcolm 's errant unpredictability seems to have declined into a corridor of mundane certainty .
defreitas , when not ill , was also off beam , while malcolm 's errant unpredictability seems to have declined into a corridor of mundane [sureness] .

With relegation now a virtual certainty , Hankin has nothing to lose by including the likes of Reed , to prepare for next season .
with relegation now a virtual [sureness] , hankin has nothing to lose by including the likes of reed , to prepare for next season .

How sad , therefore , to see in the same issue the fudging of this certainty by yet another prominent cleric Bishop Harris .
how sad , therefore , to see in the same issue the fudging of this [sureness] by yet another prominent cleric bishop harris .

‘ If players or myself think this is pressure , wait until we play at home against Poland or the Holland game comes this is n't pressure , ’ he said with clear certainty .
‘ if players or myself think this is pressure , wait until we play at home against poland or the holland game comes this is n't pressure , ’ he said with clear [sureness] .

The stone face , lively and young as it was , had a certainty about it the boy could not claim as yet .
the stone face , lively and young as it was , had a [sureness] about it the boy could not claim as yet .

It 's well to have so rock-like a certainty .
it 's well to have so rock-like a [sureness] .

His mind fought off the idea furiously , and yet it came back to fret his certainty again .
his mind fought off the idea furiously , and yet it came back to fret his [sureness] again .

This was the first and only certainty , that he had fallen foul of Isambard , and was now in captivity .
this was the first and only [sureness] , that he had fallen foul of isambard , and was now in captivity .

Philip 's thumbs pricked ; in the sudden certainty that any further public avowal was designed to serve Isambard 's purpose and not his , he made haste to speak before the boy could open his mouth .
philip 's thumbs pricked ; in the sudden [sureness] that any further public avowal was designed to serve isambard 's purpose and not his , he made haste to speak before the boy could open his mouth .

He maintains that it would provide greater certainty for economic agents as to the governments likely policy reasons ; the government could establish/maintain a reputation for consistency and commitment .
he maintains that it would provide greater [sureness] for economic agents as to the governments likely policy reasons ; the government could establish/maintain a reputation for consistency and commitment .

But Steffi Graf 's injury is more severe than earlier believed , and it still is ‘ not a certainty ’ she will be able to defend her women 's singles title at Wimbledon .
but steffi graf 's injury is more severe than earlier believed , and it still is ‘ not a [sureness] ’ she will be able to defend her women 's singles title at wimbledon .

Smith , the highest jumper in the world last year , was expected to be a certainty for gold at Crystal Palace .
smith , the highest jumper in the world last year , was expected to be a [sureness] for gold at crystal palace .

Deadly certainty
deadly [sureness]

‘ It 's a pity it 's not run at Doncaster because Amron would be a certainty , ’ Berry joked .
‘ it 's a pity it 's not run at doncaster because amron would be a [sureness] , ’ berry joked .

In between a shot from Ken Monkou whistled over the bar from ten yards when an equaliser looked to be a certainty .
in between a shot from ken monkou whistled over the bar from ten yards when an equaliser looked to be a [sureness] .

It is important to remember that it is often not possible to say with certainty whether a speaker has pronounced a syllabic consonant , a non-syllabic consonant or a non-syllabic consonant plus .
it is important to remember that it is often not possible to say with [sureness] whether a speaker has pronounced a syllabic consonant , a non-syllabic consonant or a non-syllabic consonant plus .

In the following example , the question-tag is ‘ are n't they ’ ; when it has a falling tone , as in ( a ) , the implication is said to be that the speaker is comparatively certain that the information is correct , and simply expects the listener to provide confirmation , while the rising tone in ( b ) is said to indicate a lesser degree of certainty , so that the question-tag functions more like a request for information .
in the following example , the question-tag is ‘ are n't they ’ ; when it has a falling tone , as in ( a ) , the implication is said to be that the speaker is comparatively certain that the information is correct , and simply expects the listener to provide confirmation , while the rising tone in ( b ) is said to indicate a lesser degree of [sureness] , so that the question-tag functions more like a request for information .

One of the pleasures of travelling by rail is the availability of a national timetable whereby one can plan one 's journey with reasonable certainty .
one of the pleasures of travelling by rail is the availability of a national timetable whereby one can plan one 's journey with reasonable [sureness] .

Many arguments have been advanced against the death penalty , but the one that has most relevance for me is the fact that in the present state of our society , there is often no certainty that the right man has been convicted .
many arguments have been advanced against the death penalty , but the one that has most relevance for me is the fact that in the present state of our society , there is often no [sureness] that the right man has been convicted .

He might also be likened to Montgomery , in that he judged this ‘ definitive effort ’ could not take place until there was certainty of success ; until the attacking force had three-to-one superiority .
he might also be likened to montgomery , in that he judged this ‘ definitive effort ’ could not take place until there was [sureness] of success ; until the attacking force had three-to-one superiority .

All they could tell Pétain with certainty at Dugny was the dreadful news that Douaumont had fallen .
all they could tell pétain with [sureness] at dugny was the dreadful news that douaumont had fallen .

It follows from the above examples that profit-maximising firms , operating under conditions of certainty , will invest in projects where the rate of return on the investment exceeds the market rate of interest .
it follows from the above examples that profit-maximising firms , operating under conditions of [sureness] , will invest in projects where the rate of return on the investment exceeds the market rate of interest .

It could be that a firm may only be able to say with any certainty that it expects the rate of return on an investment project to be within a particular range , say 10 to 15 per cent .
it could be that a firm may only be able to say with any [sureness] that it expects the rate of return on an investment project to be within a particular range , say 10 to 15 per cent .

This notion is based on the assumption of a perfect financial market , with perfect knowledge and complete certainty about the future .
this notion is based on the assumption of a perfect financial market , with perfect knowledge and complete [sureness] about the future .

As we approach the millennium the only certainty is change , and lots of it .
as we approach the millennium the only [sureness] is change , and lots of it .

Endemic to that problem , even if there had been some certainty about previous spends , is the unpredictability about future trends : ten unforeseen multi-handicapped users can throw budgets completely out of kilter .
endemic to that problem , even if there had been some [sureness] about previous spends , is the unpredictability about future trends : ten unforeseen multi-handicapped users can throw budgets completely out of kilter .

To achieve this quality assurance should mean , that when the patient feels his care is not good he should know how he can complain without any worry that he will be penalized , and in the certainty that action will be taken immediately .
to achieve this quality assurance should mean , that when the patient feels his care is not good he should know how he can complain without any worry that he will be penalized , and in the [sureness] that action will be taken immediately .

Check pH and hardness for extra certainty .
check ph and hardness for extra [sureness] .

What can be stated with some certainty is that Earth 's unique combination of water and heat started the whole process off , as all the laboratory experiments would appear to confirm .
what can be stated with some [sureness] is that earth 's unique combination of water and heat started the whole process off , as all the laboratory experiments would appear to confirm .

’ Not only is it very tiring , even impossibly exhausting , to rely on speechreading , but where the information may be conveyed in unfamiliar or technical terms , speechreading may not be sufficiently concise for certainty .
’ not only is it very tiring , even impossibly exhausting , to rely on speechreading , but where the information may be conveyed in unfamiliar or technical terms , speechreading may not be sufficiently concise for [sureness] .

Once we have found and have faith in our real selves and have found the inner confidence and inner strength we need , we shall have a reservoir of quiet certainty without making further efforts .
once we have found and have faith in our real selves and have found the inner confidence and inner strength we need , we shall have a reservoir of quiet [sureness] without making further efforts .

But this does not mean Hart is a certainty .
but this does not mean hart is a [sureness] .

He plays for the Rand Afrikaans University in Johannesburg and is a certainty for Transvaal .
he plays for the rand afrikaans university in johannesburg and is a [sureness] for transvaal .

In particular it is revealing to consider two principles in deterrence theory which are considered to inhibit ‘ conventional ’ crime — these are ‘ the certainty of being caught ’ and ‘ the severity of the punishment ’ .
in particular it is revealing to consider two principles in deterrence theory which are considered to inhibit ‘ conventional ’ crime — these are ‘ the [sureness] of being caught ’ and ‘ the severity of the punishment ’ .

The certainty of ( not ) being caught
the [sureness] of ( not ) being caught

Clearly , business interests would be against any general proscription and particularly against strict liability , since then it ‘ would not be possible to know with any degree of certainty whether a proposed course of action was legal ’ ( Hopkins 1980b : 427 ) and that would deprive corporate executives of an essential precondition for entering or staying in the market , namely predictability .
clearly , business interests would be against any general proscription and particularly against strict liability , since then it ‘ would not be possible to know with any degree of [sureness] whether a proposed course of action was legal ’ ( hopkins 1980b : 427 ) and that would deprive corporate executives of an essential precondition for entering or staying in the market , namely predictability .

News is that the first single , ‘ One Day , One Time ’ , will emerge some time during September , while an album now seems a certainty for 1993 .
news is that the first single , ‘ one day , one time ’ , will emerge some time during september , while an album now seems a [sureness] for 1993 .

If the housing visit is carried out too early , say six months before the transfer date , landlords are unlikely to be able to say with any certainty whether property is likely to be available for rent .
if the housing visit is carried out too early , say six months before the transfer date , landlords are unlikely to be able to say with any [sureness] whether property is likely to be available for rent .

But in practice the distinction is not always so clearcut , especially when doubt moves in the direction of unbelief and passes over that blurred transition between the open-ended uncertainty of doubt and the closed-minded certainty of unbelief .
but in practice the distinction is not always so clearcut , especially when doubt moves in the direction of unbelief and passes over that blurred transition between the open-ended uncertainty of doubt and the closed-minded [sureness] of unbelief .

But knowledge is something which has achieved the certainty of being known and proved , and therefore need never be doubted .
but knowledge is something which has achieved the [sureness] of being known and proved , and therefore need never be doubted .

Simply that human beings know some things with certainty and other things with less certainty ?
simply that human beings know some things with [sureness] and other things with less [sureness] ?

Self-confidence and certainty
self-confidence and [sureness]

But self-confidence in the sense of psychological certitude is not the same things as absolute certainty in the philosophical sense .
but self-confidence in the sense of psychological certitude is not the same things as absolute [sureness] in the philosophical sense .

But their discouragement stems mainly from confusing self-confidence with certainty , so that quite unnecessarily they tend to despise their own much weaker faith .
but their discouragement stems mainly from confusing self-confidence with [sureness] , so that quite unnecessarily they tend to despise their own much weaker faith .

On the one hand , before the Fall man could not have enjoyed exhaustive certainty , for he was still bound by the limitations of his finiteness , though not of his sinfulness .
on the one hand , before the fall man could not have enjoyed exhaustive [sureness] , for he was still bound by the limitations of his finiteness , though not of his sinfulness .

Most probably doubt comes from the new sting given by the Fall to the lack of total epistemological certainty which was there before .
most probably doubt comes from the new sting given by the fall to the lack of total epistemological [sureness] which was there before .

It is not for doubt to deliver a certificate of certainty .
it is not for doubt to deliver a certificate of [sureness] .

Certainty of call — Ruthless tenacity — No ego problem — Hard worker .
[sureness] of call — ruthless tenacity — no ego problem — hard worker .

And he would watch her go with the certainty that she was meeting a lover .
and he would watch her go with the [sureness] that she was meeting a lover .

How lucky they were , she thought ; secure in each other 's affection and presumably fortified in increasing age by the certainty that if they were n't granted the grace of death on the same day there would be no lasting separation .
how lucky they were , she thought ; secure in each other 's affection and presumably fortified in increasing age by the [sureness] that if they were n't granted the grace of death on the same day there would be no lasting separation .

But its possession , the sight and weight of it on her key ring , had come to symbolize for her the certainty and the trust of their friendship .
but its possession , the sight and weight of it on her key ring , had come to symbolize for her the [sureness] and the trust of their friendship .

Why the perfect crime is a dead certainty
why the perfect crime is a dead [sureness]

As with children and young people from ethnic minorities it is not known with any certainty how many children in care have disabilities .
as with children and young people from ethnic minorities it is not known with any [sureness] how many children in care have disabilities .

Thus , we can not predict social events with absolute certainty and have to couch our forecasts in terms of probabilities , provided other factors do not change , which of course they can .
thus , we can not predict social events with absolute [sureness] and have to couch our forecasts in terms of probabilities , provided other factors do not change , which of course they can .

we can not predict outcomes with absolute certainty since individuals can take remedial action in the light of our forecasts .
we can not predict outcomes with absolute [sureness] since individuals can take remedial action in the light of our forecasts .

So while we may now know something about who is more likely to abuse and who is more likely to be a victim , we do not know why , when , how often and with what degree of certainty , abuse will take place , nor what the consequences will be for the child .
so while we may now know something about who is more likely to abuse and who is more likely to be a victim , we do not know why , when , how often and with what degree of [sureness] , abuse will take place , nor what the consequences will be for the child .

It was accepted that anal abuse may cause a range of signs , from surface skin damage , fissures , defects of anal verge , to severe lacerations , but that in our present state of knowledge , none of these in themselves , or in various clusters , establish with reasonable certainty that anal abuse has occurred .
it was accepted that anal abuse may cause a range of signs , from surface skin damage , fissures , defects of anal verge , to severe lacerations , but that in our present state of knowledge , none of these in themselves , or in various clusters , establish with reasonable [sureness] that anal abuse has occurred .

It was one of those rare moments when the clamour of war receded , the smoke cleared and a wise man could take stock of the situation quickly , accurately , and with some hope of certainty .
it was one of those rare moments when the clamour of war receded , the smoke cleared and a wise man could take stock of the situation quickly , accurately , and with some hope of [sureness] .

Judged on purely intuitive grounds , therefore , an association between creativity and madness can , with equal certainty , be enthusiastically embraced or vigorously rejected , depending upon one 's perspective . Which of these apparently contradictory views is nearer to the truth ? Is a trace of insanity a necessary prerequisite for originality ? Or is the idea merely a piece of folklore belief , sustained over the centuries by an inexact understanding of the quality of lunacy and destined to go the way of other popular myths , such as phrenology , astrology , and Mesmerism ?
judged on purely intuitive grounds , therefore , an association between creativity and madness can , with equal [sureness] , be enthusiastically embraced or vigorously rejected , depending upon one 's perspective . which of these apparently contradictory views is nearer to the truth ? is a trace of insanity a necessary prerequisite for originality ? or is the idea merely a piece of folklore belief , sustained over the centuries by an inexact understanding of the quality of lunacy and destined to go the way of other popular myths , such as phrenology , astrology , and mesmerism ?

Experienced subjectively the state may range , depending on the degree of insight retained , from great perplexity and distress to arrogant certainty ; observed objectively the behaviour seems grotesque and incomprehensible .
experienced subjectively the state may range , depending on the degree of insight retained , from great perplexity and distress to arrogant [sureness] ; observed objectively the behaviour seems grotesque and incomprehensible .

It is in this area that more clinical research might most profitably be done , for these are complex psychological phenomena about which we have little certainty .
it is in this area that more clinical research might most profitably be done , for these are complex psychological phenomena about which we have little [sureness] .

It said it had been unable to establish with sufficient certainty which of the inconsistent statements made by Mr Clark was not true .
it said it had been unable to establish with sufficient [sureness] which of the inconsistent statements made by mr clark was not true .

The apparent certainty of knowledge concerning the technology of sword and shield manufacture may all too easily divert attention away from the areas of greater doubt .
the apparent [sureness] of knowledge concerning the technology of sword and shield manufacture may all too easily divert attention away from the areas of greater doubt .

The second reaction is the likelihood , indeed near certainty , of what will happen if urban discontent , crime and violence increase : this will be attributed not to the social situation but to the inferior , even criminal , disposition of the people involved .
the second reaction is the likelihood , indeed near [sureness] , of what will happen if urban discontent , crime and violence increase : this will be attributed not to the social situation but to the inferior , even criminal , disposition of the people involved .

‘ No , it ent , ’ and Willie knew by the certainty in his voice that he was telling the truth .
‘ no , it ent , ’ and willie knew by the [sureness] in his voice that he was telling the truth .

The Frank & Walters look dubious about the crew 's certainty .
the frank & walters look dubious about the crew 's [sureness] .

‘ In a social situation where the old regime was collapsing , where old relations were in flux and general insecurity was growing , the members of the non-dominant ethnic group would see the community of language and culture as the ultimate certainty , the unambiguously demonstrable value .
‘ in a social situation where the old regime was collapsing , where old relations were in flux and general insecurity was growing , the members of the non-dominant ethnic group would see the community of language and culture as the ultimate [sureness] , the unambiguously demonstrable value .

This was a small unapologetic army of working-class entrepreneurs equipped with a defiant sense of moral right-eousness and an absolute certainty that those like themselves who made money from their wits were the winners , the top men .
this was a small unapologetic army of working-class entrepreneurs equipped with a defiant sense of moral right-eousness and an absolute [sureness] that those like themselves who made money from their wits were the winners , the top men .

‘ He was not sexually adamant , ’ Davenport-Hines tells us , with a certainty many biographers might envy .
‘ he was not sexually adamant , ’ davenport-hines tells us , with a [sureness] many biographers might envy .

They were up against the absolute certainty of guilt expressed by all the parties weighed against them .
they were up against the absolute [sureness] of guilt expressed by all the parties weighed against them .

In African countries there was less certainty as to what to do .
in african countries there was less [sureness] as to what to do .

Elsewhere there is greater flexibility , less certainty and a more liberal approach to economic and political diversity .
elsewhere there is greater flexibility , less [sureness] and a more liberal approach to economic and political diversity .

Would he himself ever know with certainty , be able to postulate his own thoughts as rationally ?
would he himself ever know with [sureness] , be able to postulate his own thoughts as rationally ?

What can be stated with some certainty is that ‘ London ’ is by no means the be-all and end-all of the emerging story and that an ‘ explosion ’ is occurring in terms of new record labels .
what can be stated with some [sureness] is that ‘ london ’ is by no means the be-all and end-all of the emerging story and that an ‘ explosion ’ is occurring in terms of new record labels .

Any examination of the history of ‘ history , will demonstrate that it has never had the immediate certainty that is implied in the all too frequent invocation of , concrete history ’ .
any examination of the history of ‘ history , will demonstrate that it has never had the immediate [sureness] that is implied in the all too frequent invocation of , concrete history ’ .

Instead of wrestling with the imponderables of land and trees and drainage and crops , he was back where his skills gave him a harsh certainty .
instead of wrestling with the imponderables of land and trees and drainage and crops , he was back where his skills gave him a harsh [sureness] .

Unger ( 1983 ) argues that epistemological certainty is feminist psychologists ' main enemy .
unger ( 1983 ) argues that epistemological [sureness] is feminist psychologists ' main enemy .

But feminist psychology , like traditional psychology , is still dominated by a love-affair with certainty .
but feminist psychology , like traditional psychology , is still dominated by a love-affair with [sureness] .

But the main effect is to make it more diverse than other forms of feminist psychology , despite the certainty of its pronouncements .
but the main effect is to make it more diverse than other forms of feminist psychology , despite the [sureness] of its pronouncements .

Sherfey ( 1970 ) points out that femininity may not be a transhistorical absolute ; but her certainty that it exists now endows it with contemporary universality .
sherfey ( 1970 ) points out that femininity may not be a transhistorical absolute ; but her [sureness] that it exists now endows it with contemporary universality .

’ and you are accustomed to making the distinction with unhesitating certainty ’ ( Freud 1933 : 113 ) .
’ and you are accustomed to making the distinction with unhesitating [sureness] ’ ( freud 1933 : 113 ) .

The programmes developed by egalitarian and woman-centred feminist psychologists are manifestations of this over-attachment to certainty .
the programmes developed by egalitarian and woman-centred feminist psychologists are manifestations of this over-attachment to [sureness] .

The problems associated with achieving physical contact have been superseded and replaced by the certainty of killing as soon as the pests bite or suck .
the problems associated with achieving physical contact have been superseded and replaced by the [sureness] of killing as soon as the pests bite or suck .

The one thing that can be said with certainty about mildew is that it is unpredictable .
the one thing that can be said with [sureness] about mildew is that it is unpredictable .

Modern botanical science knows a lot about dominant and recessive genes ( which characteristics are dominant over others ) but despite all the science , the one thing that you can be sure about is that there is no certainty about which characteristics of either male or female parent will show through in their progeny .
modern botanical science knows a lot about dominant and recessive genes ( which characteristics are dominant over others ) but despite all the science , the one thing that you can be sure about is that there is no [sureness] about which characteristics of either male or female parent will show through in their progeny .

Of course , there is no way that the reader can answer any of these questions with certainty , but they should be borne in mind .
of course , there is no way that the reader can answer any of these questions with [sureness] , but they should be borne in mind .

However , there was another factor , often omitted or underplayed , which made the demise of the Herald even more of a certainty .
however , there was another factor , often omitted or underplayed , which made the demise of the herald even more of a [sureness] .

Although there is a slight element of gamble with money purchase schemes , in that no one can forecast with certainty how well or badly a pension fund might do , in practice most trustees act very conservatively .
although there is a slight element of gamble with money purchase schemes , in that no one can forecast with [sureness] how well or badly a pension fund might do , in practice most trustees act very conservatively .

It should be noted that controversy surrounds the membership of some of these bodies and that there is no certainty about their precise relations to one another .
it should be noted that controversy surrounds the membership of some of these bodies and that there is no [sureness] about their precise relations to one another .

Whatever the truth of the matter , the one certainty for the future is that economic pressures will put everyone — reformers and conservatives — to the test .
whatever the truth of the matter , the one [sureness] for the future is that economic pressures will put everyone — reformers and conservatives — to the test .

Peirce could probably allow the same : his position rests upon the belief that there is a logical guarantee that induction will take us to the truth in the long run , but that our confidence in the short-run efficacy of the method is simply an ‘ acritical ’ commonsense certainty which may be susceptible to scientific explanation .
peirce could probably allow the same : his position rests upon the belief that there is a logical guarantee that induction will take us to the truth in the long run , but that our confidence in the short-run efficacy of the method is simply an ‘ acritical ’ commonsense [sureness] which may be susceptible to scientific explanation .

Thus the hermeneutic moment makes critical thought possible ; as long as the phenomenon of ‘ talking past one another ’ is not overcome , criticism remains imprisoned in a solipsistic self certainty , and the consequence of this condition
thus the hermeneutic moment makes critical thought possible ; as long as the phenomenon of ‘ talking past one another ’ is not overcome , criticism remains imprisoned in a solipsistic self [sureness] , and the consequence of this condition

Ireland loose-head Nick Popplewell , a certainty for the Lions ' summer tour to New Zealand , admitted : ‘ If England pick Victor Ubogu for the game in Dublin , we wo n't complain .
ireland loose-head nick popplewell , a [sureness] for the lions ' summer tour to new zealand , admitted : ‘ if england pick victor ubogu for the game in dublin , we wo n't complain .

‘ It 's a certainty — they 're trying to flush Nader out of hiding . ’
‘ it 's a [sureness] — they 're trying to flush nader out of hiding . ’

Shared family constructs enable individuals to organize their lives with some degree of predictability and certainty about the likely behaviour of other family members .
shared family constructs enable individuals to organize their lives with some degree of predictability and [sureness] about the likely behaviour of other family members .

But it is important for the family counsellor to remember that even such negative family systems provide individuals with a basis for role allocation , and a security based on certainty and predictability , however unpalatable .
but it is important for the family counsellor to remember that even such negative family systems provide individuals with a basis for role allocation , and a security based on [sureness] and predictability , however unpalatable .

Darrow and Govan were the first to identify with any certainty which ions were lost in diarrhoea and the quantities involved , thereby enabling them to state accurately the required make-up of an intravenous infusion aimed at replacing lost nutrients .
darrow and govan were the first to identify with any [sureness] which ions were lost in diarrhoea and the quantities involved , thereby enabling them to state accurately the required make-up of an intravenous infusion aimed at replacing lost nutrients .

The risk that the conference would enable German socialists to divert Allied socialists from their commitment to victory had to be balanced against the certainty that a refusal by Western socialists to respond to Russian calls for a new peace initiative would play into the hands of Bolshevik revolutionary defeatism .
the risk that the conference would enable german socialists to divert allied socialists from their commitment to victory had to be balanced against the [sureness] that a refusal by western socialists to respond to russian calls for a new peace initiative would play into the hands of bolshevik revolutionary defeatism .

It is also wiser not to treat every offer as an 18-carat-gold certainty .
it is also wiser not to treat every offer as an 18-carat-gold [sureness] .

While perfect certainty that an element exists is not needed for recognition , there must be sufficient evidence that this is so .
while perfect [sureness] that an element exists is not needed for recognition , there must be sufficient evidence that this is so .

These two conditions ensure that only gains for which there is a high degree of certainty ( of both their existence and amount ) are included in the p & l account .
these two conditions ensure that only gains for which there is a high degree of [sureness] ( of both their existence and amount ) are included in the p & l account .

Where there is less certainty , the gain should be recognised in the statement of total recognised gains and losses — an example is a gain arising on the revaluation of a property .
where there is less [sureness] , the gain should be recognised in the statement of total recognised gains and losses — an example is a gain arising on the revaluation of a property .

Even then , there can be no certainty because no two situations are alike .
even then , there can be no [sureness] because no two situations are alike .

Paddy lands have been largely neglected , and the poorer classes have sought employment in the plumbago mines , preferring the certainty of regular and ample wages to the prospective reward of a crop in the fields often liable to damage from floods and other causes beyond their control .
paddy lands have been largely neglected , and the poorer classes have sought employment in the plumbago mines , preferring the [sureness] of regular and ample wages to the prospective reward of a crop in the fields often liable to damage from floods and other causes beyond their control .

‘ If a finance director resigns , there 's no longer the certainty the company will find a replacement .
‘ if a finance director resigns , there 's no longer the [sureness] the company will find a replacement .

She just knew , she knew with absolute certainty , that in this vast , noisy , busy city , something would happen to her , and it was bound to be something good .
she just knew , she knew with absolute [sureness] , that in this vast , noisy , busy city , something would happen to her , and it was bound to be something good .

’ The terms would not have been Vincent 's , but the note of absolute certainty could be his .
’ the terms would not have been vincent 's , but the note of absolute [sureness] could be his .

For all his apparent certainty , the decision to throw in his lot with her must have weighed heavily .
for all his apparent [sureness] , the decision to throw in his lot with her must have weighed heavily .

The Renaissance certainty had been exploded by Copernicus , Kant , the French Revolution .
the renaissance [sureness] had been exploded by copernicus , kant , the french revolution .

The not altogether clear provisions regarding audit , finality and certainty mean that adjustments could well take place long after a partner has left a firm .
the not altogether clear provisions regarding audit , finality and [sureness] mean that adjustments could well take place long after a partner has left a firm .

Although the above analysis does not require that the distribution of future cash flows be known with certainty ( as they were in our example above ) , it does imply that there is no new information in the qualification .
although the above analysis does not require that the distribution of future cash flows be known with [sureness] ( as they were in our example above ) , it does imply that there is no new information in the qualification .

In addition , the single market should avoid delays in the transport of freight , and the need for additional stocks to be held to cover a shortfall because of the lack of certainty of delivery times .
in addition , the single market should avoid delays in the transport of freight , and the need for additional stocks to be held to cover a shortfall because of the lack of [sureness] of delivery times .

Indeed there is no certainty about how much money there is waiting to find managers .
indeed there is no [sureness] about how much money there is waiting to find managers .

Only one certainty remains : in future the great buildings of Sussex would be secular , and a new form of patronage would appear for local artists and craftsmen .
only one [sureness] remains : in future the great buildings of sussex would be secular , and a new form of patronage would appear for local artists and craftsmen .

On football pools the odds of becoming a millionare are much better , and they 're a virtual certainty compared to the chance of winning the £250,000 Premium Bond prize .
on football pools the odds of becoming a millionare are much better , and they 're a virtual [sureness] compared to the chance of winning the £250,000 premium bond prize .

The contexts of language teaching , like the more general social contexts within which they are located , are continually changing , continually challenging habitual ways of thinking and the patterns of past certainty .
the contexts of language teaching , like the more general social contexts within which they are located , are continually changing , continually challenging habitual ways of thinking and the patterns of past [sureness] .

We do not have adequate and up-to-date evidence which would enable us to answer these questions with certainty , but as elsewhere we can piece together clues from a variety of research studies .
we do not have adequate and up-to-date evidence which would enable us to answer these questions with [sureness] , but as elsewhere we can piece together clues from a variety of research studies .

That question is more difficult , because of the level of detailed evidence which is required to answer it with certainty .
that question is more difficult , because of the level of detailed evidence which is required to answer it with [sureness] .

Gill slits may have been present , but are hard to identify with certainty in the compressed material available .
gill slits may have been present , but are hard to identify with [sureness] in the compressed material available .

In sum , the tangible effects of Maastricht will be a programme for a European money and the certainty of broader , stronger powers of European government — with good and ill effects , in our view , finely balanced .
in sum , the tangible effects of maastricht will be a programme for a european money and the [sureness] of broader , stronger powers of european government — with good and ill effects , in our view , finely balanced .

They have tended to conclude that the most effective method of increasing the risks is by increasing the certainty of detection rather than by increasing the severity of the penalty ( but not always ; Ehrlich , 1975 , is best known for his advocacy of stiffer penalties , especially the use of capital punishment ) .
they have tended to conclude that the most effective method of increasing the risks is by increasing the [sureness] of detection rather than by increasing the severity of the penalty ( but not always ; ehrlich , 1975 , is best known for his advocacy of stiffer penalties , especially the use of capital punishment ) .

It is also , of course , relative to the nature and certainty of the losses we anticipate from indulging our deviant motivations .
it is also , of course , relative to the nature and [sureness] of the losses we anticipate from indulging our deviant motivations .

They have usually relied on the grossness of the physical threat , rather than its certainty , to do the work .
they have usually relied on the grossness of the physical threat , rather than its [sureness] , to do the work .

Their certainty owes something to a sense of betrayal .
their [sureness] owes something to a sense of betrayal .

In the early eighteenth century poverty was partially responsible for the many applications for military rank , for in the first half of the century even a commission in a new regiment , and the near certainty of half-pay at the conclusion of the war emergency , was attractive .
in the early eighteenth century poverty was partially responsible for the many applications for military rank , for in the first half of the century even a commission in a new regiment , and the near [sureness] of half-pay at the conclusion of the war emergency , was attractive .

The ‘ society-as-parent ’ supporters seem preoccupied with the necessity for certainty , permanence , security and a stable bond with a single set of parent figures in a relationship where both sides feel safe enough to make a long-term commitment .
the ‘ society-as-parent ’ supporters seem preoccupied with the necessity for [sureness] , permanence , security and a stable bond with a single set of parent figures in a relationship where both sides feel safe enough to make a long-term commitment .

It should be noted , however , that a concern for certainty and a single set of parent figures might also imply support for a position of minimal state intervention .
it should be noted , however , that a concern for [sureness] and a single set of parent figures might also imply support for a position of minimal state intervention .

Similarly , some children and some substitute parents need the certainty of the legal tie of adoption .
similarly , some children and some substitute parents need the [sureness] of the legal tie of adoption .

Some families who need the certainty of legal adoption are none the less more than willing to allow their child to continue contact with members of the birth family .
some families who need the [sureness] of legal adoption are none the less more than willing to allow their child to continue contact with members of the birth family .

Except in some of the nation park sites , permission to take pictures is generally not a requirement , so the photographer may just set up stall , in the fair certainty that he will not be accosted .
except in some of the nation park sites , permission to take pictures is generally not a requirement , so the photographer may just set up stall , in the fair [sureness] that he will not be accosted .

The ‘ rights ’ she is referring to are , she would suggest , rights to ‘ innocence ’ , and the ‘ security ’ of moral certainty .
the ‘ rights ’ she is referring to are , she would suggest , rights to ‘ innocence ’ , and the ‘ security ’ of moral [sureness] .

For those like Mrs Whitehouse , who believed in the importance of moral absolutes and moral certainty , this was a crucial period .
for those like mrs whitehouse , who believed in the importance of moral absolutes and moral [sureness] , this was a crucial period .

Doubt and ambivalence are transmuted into clarity and certainty , and any attempt to reintroduce complexity into the debate is rejected as ‘ mere nitpicking ’ or ‘ a deliberate attempt to muddy the issue ’ .
doubt and ambivalence are transmuted into clarity and [sureness] , and any attempt to reintroduce complexity into the debate is rejected as ‘ mere nitpicking ’ or ‘ a deliberate attempt to muddy the issue ’ .

They do not provide the safety within which individuals can clarify and express their own feelings , perceptions and inchoate beliefs , for the staffroom cliques are based on certainty , and function to hold at bay doubt and anxiety .
they do not provide the safety within which individuals can clarify and express their own feelings , perceptions and inchoate beliefs , for the staffroom cliques are based on [sureness] , and function to hold at bay doubt and anxiety .

The letter had destroyed at one blow a certainty so obvious that he had never even questioned it : his conception of the relationship between his parents .
the letter had destroyed at one blow a [sureness] so obvious that he had never even questioned it : his conception of the relationship between his parents .

It may be said at once that these questions can not be answered with complete certainty .
it may be said at once that these questions can not be answered with complete [sureness] .

First , the rapidity and certainty with which he chose those with whom he shared his thoughts .
first , the rapidity and [sureness] with which he chose those with whom he shared his thoughts .

The question of the ‘ Lanfranc forgeries ’ — that is , of the additions made to nine papal letters addressed to archbishops of Canterbury in order to provide clear papal authority for Canterbury 's primacy — hangs like a cloud over the primatial disputes of the years from 1072 to 1123 ; and it is important to seek such certainty as is to be obtained on this question .
the question of the ‘ lanfranc forgeries ’ — that is , of the additions made to nine papal letters addressed to archbishops of canterbury in order to provide clear papal authority for canterbury 's primacy — hangs like a cloud over the primatial disputes of the years from 1072 to 1123 ; and it is important to seek such [sureness] as is to be obtained on this question .

‘ We 'll survive , papa , ’ Emily said with a certainty that brought a light of hope into her father 's eyes .
‘ we 'll survive , papa , ’ emily said with a [sureness] that brought a light of hope into her father 's eyes .

In a series of conversations with the Frenchman Didier Eribon published by Thames and Hudson this month , Sir Ernst Gombrich , former director of the Warburg Institute and one of the most distinguished academics of our time ( yet one of the most accessible because of his belief that it should be possible to explain everything in language that can be understood by a child ) , talks about the development of his ideas , his values and the events which contributed to their formation . Here we offer you a foretaste of his clarity of thought and witty expression as well as the exhilarating certainty he gives the reader of the importance of art and reflection
in a series of conversations with the frenchman didier eribon published by thames and hudson this month , sir ernst gombrich , former director of the warburg institute and one of the most distinguished academics of our time ( yet one of the most accessible because of his belief that it should be possible to explain everything in language that can be understood by a child ) , talks about the development of his ideas , his values and the events which contributed to their formation . here we offer you a foretaste of his clarity of thought and witty expression as well as the exhilarating [sureness] he gives the reader of the importance of art and reflection

One other element however was essential to provide the dynamic for righteous action by evangelicals ; certainty of God 's government was combined with conviction of free human will and agency .
one other element however was essential to provide the dynamic for righteous action by evangelicals ; [sureness] of god 's government was combined with conviction of free human will and agency .

It absorbed and demonstrated the relevance of a particularly modern , even insurgent , current of thought ; it combined the seductiveness of the intellectually advanced with the supposed certainty of prosperous results .
it absorbed and demonstrated the relevance of a particularly modern , even insurgent , current of thought ; it combined the seductiveness of the intellectually advanced with the supposed [sureness] of prosperous results .

The orthodox answer was on the surface clear and precise enough , ‘ in the original text ’ — but this was little help if the original text could not with certainty be recovered .
the orthodox answer was on the surface clear and precise enough , ‘ in the original text ’ — but this was little help if the original text could not with [sureness] be recovered .

If we were to come across an object the like of which we had never before encountered , we would be in no position to determine whether it was an artefact or not , or to conclude with certainty that it had actually been designed and made by human beings .
if we were to come across an object the like of which we had never before encountered , we would be in no position to determine whether it was an artefact or not , or to conclude with [sureness] that it had actually been designed and made by human beings .

Only after many years of mental torment did some Calvinists achieve a certainty of conviction about their elect status , which helped them to cope with , and sometimes to change , the threatening and disturbing world that surrounded them .
only after many years of mental torment did some calvinists achieve a [sureness] of conviction about their elect status , which helped them to cope with , and sometimes to change , the threatening and disturbing world that surrounded them .

It is difficult to state with any certainty the exact date at which Henry finally decided on a full breach with Rome .
it is difficult to state with any [sureness] the exact date at which henry finally decided on a full breach with rome .

’ It was a neat description by a commander who had been forewarned of just this certainty .
’ it was a neat description by a commander who had been forewarned of just this [sureness] .

If the teacher criticised or even hit you then the last thing to do was complain at home because the certainty was you would be criticised or hit again .
if the teacher criticised or even hit you then the last thing to do was complain at home because the [sureness] was you would be criticised or hit again .

He had early and with total certainty come to the conclusion that whatever he had as an actor was beyond his comprehension .
he had early and with total [sureness] come to the conclusion that whatever he had as an actor was beyond his comprehension .

There is a certainty in your touch when you use them : know and be proud of them , discover further uses for them .
there is a [sureness] in your touch when you use them : know and be proud of them , discover further uses for them .

He was seized with a certainty that it was his own son .
he was seized with a [sureness] that it was his own son .

With his rare certainty of style , he made a sketch , rapid but inimitable .
with his rare [sureness] of style , he made a sketch , rapid but inimitable .

Since he was elected in 1918 on a platform of socialistic imperialism , complete rejection by the political establishment of his more sensible ideas turned the potential into a certainty .
since he was elected in 1918 on a platform of socialistic imperialism , complete rejection by the political establishment of his more sensible ideas turned the potential into a [sureness] .

To clarify this , Bentham lists seven so-called dimensions of pleasure and pain : ( 1 ) intensity ; ( 2 ) duration ; ( 3 ) certainty or uncertainty ; ( 4 ) propinquity or remoteness ; ( 5 ) fecundity ; ( 6 ) purity ; ( 7 ) extent .
to clarify this , bentham lists seven so-called dimensions of pleasure and pain : ( 1 ) intensity ; ( 2 ) duration ; ( 3 ) [sureness] or uncertainty ; ( 4 ) propinquity or remoteness ; ( 5 ) fecundity ; ( 6 ) purity ; ( 7 ) extent .

However , wherever there is hesitancy or opposition in ethical attitude which is not rooted in hesitancy or disagreement in belief , in the sense that no amount of factual certainty or agreement would cause the final ascendancy of one definite attitude , Stevenson thinks that the ethical question can not be resolved rationally .
however , wherever there is hesitancy or opposition in ethical attitude which is not rooted in hesitancy or disagreement in belief , in the sense that no amount of factual [sureness] or agreement would cause the final ascendancy of one definite attitude , stevenson thinks that the ethical question can not be resolved rationally .

Passing new laws was not a common occurrence , and the Commons usually left the conduct of day-to-day policy , especially in foreign affairs , to the King and his council , with complete certainty that this small body was better informed than the Commons or even the average members of the House of Lords .
passing new laws was not a common occurrence , and the commons usually left the conduct of day-to-day policy , especially in foreign affairs , to the king and his council , with complete [sureness] that this small body was better informed than the commons or even the average members of the house of lords .

All over Europe sailors had been accustomed to drawing a meridian through a point in their own country or through the furthest point to the west out in the Atlantic that they could determine with any certainty , and English sailors had usually taken their fixed meridian from a point west of the Lizard ( the last promontory of land they could see as they left the English Channel ) .
all over europe sailors had been accustomed to drawing a meridian through a point in their own country or through the furthest point to the west out in the atlantic that they could determine with any [sureness] , and english sailors had usually taken their fixed meridian from a point west of the lizard ( the last promontory of land they could see as they left the english channel ) .

Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , whose Rome Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith co-ordinated the drafting of the documents , described it as a response to the ‘ thirst for truth and certainty ’ , but admitted that the death penalty references were ‘ discussed at length , and not without difficulty ’ .
cardinal joseph ratzinger , whose rome congregation for the doctrine of the faith co-ordinated the drafting of the documents , described it as a response to the ‘ thirst for truth and [sureness] ’ , but admitted that the death penalty references were ‘ discussed at length , and not without difficulty ’ .

Since fleas do jump , of course , there is no certainty that they will not occasionally land on a chair , but the likelihood is greatly reduced if the dog is kept off furniture .
since fleas do jump , of course , there is no [sureness] that they will not occasionally land on a chair , but the likelihood is greatly reduced if the dog is kept off furniture .

Should a traveller , returning from a far country , bring us an account of men wholly different from any with whom we were ever acquainted ; men who were entirely divested of vice , ambition , or revenge ; who knew no pleasure but friendship , generosity , and public spirit ; we should immediately , from these circumstances , detect the falsehood , and prove him a liar , with the same certainty as if he ha [ d ] stuffed his narration with stories of centaurs and dragons , miracles and prodigies ( quoted in Freeman 1984 : 95 ) .
should a traveller , returning from a far country , bring us an account of men wholly different from any with whom we were ever acquainted ; men who were entirely divested of vice , ambition , or revenge ; who knew no pleasure but friendship , generosity , and public spirit ; we should immediately , from these circumstances , detect the falsehood , and prove him a liar , with the same [sureness] as if he ha [ d ] stuffed his narration with stories of centaurs and dragons , miracles and prodigies ( quoted in freeman 1984 : 95 ) .

In the human world , potential dangers range from the non-kinsmen and non-band members whose intentions can never be known with certainty , to the homicidal mai kahnoh kuui — ‘ the cutting-off-head-strangers ’ — who are believed to lurk along forest paths to decapitate the unwary , selling the heads to lowland Malays for ritual purposes .
in the human world , potential dangers range from the non-kinsmen and non-band members whose intentions can never be known with [sureness] , to the homicidal mai kahnoh kuui — ‘ the cutting-off-head-strangers ’ — who are believed to lurk along forest paths to decapitate the unwary , selling the heads to lowland malays for ritual purposes .

The Alsatians , their thick pelts soaked and steaming , had sniffed with some certainty around a little icon of the Virgin which stood by the roadside , sheltered from the rain by a stone arch , but after that they had rambled unhappily this way and that and returned whining to their handlers , who were knee-deep in mud , soaked to the skin and cursing roundly .
the alsatians , their thick pelts soaked and steaming , had sniffed with some [sureness] around a little icon of the virgin which stood by the roadside , sheltered from the rain by a stone arch , but after that they had rambled unhappily this way and that and returned whining to their handlers , who were knee-deep in mud , soaked to the skin and cursing roundly .

No-one can say for certain whether he was right ; what can be stated with certainty is that with Italy and Germany helping the Nationalists almost from the beginning , non-intervention threw the Spanish Republic into the embrace of the only great power willing to help her — the Soviet Union .
no-one can say for certain whether he was right ; what can be stated with [sureness] is that with italy and germany helping the nationalists almost from the beginning , non-intervention threw the spanish republic into the embrace of the only great power willing to help her — the soviet union .

There were two of them and she knew instantly , and with absolute certainty , that they were dead .
there were two of them and she knew instantly , and with absolute [sureness] , that they were dead .

Although it was morning and the quietest time of the day the air was already pungent with the smell of curry and spices , reminding Massingham that it was some hours since breakfast and that there was no certainty when he would get his lunch .
although it was morning and the quietest time of the day the air was already pungent with the smell of curry and spices , reminding massingham that it was some hours since breakfast and that there was no [sureness] when he would get his lunch .

How and why they form is still not known ; all that can be said with certainty is that winds begin to twirl anti-clockwise around a fixed point of steadily diminishing atmospheric pressure , and this circulating system then begins to move , invariably in a westerly direction , its internal pressure steadily falling and the gales inside it picking up speed as it does so .
how and why they form is still not known ; all that can be said with [sureness] is that winds begin to twirl anti-clockwise around a fixed point of steadily diminishing atmospheric pressure , and this circulating system then begins to move , invariably in a westerly direction , its internal pressure steadily falling and the gales inside it picking up speed as it does so .

There was only one certainty , one small piece of reasoned and deduced fact which spurred the would-be circumnavigators onwards .
there was only one [sureness] , one small piece of reasoned and deduced fact which spurred the would-be circumnavigators onwards .

This certainty was that the Spice Islands , the Moluccas , lay at the farthest side of the Mar del Sur , or of whatever might lie beyond the waters that Balboa saw .
this [sureness] was that the spice islands , the moluccas , lay at the farthest side of the mar del sur , or of whatever might lie beyond the waters that balboa saw .

Provided there is sufficient interest , tenders should also result in certainty of sale within a defined period .
provided there is sufficient interest , tenders should also result in [sureness] of sale within a defined period .

All items must be determined on a prudent basis and should err on the side of caution and in particular : ( a ) Revenue and profits must not be anticipated , but should be recognised by inclusion in the profit and loss account only when realised in the form of cash or of other assets , the ultimate realisation of which can be assessed with reasonable certainty .
all items must be determined on a prudent basis and should err on the side of caution and in particular : ( a ) revenue and profits must not be anticipated , but should be recognised by inclusion in the profit and loss account only when realised in the form of cash or of other assets , the ultimate realisation of which can be assessed with reasonable [sureness] .

It was this , or lose her completely with certainty and forever — a prospect that he could n't even begin to face .
it was this , or lose her completely with [sureness] and forever — a prospect that he could n't even begin to face .

And he knew with certainty that the stranger would be capable of doing anything that he threatened .
and he knew with [sureness] that the stranger would be capable of doing anything that he threatened .

It was n't the sight of the dog itself that had driven her indoors , but the certainty that the police would soon be arriving .
it was n't the sight of the dog itself that had driven her indoors , but the [sureness] that the police would soon be arriving .

But as she came forward he faltered , and his certainty died ; it was her , but it was n't , in a way that he could n't even have begun to explain .
but as she came forward he faltered , and his [sureness] died ; it was her , but it was n't , in a way that he could n't even have begun to explain .

Was it only five months ago we were all talking of promotion as a certainty ? In my position you soon learn that football has only one certainty , that at the end of ninety minutes the final whistle blows unless there is extra time .
was it only five months ago we were all talking of promotion as a [sureness] ? in my position you soon learn that football has only one [sureness] , that at the end of ninety minutes the final whistle blows unless there is extra time .

The key distinction is that between the case in which there is a known , finite number of periods in which firms will choose prices or outputs , and those in which either the number of periods , though finite , is not known with certainty , or the time horizon can be regarded as infinite .
the key distinction is that between the case in which there is a known , finite number of periods in which firms will choose prices or outputs , and those in which either the number of periods , though finite , is not known with [sureness] , or the time horizon can be regarded as infinite .

There was a certainty — a vitality — in his every movement , such that even the slightest hesitancy was telling .
there was a [sureness] — a vitality — in his every movement , such that even the slightest hesitancy was telling .

He knew , with a gut certainty , that this was what they should do .
he knew , with a gut [sureness] , that this was what they should do .

And knew , for a certainty , that Ben had done this to it .
and knew , for a [sureness] , that ben had done this to it .

Ben knew it for a certainty .
ben knew it for a [sureness] .

An almost frightening moral certainty swept over it and began to soothe its pain .
an almost frightening moral [sureness] swept over it and began to soothe its pain .

For instance , the main function of the tense system in Hopi is to signal modal meanings such as certainty , uncertainty , possibility , and obligation .
for instance , the main function of the tense system in hopi is to signal modal meanings such as [sureness] , uncertainty , possibility , and obligation .

Modality or modal meanings have to do with the attitude of the speaker to the hearer or to what is being said , with such things as certainty , possibility , and obligation .
modality or modal meanings have to do with the attitude of the speaker to the hearer or to what is being said , with such things as [sureness] , possibility , and obligation .

Overlapping coverage , albeit wasteful in some respects , ultimately contributed to the certainty and merchantability of bills of lading .
overlapping coverage , albeit wasteful in some respects , ultimately contributed to the [sureness] and merchantability of bills of lading .

The standardization of textual requirements was an equally important contribution of the Hague Rules to the certainty of the ocean bill .
the standardization of textual requirements was an equally important contribution of the hague rules to the [sureness] of the ocean bill .

In doing away with the ultra vires doctrine , Visby increased the certainty and abstraction of international bills of lading to the level of the Pomerene Act .
in doing away with the ultra vires doctrine , visby increased the [sureness] and abstraction of international bills of lading to the level of the pomerene act .

For example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .
for example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with [sureness] at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .

Professor Tetley likes the regulated status of this United States version of a waybill and contrasts it with waybills in the United Kingdom and Canada , which , being unfettered by a particular statute stipulate their own terms and conditions often to the detriment of certainty and fairness .
professor tetley likes the regulated status of this united states version of a waybill and contrasts it with waybills in the united kingdom and canada , which , being unfettered by a particular statute stipulate their own terms and conditions often to the detriment of [sureness] and fairness .

The widespread use of the ocean bill of lading until recent times was due to the certainty of its enforceability and to the relative fairness of its allocation of liability for carriage risks .
the widespread use of the ocean bill of lading until recent times was due to the [sureness] of its enforceability and to the relative fairness of its allocation of liability for carriage risks .

Its certainty was attained once the bill was separated from the charter party and became not only a receipt for the goods but also an independent ( captain or master of the vessel issued ) abstract document of title .
its [sureness] was attained once the bill was separated from the charter party and became not only a receipt for the goods but also an independent ( captain or master of the vessel issued ) abstract document of title .

Treaty law contributed significantly to the certainty of the ocean bill by establishing uniform requirements concerning its descriptive information .
treaty law contributed significantly to the [sureness] of the ocean bill by establishing uniform requirements concerning its descriptive information .

Yet , these gains in certainty have been made at the expense of the title and negotiability functions , functions that will continue to be needed for the foreseeable future .
yet , these gains in [sureness] have been made at the expense of the title and negotiability functions , functions that will continue to be needed for the foreseeable future .

It is scarcely surprising that when the Select Committee on Nationalized Industries examined this problem it found a ‘ lack of clarity and certainty and purpose ’ among what it called the sponsoring government departments .
it is scarcely surprising that when the select committee on nationalized industries examined this problem it found a ‘ lack of clarity and [sureness] and purpose ’ among what it called the sponsoring government departments .

We know too little about the internal social relations of some of the earliest collective and collaborative forms to speak with any certainty of that stage .
we know too little about the internal social relations of some of the earliest collective and collaborative forms to speak with any [sureness] of that stage .

She could see that the captain believed all this — there was certainty in the peacock imminence around the woman 's curly hair — but whether she herself could accept it she was n't so sure .
she could see that the captain believed all this — there was [sureness] in the peacock imminence around the woman 's curly hair — but whether she herself could accept it she was n't so sure .

The injustice of it all , the knowledge that Spiderglass possessed her and there was nowhere she could hide from them with their tracer in her head , the certainty that Karel could blackmail her with her string of crimes pushing her ever deeper into the mire — it all added up to just one thing .
the injustice of it all , the knowledge that spiderglass possessed her and there was nowhere she could hide from them with their tracer in her head , the [sureness] that karel could blackmail her with her string of crimes pushing her ever deeper into the mire — it all added up to just one thing .

Creggan suddenly felt strength and great certainty .
creggan suddenly felt strength and great [sureness] .

This sense of certainty was probably the occupational community 's greatest source of strength .
this sense of [sureness] was probably the occupational community 's greatest source of strength .

For those villagers who accepted their ‘ place ’ this created a sense of psychological certainty and with it a not altogether unwelcome sense of security .
for those villagers who accepted their ‘ place ’ this created a sense of psychological [sureness] and with it a not altogether unwelcome sense of security .

Yet all around her , in their revolutionary impulse , men and women not of the greatness of Coleridge but certainty of a similar ambition were beginning to log and classify , to catalogue and proudly identify what , until quite recently , had been the terrain of a very few — the variety of nature as known by Mary .
yet all around her , in their revolutionary impulse , men and women not of the greatness of coleridge but [sureness] of a similar ambition were beginning to log and classify , to catalogue and proudly identify what , until quite recently , had been the terrain of a very few — the variety of nature as known by mary .

Hope expressed himself enchanted : John was gripped by a dream of certainty . Her exceptional eminence , his own ; her singularity , his own …
hope expressed himself enchanted : john was gripped by a dream of [sureness] . her exceptional eminence , his own ; her singularity , his own …

The puzzle lay in his certainty that his feeling for her found an echo in her own feelings .
the puzzle lay in his [sureness] that his feeling for her found an echo in her own feelings .

The bullock stared but , having absorbed the garb , the poise , the certainty of Hope , let himself be stared down .
the bullock stared but , having absorbed the garb , the poise , the [sureness] of hope , let himself be stared down .

The judges , even in this , their very own field of creative endeavour , have accepted , in the interests of certainty , the self-denying ordinance of ‘ stare decisis , ’ the doctrine of binding precedent : and no doubt this judicially imposed limitation on judicial law-making has helped to maintain confidence in the certainty and evenhandedness of the law .
the judges , even in this , their very own field of creative endeavour , have accepted , in the interests of [sureness] , the self-denying ordinance of ‘ stare decisis , ’ the doctrine of binding precedent : and no doubt this judicially imposed limitation on judicial law-making has helped to maintain confidence in the [sureness] and evenhandedness of the law .

Capra believes that quantum mechanics demonstrates that there is no such thing as certainty in the physical world , and that the mechanistic view of the world which dominates scientific thought should be replaced by a view of the physical world as dynamic and interconnected .
capra believes that quantum mechanics demonstrates that there is no such thing as [sureness] in the physical world , and that the mechanistic view of the world which dominates scientific thought should be replaced by a view of the physical world as dynamic and interconnected .

The apparent certainty of physics creates the potential for knowing about everything :
the apparent [sureness] of physics creates the potential for knowing about everything :

Relativity and , more importantly , quantum mechanics , were not seen on the whole as a challenge to the idea of the certainty of physics ; on the contrary , they were often presented as proof of the exciting inroads physics was making .
relativity and , more importantly , quantum mechanics , were not seen on the whole as a challenge to the idea of the [sureness] of physics ; on the contrary , they were often presented as proof of the exciting inroads physics was making .

Here , however , Colin is using modern physics to support Christianity , on the basis that science can not provide certain knowledge , and that we must therefore look elsewhere for certainty .
here , however , colin is using modern physics to support christianity , on the basis that science can not provide certain knowledge , and that we must therefore look elsewhere for [sureness] .

As has been argued already , most students believed that there was an answer , that physics did provide certainty ; and they did not make philosophical connections between the ideas of modern physics and the existence or otherwise of absolute truths about the universe . One or two were aware that such connections could be made , that quantum mechanics was qualitatively different :
as has been argued already , most students believed that there was an answer , that physics did provide [sureness] ; and they did not make philosophical connections between the ideas of modern physics and the existence or otherwise of absolute truths about the universe . one or two were aware that such connections could be made , that quantum mechanics was qualitatively different :

The challenge of physics was not its certainty , but its lack of certainty .
the challenge of physics was not its [sureness] , but its lack of [sureness] .

To a greater degree than any other discipline — maybe even than sociology — it is concerned with the social construction of meaning , with dispelling certainty about knowledge .
to a greater degree than any other discipline — maybe even than sociology — it is concerned with the social construction of meaning , with dispelling [sureness] about knowledge .

In the general interest of certainty in the law we must be sure that there is some very good reason before we so act .
in the general interest of [sureness] in the law we must be sure that there is some very good reason before we so act .

The artefact , on the other hand , tends to imply a certain innocence of facticity ; it seems to offer the clarity of realism , an assertion of certainty against the buffeting of debate , an end or resting point which resolves the disorder of uncertain perspectives .
the artefact , on the other hand , tends to imply a certain innocence of facticity ; it seems to offer the clarity of realism , an assertion of [sureness] against the buffeting of debate , an end or resting point which resolves the disorder of uncertain perspectives .

under your feet . The certainty of place turns on the lights
under your feet . the [sureness] of place turns on the lights

One needed considerable capital and a long-term view to risk a completely planned town , and preferably also the certainty that the demand was there and could not fail — as in New Sarum in the thirteenth century or Middlesbrough and Barrow in the nineteenth .
one needed considerable capital and a long-term view to risk a completely planned town , and preferably also the [sureness] that the demand was there and could not fail — as in new sarum in the thirteenth century or middlesbrough and barrow in the nineteenth .

Elementary justice or … the need for legal certainty demands that the rules by which the citizen is to be bound should be ascertainable by him ( or , more realistically , by a competent lawyer advising him ) by reference to identifiable sources that are publicly accessible .
elementary justice or … the need for legal [sureness] demands that the rules by which the citizen is to be bound should be ascertainable by him ( or , more realistically , by a competent lawyer advising him ) by reference to identifiable sources that are publicly accessible .

Such contracts are appropriate because the timing and level of the peak can be determined with a high degree of certainty .
such contracts are appropriate because the timing and level of the peak can be determined with a high degree of [sureness] .

Crossing silhouettes in all orthogonal directions indicates that the problem can not be bounded by such a simple interpretation and further investigation is needed before the certainty of a clash can be established .
crossing silhouettes in all orthogonal directions indicates that the problem can not be bounded by such a simple interpretation and further investigation is needed before the [sureness] of a clash can be established .

Additionally , the recording of spatial relationships between parts is extended , allowing tolerance build-up to be simulated in either the maximum or minimum material condition to produce a `` region of certainty `` for final part positioning .
additionally , the recording of spatial relationships between parts is extended , allowing tolerance build-up to be simulated in either the maximum or minimum material condition to produce a `` region of [sureness] `` for final part positioning .

On the fifth dawn we hurried on deck to confirm my certainty that at last we had rounded the south-western point of Sulawesi , and had a clear run north to Makassar .
on the fifth dawn we hurried on deck to confirm my [sureness] that at last we had rounded the south-western point of sulawesi , and had a clear run north to makassar .

There is a high degree of certainty that my friend will win .
there is a high degree of [sureness] that my friend will win .

Alexander 's mind shifted from conflict over his intentions to certainty that The Yellow Chair was what he was writing .
alexander 's mind shifted from conflict over his intentions to [sureness] that the yellow chair was what he was writing .

Where the outcome of each long-term contract can be assessed with reasonable certainty before its conclusion the attributable profit is recognised in the profit and loss account as the difference between the reported turnover and related costs for that contract .
where the outcome of each long-term contract can be assessed with reasonable [sureness] before its conclusion the attributable profit is recognised in the profit and loss account as the difference between the reported turnover and related costs for that contract .

She had a sensual certainty about her , though she experienced as many philosophical doubts and emotional woes as the rest of us .
she had a sensual [sureness] about her , though she experienced as many philosophical doubts and emotional woes as the rest of us .

Perhaps too the journey had reminded her of the dreadful certainty that within a few years her beauty would fade , and all these inflated hopes and fears had combined to produce a mood of abandon utterly foreign to her that had found its culmination in that jungle storm .
perhaps too the journey had reminded her of the dreadful [sureness] that within a few years her beauty would fade , and all these inflated hopes and fears had combined to produce a mood of abandon utterly foreign to her that had found its culmination in that jungle storm .

The certainty inspired her .
the [sureness] inspired her .

Never had she met anyone of such mildness , such ease , such openness of heart , such certainty of pleasing .
never had she met anyone of such mildness , such ease , such openness of heart , such [sureness] of pleasing .

Slowly , tentatively , they part , your tongues meet , and your awareness of what the future holds passes from speculation to certainty .
slowly , tentatively , they part , your tongues meet , and your awareness of what the future holds passes from speculation to [sureness] .

The teacher , or anyone else present , could take steps to test the truth of the statement , ‘ Here is a piece of chalk ’ , but it is significant that the more stringent the test the more theory is called upon , and further , absolute certainty is never attained .
the teacher , or anyone else present , could take steps to test the truth of the statement , ‘ here is a piece of chalk ’ , but it is significant that the more stringent the test the more theory is called upon , and further , absolute [sureness] is never attained .

However , there are no easy solutions to the problems of an area such as the Highlands within the constraints of the existing national economic structure , and there is no certainty that small-scale industries would have provided a better base for employment growth .
however , there are no easy solutions to the problems of an area such as the highlands within the constraints of the existing national economic structure , and there is no [sureness] that small-scale industries would have provided a better base for employment growth .

Perhaps the main characteristics of this community were the senses of certainty and order in social life :
perhaps the main characteristics of this community were the senses of [sureness] and order in social life :

For those villagers who accepted their ‘ place ’ this created a sense of psychological certainty and with it a not altogether unwelcome sense of security .
for those villagers who accepted their ‘ place ’ this created a sense of psychological [sureness] and with it a not altogether unwelcome sense of security .

Neologisms such as ‘ pluralism ’ , ‘ simulationist ’ , ‘ relativisation ’ , ‘ problematisation ’ imply a world in which certainty has been cast into abeyance .
neologisms such as ‘ pluralism ’ , ‘ simulationist ’ , ‘ relativisation ’ , ‘ problematisation ’ imply a world in which [sureness] has been cast into abeyance .

The evidence from prehistoric times can seldom be interpreted with any certainty .
the evidence from prehistoric times can seldom be interpreted with any [sureness] .

Beccaria 's blueprint called for clarity in the law and due process in criminal procedure combined with certainty and regularity of punishment .
beccaria 's blueprint called for clarity in the law and due process in criminal procedure combined with [sureness] and regularity of punishment .

For the third , there was the pang in his body , physical , yet presumably more to do with the mind : a regret for the paltriness of his life ; grief about an existence that seemed in perpetual stalemate now because of a devouring sense of loss and betrayal , and yet a certainty of the possibility of something else .
for the third , there was the pang in his body , physical , yet presumably more to do with the mind : a regret for the paltriness of his life ; grief about an existence that seemed in perpetual stalemate now because of a devouring sense of loss and betrayal , and yet a [sureness] of the possibility of something else .

The Doctor stepped back from the device as Petion entered , but his welcoming words died on his lips as he saw the liveried servant who followed Petion in , a machete held loosely and comfortably in his hand with the certainty of one who knows how to use it .
the doctor stepped back from the device as petion entered , but his welcoming words died on his lips as he saw the liveried servant who followed petion in , a machete held loosely and comfortably in his hand with the [sureness] of one who knows how to use it .

In the presence of marking to the market , provided the changes in the riskless interest rate are known with certainty , while the proof becomes more complicated , the no-arbitrage condition remains valid .
in the presence of marking to the market , provided the changes in the riskless interest rate are known with [sureness] , while the proof becomes more complicated , the no-arbitrage condition remains valid .

Levy ( 1989 ) and Flesaker ( 1991 ) have shown that assuming the changes in the riskless interest rate are known ( and that contracts are divisible ; Polakoff , 1991 ) , is equivalent to assuming that each day the traders know the next day 's risk-free interest rate with certainty .
levy ( 1989 ) and flesaker ( 1991 ) have shown that assuming the changes in the riskless interest rate are known ( and that contracts are divisible ; polakoff , 1991 ) , is equivalent to assuming that each day the traders know the next day 's risk-free interest rate with [sureness] .

While interest rates until delivery are not known with certainty , the risk-free rate for the following day can be predicted with considerable accuracy .
while interest rates until delivery are not known with [sureness] , the risk-free rate for the following day can be predicted with considerable accuracy .

Such a scheme would undoubtedly provide a greater degree of certainty than under the present law but would be open to the objection that it would leave without redress any persons suffering injury from an unlisted activity , whether omission arose from ignorance of the risk or commercial or political pressures on the government of the day .
such a scheme would undoubtedly provide a greater degree of [sureness] than under the present law but would be open to the objection that it would leave without redress any persons suffering injury from an unlisted activity , whether omission arose from ignorance of the risk or commercial or political pressures on the government of the day .

The retention of the rule in Rylands v. Fletcher as a form of ‘ back-up ’ to this liability would go some way to meet this point , though the Royal Commission 's preference , for reasons of certainty , was for the abolition of that rule .
the retention of the rule in rylands v. fletcher as a form of ‘ back-up ’ to this liability would go some way to meet this point , though the royal commission 's preference , for reasons of [sureness] , was for the abolition of that rule .

Mr Channon was soon given certainty .
mr channon was soon given [sureness] .

Many of the studies are not large enough to detect or exclude with certainty clinically relevant differences in the effects of serotonin reuptake inhibitors and tricyclic and related drugs .
many of the studies are not large enough to detect or exclude with [sureness] clinically relevant differences in the effects of serotonin reuptake inhibitors and tricyclic and related drugs .

We are unlikely ever to be able to quantify transaction and implementation costs with any certainty .
we are unlikely ever to be able to quantify transaction and implementation costs with any [sureness] .

Throughout his life Nizan never quite succeeded in reconciling the division between a public image of ideological certainty and a private image of recurring angst and self-doubt .
throughout his life nizan never quite succeeded in reconciling the division between a public image of ideological [sureness] and a private image of recurring angst and self-doubt .

Already the various structural elements in Nizan 's psychology are becoming apparent : a brooding sense of death nurtured in his formative months and years as an infant and as a child ; a childhood admiration for the values and life-style of his father , a man exuding certainty , conviction and power , a man involved in the practical problems of everyday existence ; a corresponding indifference for the seemingly hollow existence of his mother preoccupied with family duties , social functions and religious rites ; an implicit recognition that the path to be followed was to be located somewhere in the dynamic working-class origins of his father rather than in the passive middle-class origins of his mother ; a sense of loneliness as a child compensated by a deeply experienced relationship with his father , an idol , the source of knowledge and truth .
already the various structural elements in nizan 's psychology are becoming apparent : a brooding sense of death nurtured in his formative months and years as an infant and as a child ; a childhood admiration for the values and life-style of his father , a man exuding [sureness] , conviction and power , a man involved in the practical problems of everyday existence ; a corresponding indifference for the seemingly hollow existence of his mother preoccupied with family duties , social functions and religious rites ; an implicit recognition that the path to be followed was to be located somewhere in the dynamic working-class origins of his father rather than in the passive middle-class origins of his mother ; a sense of loneliness as a child compensated by a deeply experienced relationship with his father , an idol , the source of knowledge and truth .

His certainty , his sense of direction , his belief in himself disintegrated alongside his career , and the Nizan household was never the same again .
his [sureness] , his sense of direction , his belief in himself disintegrated alongside his career , and the nizan household was never the same again .

Beneath the apparent certainty , a nexus of contradictions and paradoxes .
beneath the apparent [sureness] , a nexus of contradictions and paradoxes .

In an unpredictable , alien world in which all sense of certainty and reliability appeared to have disappeared , there was an urgent need to locate a positive and stable community of interests and values to be defended against the destructive , negative , death-like forces of a hostile universe .
in an unpredictable , alien world in which all sense of [sureness] and reliability appeared to have disappeared , there was an urgent need to locate a positive and stable community of interests and values to be defended against the destructive , negative , death-like forces of a hostile universe .

Beyond the distancing and perpetual deferment of irony , therefore , Nizan engaged in a quest for stability , certainty , reliability .
beyond the distancing and perpetual deferment of irony , therefore , nizan engaged in a quest for stability , [sureness] , reliability .

It is not surprising that Nizan 's gaze eventually alighted on the French communist party , a source of ideological certainty , a small community defending itself by rigid discipline against the fluidity , compromise and unreliability of centrist politics in Third Republic France .
it is not surprising that nizan 's gaze eventually alighted on the french communist party , a source of ideological [sureness] , a small community defending itself by rigid discipline against the fluidity , compromise and unreliability of centrist politics in third republic france .

Having turned his back on what he considered to be the sophistry , deception and compromise of bourgeois culture and bourgeois politics , in favour of the clarity and ideological certainty of what proved to be an unrealistic sectarian politics , force of circumstances compelled him after 1934 to engage in the compromising task of cooperative politics .
having turned his back on what he considered to be the sophistry , deception and compromise of bourgeois culture and bourgeois politics , in favour of the clarity and ideological [sureness] of what proved to be an unrealistic sectarian politics , force of circumstances compelled him after 1934 to engage in the compromising task of cooperative politics .

Except in some of the nation park sites , permission to take pictures is generally not a requirement , so the photographer may just set up stall , in the fair certainty that he will not be accosted .
except in some of the nation park sites , permission to take pictures is generally not a requirement , so the photographer may just set up stall , in the fair [sureness] that he will not be accosted .

They may also include several additional items of useful information : the duration of disease ( for example , diabetes , malignancy ) or date of operation , the certainty or otherwise of a diagnosis , the existence of an unexplained or undiagnosed symptom or sign , and involvement of other hospitals or carers .
they may also include several additional items of useful information : the duration of disease ( for example , diabetes , malignancy ) or date of operation , the [sureness] or otherwise of a diagnosis , the existence of an unexplained or undiagnosed symptom or sign , and involvement of other hospitals or carers .

In other words , his argument might be seen as an attempt to confront the common sense with the disconcerting fact that references to what are assumed to be numerically identical spatio-temporal particulars inhabiting an objective world `` out there `` can not be given a satisfactory justification , and consequently that one can not claim with certainty that such particulars represent the basic material of which the world is made up .
in other words , his argument might be seen as an attempt to confront the common sense with the disconcerting fact that references to what are assumed to be numerically identical spatio-temporal particulars inhabiting an objective world `` out there `` can not be given a satisfactory justification , and consequently that one can not claim with [sureness] that such particulars represent the basic material of which the world is made up .

He might not be able to tell with complete certainty which is which , but he can still numerically distinguish them , and , if he so chooses , name them again .
he might not be able to tell with complete [sureness] which is which , but he can still numerically distinguish them , and , if he so chooses , name them again .

Kant 's argument is of course inspired by his unshakeable belief in the synthetic character and the `` apodeictic certainty `` of mathematical propositions .
kant 's argument is of course inspired by his unshakeable belief in the synthetic character and the `` apodeictic [sureness] `` of mathematical propositions .

He merely maintained that the non-recurrence of the same complexes of qualities was a probability , not a certainty .
he merely maintained that the non-recurrence of the same complexes of qualities was a probability , not a [sureness] .

If we could say with certainty that they are , then , it seems , we would already know the answer to the problem as to the possibility of a numerical diversity of ontological existents .
if we could say with [sureness] that they are , then , it seems , we would already know the answer to the problem as to the possibility of a numerical diversity of ontological existents .

Yet a close analysis of the problems seemed to indicate that there could be no foolproof criteria whereby one might decide with certainty whether anything stays numerically identical from one moment in time to the next .
yet a close analysis of the problems seemed to indicate that there could be no foolproof criteria whereby one might decide with [sureness] whether anything stays numerically identical from one moment in time to the next .

He gave renewed confidence and certainty to America after two troubled decades , his military actions were limited in scale and he eventually proved ready to talk with Moscow .
he gave renewed confidence and [sureness] to america after two troubled decades , his military actions were limited in scale and he eventually proved ready to talk with moscow .

But it is information about ancient religions which is the most difficult to derive with any certainty from archaeological evidence .
but it is information about ancient religions which is the most difficult to derive with any [sureness] from archaeological evidence .

She felt , with a certainty she could n't explain , that he had called her here , and for some purpose .
she felt , with a [sureness] she could n't explain , that he had called her here , and for some purpose .

But she knew now that he lived in a state near total despair , his life so meaningless he did n't know how to live it , his one certainty that he had to find Jake and Fincara .
but she knew now that he lived in a state near total despair , his life so meaningless he did n't know how to live it , his one [sureness] that he had to find jake and fincara .

‘ You need n't be , ’ said Adam , with certainty .
‘ you need n't be , ’ said adam , with [sureness] .

’ This certainty had somehow emerged from her indecision .
’ this [sureness] had somehow emerged from her indecision .

It is sometimes claimed that stylometry enables the scholar to identify the fingerprint of an author , a stylistic criterion , or set of criteria , which can be used to determine with certainty questions of disputed authorship .
it is sometimes claimed that stylometry enables the scholar to identify the fingerprint of an author , a stylistic criterion , or set of criteria , which can be used to determine with [sureness] questions of disputed authorship .

The effect of these riders was to stress the need for certainty in decision making .
the effect of these riders was to stress the need for [sureness] in decision making .

The best reason for wanting some account of certainty in our analysis of knowledge is that people are rightly hesitant to claim knowledge when they are less than certain .
the best reason for wanting some account of [sureness] in our analysis of knowledge is that people are rightly hesitant to claim knowledge when they are less than certain .

Thus although it is commonly suggested that the notion of certainty is relevant to the analysis of claims to knowledge , but not to the analysis of knowledge itself ( e.g .
thus although it is commonly suggested that the notion of [sureness] is relevant to the analysis of claims to knowledge , but not to the analysis of knowledge itself ( e.g .

, in Woozley , 1953 ) , this leaves us with no method of explaining why certainty should be required before one can claim knowledge when it is not required for knowledge itself , i.e .
, in woozley , 1953 ) , this leaves us with no method of explaining why [sureness] should be required before one can claim knowledge when it is not required for knowledge itself , i.e .

The moral to be drawn is that if we are to give an account of knowledge which does not include a requirement of certainty , our account should make room for the notion of certainty somewhere ; if it sees certainty as a requirement for a knowledge claim it needs to be able to explain in its own terms why that should be so .
the moral to be drawn is that if we are to give an account of knowledge which does not include a requirement of [sureness] , our account should make room for the notion of [sureness] somewhere ; if it sees [sureness] as a requirement for a knowledge claim it needs to be able to explain in its own terms why that should be so .

If we are not careful , use of this example to defuse the pretensions of a certainty condition will result in our losing the belief condition we were trying to defend .
if we are not careful , use of this example to defuse the pretensions of a [sureness] condition will result in our losing the belief condition we were trying to defend .

Prichard ( 1967 ) gives an interestingly different account of the relations between knowledge , belief , certainty and truth .
prichard ( 1967 ) gives an interestingly different account of the relations between knowledge , belief , [sureness] and truth .

( d ) The theory does seem to have some resources with which to explain the link between certainty and knowledge .
( d ) the theory does seem to have some resources with which to explain the link between [sureness] and knowledge .

The theory therefore analyses the certainty required for a knowledge claim as the belief that the two subjunctive conditionals are satisfied .
the theory therefore analyses the [sureness] required for a knowledge claim as the belief that the two subjunctive conditionals are satisfied .

Probability and Certainty
probability and [sureness]

But certainty and infallibility are not identical , and we are trying to explain a theory which takes its basic beliefs to be infallible .
but [sureness] and infallibility are not identical , and we are trying to explain a theory which takes its basic beliefs to be infallible .

Our regress argument differs from Lewis ' argument about probability and certainty , despite the great structural similarities ( they are both regress arguments , really ) .
our regress argument differs from lewis ' argument about probability and [sureness] , despite the great structural similarities ( they are both regress arguments , really ) .

She turned and surveyed the room that was always hers when she visited Thomas , its architectural simplicity , the reassuring certainty of the heavy polished wood , the playful cubes and rectangles of the little Feininger villages which she had spent so much time dreaming over in the past .
she turned and surveyed the room that was always hers when she visited thomas , its architectural simplicity , the reassuring [sureness] of the heavy polished wood , the playful cubes and rectangles of the little feininger villages which she had spent so much time dreaming over in the past .

( 3 ) Can it be said with certainty that the court will , under section 2(2) , exempt the third party from liability to make a contribution ?
( 3 ) can it be said with [sureness] that the court will , under section 2(2) , exempt the third party from liability to make a contribution ?

… As appears from the decision below , the plaintiff could have had no certainty of ultimate success , and we are of opinion that it was not called upon to take the risk of having its contracts disputed and its business injured and of finding the tax more or less nearly doubled in case it finally had to pay .
… as appears from the decision below , the plaintiff could have had no [sureness] of ultimate success , and we are of opinion that it was not called upon to take the risk of having its contracts disputed and its business injured and of finding the tax more or less nearly doubled in case it finally had to pay .

‘ every contract sufficient to make a lease for years ought to have certainty in three limitations , viz. in the commencement of the term , in the continuance of it , and in the end of it ; so that all these ought to be known at the commencement of the lease , and words in a lease , which do n't make this appear , are but babble … And these three are in effect but one matter , showing the certainty of the time for which the lessee shall have the land , and if any of these fail , it is not a good lease , for then there wants certainty .
‘ every contract sufficient to make a lease for years ought to have [sureness] in three limitations , viz. in the commencement of the term , in the continuance of it , and in the end of it ; so that all these ought to be known at the commencement of the lease , and words in a lease , which do n't make this appear , are but babble … and these three are in effect but one matter , showing the [sureness] of the time for which the lessee shall have the land , and if any of these fail , it is not a good lease , for then there wants [sureness] .

This denial is so certain that other people close to the sufferer may even come to doubt their own certainty that there really are problems or they may even come to doubt their own sanity .
this denial is so certain that other people close to the sufferer may even come to doubt their own [sureness] that there really are problems or they may even come to doubt their own sanity .

One has a deep inner peace about it ; not absolute intellectual certainty , but practical confidence , which allows one to proceed to action with joyful assurance .
one has a deep inner peace about it ; not absolute intellectual [sureness] , but practical confidence , which allows one to proceed to action with joyful assurance .

On 28 October , the anniversary of the Fascists ' ascent to power , the Gazzetta di Parma had proclaimed : ‘ Led by the genius of Mussolini , Italy greets the fated date with unshakable certainty of victory .
on 28 october , the anniversary of the fascists ' ascent to power , the gazzetta di parma had proclaimed : ‘ led by the genius of mussolini , italy greets the fated date with unshakable [sureness] of victory .

What they want is certainty .
what they want is [sureness] .

Decision-making is often about future plans and events , yet nobody knows with certainty what will happen in the future .
decision-making is often about future plans and events , yet nobody knows with [sureness] what will happen in the future .

While one can not say with certainty that such images ‘ teach ’ boys to be aggressive in class , there is on the other hand little there which would permit boys to be quiet and accommodating , the attributes valued by the harassed classroom teacher .
while one can not say with [sureness] that such images ‘ teach ’ boys to be aggressive in class , there is on the other hand little there which would permit boys to be quiet and accommodating , the attributes valued by the harassed classroom teacher .

Hot and angry , she tossed in bed again , suppressing such nonsensical flights of fancy . But the more she thought about his arrogant assumptions , his conceited certainty that she was his for the taking , the more she bristled with indignation …
hot and angry , she tossed in bed again , suppressing such nonsensical flights of fancy . but the more she thought about his arrogant assumptions , his conceited [sureness] that she was his for the taking , the more she bristled with indignation …

The only certainty , she reflected ruefully , soaking in fragrant warm water up to her chin , was that in half an hour or so she 'd have to find the courage to face Roman again , possibly over the breakfast-table .
the only [sureness] , she reflected ruefully , soaking in fragrant warm water up to her chin , was that in half an hour or so she 'd have to find the courage to face roman again , possibly over the breakfast-table .

Had felt the overpowering certainty of the man behind the words and , again , recognised the echo in himself .
had felt the overpowering [sureness] of the man behind the words and , again , recognised the echo in himself .

Was there to be no certainty for him , then ?
was there to be no [sureness] for him , then ?

And maybe that was what had kept him from visiting this place these last five years : the knowledge that he could no longer share their unquestioning certainty .
and maybe that was what had kept him from visiting this place these last five years : the knowledge that he could no longer share their unquestioning [sureness] .

But when he looked down and met his daughter 's eyes , the certainty there disturbed him .
but when he looked down and met his daughter 's eyes , the [sureness] there disturbed him .

In his face there was a hard , uncompromising certainty about things ; in some strange way it reminded Lehmann of Berdichev .
in his face there was a hard , uncompromising [sureness] about things ; in some strange way it reminded lehmann of berdichev .

To render the applicability of natural justice dependent upon a prior classification of the above type would have its utility in greater certainty and predictability : if a case fell within one category certain results would follow ; if it fell in a different category differing results would ensue .
to render the applicability of natural justice dependent upon a prior classification of the above type would have its utility in greater [sureness] and predictability : if a case fell within one category certain results would follow ; if it fell in a different category differing results would ensue .

If they were not the point behind the initial categorisation is nullified or at least seriously qualified ; the certainty and predictability would be minimal .
if they were not the point behind the initial categorisation is nullified or at least seriously qualified ; the [sureness] and predictability would be minimal .

The problem is that this line is impossible to draw with any certainty or accuracy , because the definition of kind or type is inevitably comprised of descriptions within the statute of the situation which the tribunal has to determine .
the problem is that this line is impossible to draw with any [sureness] or accuracy , because the definition of kind or type is inevitably comprised of descriptions within the statute of the situation which the tribunal has to determine .

( a ) Certainty
( a ) [sureness]

But this is to say no more than that the presence of only one arbiter on the meaning of any of the conditions of jurisdiction produces more certainty than a division of responsibility .
but this is to say no more than that the presence of only one arbiter on the meaning of any of the conditions of jurisdiction produces more [sureness] than a division of responsibility .

It has been suggested that the decision would have been more convincing had the court focused directly upon the principles of proportionality and legal certainty : the withdrawal of the licence was a disproportionate method of achieving the council 's aims , coupled with the idea that there should be no punishment without breach of an established law .
it has been suggested that the decision would have been more convincing had the court focused directly upon the principles of proportionality and legal [sureness] : the withdrawal of the licence was a disproportionate method of achieving the council 's aims , coupled with the idea that there should be no punishment without breach of an established law .

The argument from a principle of legal certainty is equally problematic .
the argument from a principle of legal [sureness] is equally problematic .

If an agency has the power or duty to foster ties with Europe pursuant to 1992 , and has the power to award licences or grants , would a refusal to renew such a licence or award a grant to a firm with anti-European sympathies be an infringement of the principle of legal certainty ?
if an agency has the power or duty to foster ties with europe pursuant to 1992 , and has the power to award licences or grants , would a refusal to renew such a licence or award a grant to a firm with anti-european sympathies be an infringement of the principle of legal [sureness] ?

Concepts such as proportionality or legal certainty may be able to provide a more finely tuned approach .
concepts such as proportionality or legal [sureness] may be able to provide a more finely tuned approach .

The rules of probability ( p ) state that the value of p ranges from 0 ( zero ) to 1 ( one ) , where 0 indicates the lowest degree of probability and 1 indicates complete certainty .
the rules of probability ( p ) state that the value of p ranges from 0 ( zero ) to 1 ( one ) , where 0 indicates the lowest degree of probability and 1 indicates complete [sureness] .

Probability is the quantification of uncertainty , where zero probability is represented by the figure 0 and complete certainty is represented by the figure 1 .
probability is the quantification of uncertainty , where zero probability is represented by the figure 0 and complete [sureness] is represented by the figure 1 .

All he had was the certainty that whatever steps had been taken that day had led them in one direction only .
all he had was the [sureness] that whatever steps had been taken that day had led them in one direction only .

All that can really be said with certainty is that quasi-governmental bodies generally operate in narrower , more specific areas than government departments or local authorities .
all that can really be said with [sureness] is that quasi-governmental bodies generally operate in narrower , more specific areas than government departments or local authorities .

The peasant might be at the bottom of the pile , but he still had rights to own or work common land and thus the certainty of providing some food for the survival of himself and his family .
the peasant might be at the bottom of the pile , but he still had rights to own or work common land and thus the [sureness] of providing some food for the survival of himself and his family .

The strength of their conviction both in the inevitability of elites and in the certainty of their own demonstration is both a limitation and on occasion a source of penetrating insights .
the strength of their conviction both in the inevitability of elites and in the [sureness] of their own demonstration is both a limitation and on occasion a source of penetrating insights .

In this case , though the term ‘ power ’ is used to describe acts ' , there are important areas outside the realms of ‘ acts ’ which are also associated with power but at out which there is less certainty .
in this case , though the term ‘ power ’ is used to describe acts ' , there are important areas outside the realms of ‘ acts ’ which are also associated with power but at out which there is less [sureness] .

It gave a degree of certainty to public sector managers in the short run , but when the tax costs began to mount governments resumed their sudden cuts — just the situation Plowden had hoped to avoid .
it gave a degree of [sureness] to public sector managers in the short run , but when the tax costs began to mount governments resumed their sudden cuts — just the situation plowden had hoped to avoid .

The certainty that the abnormality of this relationship with Johnny could do her harm was , for a fraction of a second , clear and undisputed in her mind .
the [sureness] that the abnormality of this relationship with johnny could do her harm was , for a fraction of a second , clear and undisputed in her mind .

‘ In my book , it is , ’ she said with absolute certainty .
‘ in my book , it is , ’ she said with absolute [sureness] .

Yet she was in no wise a flirt : her natural expression appeared to mix prudishness with certainty , a combination which left the Ambassador indifferent .
yet she was in no wise a flirt : her natural expression appeared to mix prudishness with [sureness] , a combination which left the ambassador indifferent .

And such conviction of normality , such certainty that their essence has been developed and fixed by love , and is now to be framed forever , gives them a touching arrogance .
and such conviction of normality , such [sureness] that their essence has been developed and fixed by love , and is now to be framed forever , gives them a touching arrogance .

The certainty , the ease with which it draws
the [sureness] , the ease with which it draws

The traditional careers of doctor , dentist , lawyer , solicitor , accountant , actuary , vet , structural engineer and pharmacist are united by the certainty that their salaries will continue to rise steadily until they reach the top of their professions .
the traditional careers of doctor , dentist , lawyer , solicitor , accountant , actuary , vet , structural engineer and pharmacist are united by the [sureness] that their salaries will continue to rise steadily until they reach the top of their professions .

When buying or selling your home , the one certainty is that you will have to go through the legal process commonly known as conveyancing .
when buying or selling your home , the one [sureness] is that you will have to go through the legal process commonly known as conveyancing .

We 've been told to take off times , but if there 's one certainty , they 'll be rescheduled by a few hours before the season starts .
we 've been told to take off times , but if there 's one [sureness] , they 'll be rescheduled by a few hours before the season starts .

With the war now raging in the Middle East we might feel tempted to question such certainty .
with the war now raging in the middle east we might feel tempted to question such [sureness] .

‘ Some parents like a degree of certainty , which the purely equity-based schemes do n't offer , ’ says Anne Feek of the School Fees Insurance Agency .
‘ some parents like a degree of [sureness] , which the purely equity-based schemes do n't offer , ’ says anne feek of the school fees insurance agency .

‘ That is blood , ’ said Hugh with certainty .
‘ that is blood , ’ said hugh with [sureness] .

Everything was happening now with a distant , dreamlike certainty .
everything was happening now with a distant , dreamlike [sureness] .

‘ You do not believe it of him , either , ’ she said with certainty .
‘ you do not believe it of him , either , ’ she said with [sureness] .

He never was in earnest , Cadfael reflected with certainty , and it would spoil his sport to use contrivance .
he never was in earnest , cadfael reflected with [sureness] , and it would spoil his sport to use contrivance .

He could not imagine finding tranquillity of soul in old age ; if he could only be allowed to mark time for a while all might yet be well , one might suddenly achieve equilibrium , certainty , serenity .
he could not imagine finding tranquillity of soul in old age ; if he could only be allowed to mark time for a while all might yet be well , one might suddenly achieve equilibrium , [sureness] , serenity .

But religious language not only provided a link between different political constituencies , it offered a set of concepts , a rhetoric of resistance and a strength of moral certainty powerful enough to take on the weight of the medical and political establishment .
but religious language not only provided a link between different political constituencies , it offered a set of concepts , a rhetoric of resistance and a strength of moral [sureness] powerful enough to take on the weight of the medical and political establishment .

If the growing power of the medical profession was in part derived from the certainty and coherence of its discourse , then the success of repeal opposition was dependent on the mobilization of an alternative language capable of challenging professional power and expertise .
if the growing power of the medical profession was in part derived from the [sureness] and coherence of its discourse , then the success of repeal opposition was dependent on the mobilization of an alternative language capable of challenging professional power and expertise .

Friedrich Hayek , an Austrian economist living in England , issued a seminal warning : full employment , social security and freedom from want could not be had unless they came as by-products of a system that released the free energies of individuals ; furthermore planning created not certainty , but uncertainty .
friedrich hayek , an austrian economist living in england , issued a seminal warning : full employment , social security and freedom from want could not be had unless they came as by-products of a system that released the free energies of individuals ; furthermore planning created not [sureness] , but uncertainty .

’ There was a certainty in his tone that surprised her .
’ there was a [sureness] in his tone that surprised her .

Li Yuan sat there , entranced by the fluency of her playing , the swift certainty of her fingers across the strings , by the passionate tiny movements of her head as she wrought the tune from nothingness .
li yuan sat there , entranced by the fluency of her playing , the swift [sureness] of her fingers across the strings , by the passionate tiny movements of her head as she wrought the tune from nothingness .

He knew it for a certainty .
he knew it for a [sureness] .

He stood , then cast the book down on to the chair angrily . Where had his certainty gone ? Where the clarity of his youth ?
he stood , then cast the book down on to the chair angrily . where had his [sureness] gone ? where the clarity of his youth ?

He stared down into the depths of the carp pool , as if seeking the certainty of the past , then shook his head .
he stared down into the depths of the carp pool , as if seeking the [sureness] of the past , then shook his head .

And in the interplay of change and certainty each man lived out his life .
and in the interplay of change and [sureness] each man lived out his life .

It was fortunate that the War had undermined his certainty .
it was fortunate that the war had undermined his [sureness] .

As this dream-man called Duvall advanced towards him in slow motion , Jimmy 's dream-brain raced , providing answers with utter certainty .
as this dream-man called duvall advanced towards him in slow motion , jimmy 's dream-brain raced , providing answers with utter [sureness] .

But Charlotte would have needed to be alone with him , decks cleared of their differences , for certainty on the point .
but charlotte would have needed to be alone with him , decks cleared of their differences , for [sureness] on the point .

‘ She knows , ’ the other said with an air of certainty .
‘ she knows , ’ the other said with an air of [sureness] .

There was a note of certainty in Peter Farrell 's voice .
there was a note of [sureness] in peter farrell 's voice .

Stanley was also an able stuccoist , but , as with his sculptural works , little can as yet be assigned to him with certainty until the 1740s .
stanley was also an able stuccoist , but , as with his sculptural works , little can as yet be assigned to him with [sureness] until the 1740s .

Six surviving compositions may be ascribed with certainty to Plummer , namely two movements of a four-voiced tenor Mass with the antiphon ‘ Nesciens Mater ’ as its tenor , and three three-voiced settings of Marian antiphons which do not use the chant and must have been sung as votive memorial pieces ; his masterpiece , Anna Mater Matris Christi , sets a respond , again without the chant , in a remarkable texture of three equal tenors with an optional treble part riding above — certainly a fitting example of the art of the master of the chapel children .
six surviving compositions may be ascribed with [sureness] to plummer , namely two movements of a four-voiced tenor mass with the antiphon ‘ nesciens mater ’ as its tenor , and three three-voiced settings of marian antiphons which do not use the chant and must have been sung as votive memorial pieces ; his masterpiece , anna mater matris christi , sets a respond , again without the chant , in a remarkable texture of three equal tenors with an optional treble part riding above — certainly a fitting example of the art of the master of the chapel children .

None the less , there can be no certainty that they are the works of Alexander himself rather than some member of his entourage .
none the less , there can be no [sureness] that they are the works of alexander himself rather than some member of his entourage .

It is difficult to penetrate Rudd 's religious views with any certainty .
it is difficult to penetrate rudd 's religious views with any [sureness] .

The only certainty is that by 1201 he was attached to the household of Hubert Walter at Canterbury , being credited at least once with the title of archbishop 's steward .
the only [sureness] is that by 1201 he was attached to the household of hubert walter at canterbury , being credited at least once with the title of archbishop 's steward .

He gave a course of lectures in Rotherham in 1803 , but thereafter the next certainty is that he died in Tamworth and was buried there 23 August 1810 .
he gave a course of lectures in rotherham in 1803 , but thereafter the next [sureness] is that he died in tamworth and was buried there 23 august 1810 .

All that may be stated with any certainty is that his knowledge of the craft must have been more than merely adequate and that he was a good businessman .
all that may be stated with any [sureness] is that his knowledge of the craft must have been more than merely adequate and that he was a good businessman .

Should he not have acquired a deep mental calm and certainty ?
should he not have acquired a deep mental calm and [sureness] ?

Rain guessed what had caused such changes : the realization that her talent did not stretch very far ; the passing of a way of life which had been so thrilling ; impending old age with few friends , little money and no certainty of a roof over her head .
rain guessed what had caused such changes : the realization that her talent did not stretch very far ; the passing of a way of life which had been so thrilling ; impending old age with few friends , little money and no [sureness] of a roof over her head .

Second , there is the possibility ( which , according to the Marxist model of capitalist liberal democracies , will become a certainty ) that the bureaucracy will be responsive primarily to the interests of a particular class in society .
second , there is the possibility ( which , according to the marxist model of capitalist liberal democracies , will become a [sureness] ) that the bureaucracy will be responsive primarily to the interests of a particular class in society .

An absolute certainty that no-one wishes you harm .
an absolute [sureness] that no-one wishes you harm .

We have already pointed out that clarinets in unison with high trumpets give them increased roundness of tone and certainty of attack .
we have already pointed out that clarinets in unison with high trumpets give them increased roundness of tone and [sureness] of attack .

At 7 o'clock in the morning there was no certainty of getting one quickly and we kept rushing to the window until someone shouted ‘ Here it comes ’ … To us children , no Cinderella 's fairy-carriage could have been handsomer than the cab actually at the door .
at 7 o'clock in the morning there was no [sureness] of getting one quickly and we kept rushing to the window until someone shouted ‘ here it comes ’ … to us children , no cinderella 's fairy-carriage could have been handsomer than the cab actually at the door .

‘ — a high quality of legal advice , experience and competence in conducting and managing cases of this sort ; — the greater likelihood that all potential plaintiffs would be brought in from the outset , assisting the conduct of the case and giving greater certainty to defendants ; — the co-ordinated organisation of claims , research , expert opinions and pre-trial procedures . ’
‘ — a high quality of legal advice , experience and competence in conducting and managing cases of this sort ; — the greater likelihood that all potential plaintiffs would be brought in from the outset , assisting the conduct of the case and giving greater [sureness] to defendants ; — the co-ordinated organisation of claims , research , expert opinions and pre-trial procedures . ’

Distinct from the previously existing ‘ folk culture ’ , it is only in the late-nineteenth-century city that one can speak with any degree of certainty about the existence of a mass and popular culture .
distinct from the previously existing ‘ folk culture ’ , it is only in the late-nineteenth-century city that one can speak with any degree of [sureness] about the existence of a mass and popular culture .

It is , as Lord Renton pointed out in an address to this Society in 1990 , too much to ask that legislation should always be expressed simply ; for the complexities of modern life do not always admit of simplicity and we can not afford , in providing a code of conduct , to sacrifice certainty to simplicity .
it is , as lord renton pointed out in an address to this society in 1990 , too much to ask that legislation should always be expressed simply ; for the complexities of modern life do not always admit of simplicity and we can not afford , in providing a code of conduct , to sacrifice [sureness] to simplicity .

Whenever anyone finds a provision difficult to understand with certainty , his first and instantaneous reaction is to blame the draftsman .
whenever anyone finds a provision difficult to understand with [sureness] , his first and instantaneous reaction is to blame the draftsman .

Though he offered to identify his sources to Chief Judge Platt in camera , Shaughnessy was only too well aware that the certainty he felt about Flight 103 had yet to be converted into a certainty he could prove in court .
though he offered to identify his sources to chief judge platt in camera , shaughnessy was only too well aware that the [sureness] he felt about flight 103 had yet to be converted into a [sureness] he could prove in court .

Forensic science had no answer to the question of what happened to the timer after it was supplied to the Libyans by the Swiss , any more than it could say with certainty what happened to the Semtex plastic explosive after that was supplied to the Libyans by the Czechs .
forensic science had no answer to the question of what happened to the timer after it was supplied to the libyans by the swiss , any more than it could say with [sureness] what happened to the semtex plastic explosive after that was supplied to the libyans by the czechs .

Rain said if Maureen did it suggested a powerful reason for her certainty that her father had died for political reasons .
rain said if maureen did it suggested a powerful reason for her [sureness] that her father had died for political reasons .

In age , she was perhaps in her late twenties or early thirties , although as she was so thin and haggard , it was difficult to estimate with any certainty .
in age , she was perhaps in her late twenties or early thirties , although as she was so thin and haggard , it was difficult to estimate with any [sureness] .

Far from succeeding in injecting certainty into the law , the Criminal Law Revision Committee 's proposal regarding consent will ensure that confusion continues to reign .
far from succeeding in injecting [sureness] into the law , the criminal law revision committee 's proposal regarding consent will ensure that confusion continues to reign .

Indeed , it seems that the Committee was less concerned with certainty than with checking the expansion of the law of rape heralded by Olugboja .
indeed , it seems that the committee was less concerned with [sureness] than with checking the expansion of the law of rape heralded by olugboja .

The bewildering lack of certainty and clarity in the law which these cases illustrate is clearly undesirable for victims and may deter some from pursuing a complaint .
the bewildering lack of [sureness] and clarity in the law which these cases illustrate is clearly undesirable for victims and may deter some from pursuing a complaint .

Proven and probable reserves are the estimated quantities of crude oil , natural gas and natural gas liquids which geological , geophysical and engineering data demonstrate with a specified degree if certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs and which are considered commercially producible .
proven and probable reserves are the estimated quantities of crude oil , natural gas and natural gas liquids which geological , geophysical and engineering data demonstrate with a specified degree if [sureness] to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs and which are considered commercially producible .

’ Paul knew that his plans were in God 's hands , and that certainty comes across very clearly in the way that he sets out his desire to go forward for Jesus .
’ paul knew that his plans were in god 's hands , and that [sureness] comes across very clearly in the way that he sets out his desire to go forward for jesus .

Having said that , the landlord may accept that there is more certainty in serving a s 146 notice with a short period of notice , leading to re-entry , rather than to run the risk that the tenant may subsequently utilise the Common Law Procedure Act 1852 which permits the tenant to apply for relief for up to six months after judgment in respect of forfeiture for arrears of rent .
having said that , the landlord may accept that there is more [sureness] in serving a s 146 notice with a short period of notice , leading to re-entry , rather than to run the risk that the tenant may subsequently utilise the common law procedure act 1852 which permits the tenant to apply for relief for up to six months after judgment in respect of forfeiture for arrears of rent .

9.15.3 any notice or document shall also be sufficiently served if sent by telex [ telephonic facsimile transmission or any other means of electronic transmission ] to the party to be served ( or its solicitors where 9.15.2 applies ) and that service shall be deemed to be made on the day of transmission if transmitted before 4 pm on a Working Day but otherwise on the next following Working Day ( as defined above ) and in this clause `` party `` includes the Guarantor These provisions are designed to introduce certainty to the service of notices and documents and , unless a particular tenant takes exception to any aspect , they do not seem unreasonable .
9.15.3 any notice or document shall also be sufficiently served if sent by telex [ telephonic facsimile transmission or any other means of electronic transmission ] to the party to be served ( or its solicitors where 9.15.2 applies ) and that service shall be deemed to be made on the day of transmission if transmitted before 4 pm on a working day but otherwise on the next following working day ( as defined above ) and in this clause `` party `` includes the guarantor these provisions are designed to introduce [sureness] to the service of notices and documents and , unless a particular tenant takes exception to any aspect , they do not seem unreasonable .

However , the courts have frequently recognised that businessmen do not share the lawyer 's desire for certainty , and that insistence that all terms be precisely agreed would prevent many business agreements being regarded as contracts at all .
however , the courts have frequently recognised that businessmen do not share the lawyer 's desire for [sureness] , and that insistence that all terms be precisely agreed would prevent many business agreements being regarded as contracts at all .

Thus the use of standard terms may promote certainty : the terms of the contract may be easily located and identified ; where the same terms are used over a period , the business and its trading partners will come to know their respective rights and obligations ; terms may be applied to resolve disputes and thus acquire `` precedent `` value .
thus the use of standard terms may promote [sureness] : the terms of the contract may be easily located and identified ; where the same terms are used over a period , the business and its trading partners will come to know their respective rights and obligations ; terms may be applied to resolve disputes and thus acquire `` precedent `` value .

Certainty and definitions The importance of certainty in drafting has already been mentioned .
[sureness] and definitions the importance of [sureness] in drafting has already been mentioned .

Overriding interests are the Achilles ' heel of registered land conveyancing , whose `` principal object … is to confer certainty `` ( Ruoff & Roper , The Law and Practice of Registered Conveyancing , ( 4th ed ) Sweet & Maxwell , p43 ) .
overriding interests are the achilles ' heel of registered land conveyancing , whose `` principal object … is to confer [sureness] `` ( ruoff & roper , the law and practice of registered conveyancing , ( 4th ed ) sweet & maxwell , p43 ) .

In other cases in this category the earlier case , though not formally binding , was often followed in order to provide certainty and consistency in an area where commercial relations may depend on an accepted construction .
in other cases in this category the earlier case , though not formally binding , was often followed in order to provide [sureness] and consistency in an area where commercial relations may depend on an accepted construction .

What amounts to reasonableness is a question of fact and any answer approaching certainty can only be given after examining the circumstances of each case .
what amounts to reasonableness is a question of fact and any answer approaching [sureness] can only be given after examining the circumstances of each case .

Obviously , if the contract goods are unascertained , an attempt to exclude all undertakings as to description would destroy the certainty of subject matter in the contract .
obviously , if the contract goods are unascertained , an attempt to exclude all undertakings as to description would destroy the [sureness] of subject matter in the contract .

With respect , there is much to be said for the minority view expressed by Lord Pearce which is based upon certainty in transactions and would not expose the parties to shifts in scientific knowledge right up to the time of trial .
with respect , there is much to be said for the minority view expressed by lord pearce which is based upon [sureness] in transactions and would not expose the parties to shifts in scientific knowledge right up to the time of trial .

It thus promotes certainty .
it thus promotes [sureness] .

It offers both traders and customers a high level of certainty as to exactly what is on offer .
it offers both traders and customers a high level of [sureness] as to exactly what is on offer .

His certainty made her feel safe .
his [sureness] made her feel safe .

Unfortunately , you can not do this with complete certainty because one sine has 2 associated angles .
unfortunately , you can not do this with complete [sureness] because one sine has 2 associated angles .

All there was as a certainty was here and now .
all there was as a [sureness] was here and now .

’ Luke shook his head , his eyes filled with certainty .
’ luke shook his head , his eyes filled with [sureness] .

Suddenly everything shifted slightly out of focus , all the certainty that she was right about his being involved , and she was left feeling totally disorientated .
suddenly everything shifted slightly out of focus , all the [sureness] that she was right about his being involved , and she was left feeling totally disorientated .

‘ Oh , yes , you are , Laura , ’ he drawled softly , her limbs trembling at the hard , flat note of certainty in his voice .
‘ oh , yes , you are , laura , ’ he drawled softly , her limbs trembling at the hard , flat note of [sureness] in his voice .

There is a requirement for a competition study , but no certainty that the Commission will produce a thorough review of the competition between different categories of alcoholic drinks .
there is a requirement for a competition study , but no [sureness] that the commission will produce a thorough review of the competition between different categories of alcoholic drinks .

When we are dealing with the structure plan for which there is no local plan in force , we have a new problem which is that , owing to the diagrammatic nature of the plans , no one will be able to say with certainty that this does or does not affect the claimant 's property , but that nevertheless , because of that very uncertainty , a wider number of properties may be affected .
when we are dealing with the structure plan for which there is no local plan in force , we have a new problem which is that , owing to the diagrammatic nature of the plans , no one will be able to say with [sureness] that this does or does not affect the claimant 's property , but that nevertheless , because of that very uncertainty , a wider number of properties may be affected .

In fact , these provisions were largely ineffective since it proved extremely difficult to determine with any certainty which properties had increased in value as a result of a scheme ( or of works carried out under a scheme ) or , where there was a reasonable degree of certainty , how much of the increase in value was directly attributable to the scheme and how much to other factors .
in fact , these provisions were largely ineffective since it proved extremely difficult to determine with any [sureness] which properties had increased in value as a result of a scheme ( or of works carried out under a scheme ) or , where there was a reasonable degree of [sureness] , how much of the increase in value was directly attributable to the scheme and how much to other factors .

Industrial developers and housebuilders complain bitterly about the rate at which land is fed into the development pipeline , yet at the same time are dependent on planning to provide a degree of certainty and support for profitable investment .
industrial developers and housebuilders complain bitterly about the rate at which land is fed into the development pipeline , yet at the same time are dependent on planning to provide a degree of [sureness] and support for profitable investment .

‘ You 're not going to lose your baby , Lucy … ’ The gentle note of calm certainty in his voice ripped at Virginia 's flayed emotions .
‘ you 're not going to lose your baby , lucy … ’ the gentle note of calm [sureness] in his voice ripped at virginia 's flayed emotions .

The next step must be taken by him — she was content to wait and revel in the certainty that he would , eventually , tell her that he loved her .
the next step must be taken by him — she was content to wait and revel in the [sureness] that he would , eventually , tell her that he loved her .

And Shelley lay back that night , watching the fan sway round and round above her , and wishing that Rosie 's certainty had n't been quite so fervent .
and shelley lay back that night , watching the fan sway round and round above her , and wishing that rosie 's [sureness] had n't been quite so fervent .

But she knew with bleak certainty that , once she 'd left it , she would never , ever come back .
but she knew with bleak [sureness] that , once she 'd left it , she would never , ever come back .

But even as the thought went through her mind Luce knew with the utmost certainty that he would n't come to her .
but even as the thought went through her mind luce knew with the utmost [sureness] that he would n't come to her .

Usually , but it 's not a certainty .
usually , but it 's not a [sureness] .

His mouth tightened but he released her wrist , eyes glittering , and she ran up the stairs , into her bedroom , slammed the door , locked it , then knew with a terrible deep certainty that she had run from her own desire .
his mouth tightened but he released her wrist , eyes glittering , and she ran up the stairs , into her bedroom , slammed the door , locked it , then knew with a terrible deep [sureness] that she had run from her own desire .

She was getting ready to go out , however , when , in a flash of unwanted certainty , she knew that there was one very big reason why she should n't be attracted to Ven — because he was not attracted to her , and it was all one-sided , that was why !
she was getting ready to go out , however , when , in a flash of unwanted [sureness] , she knew that there was one very big reason why she should n't be attracted to ven — because he was not attracted to her , and it was all one-sided , that was why !

Well , to hell with you , sweetheart , she railed , and , her pride once more up in arms , a certainty in her head that she had seen the last of Ven for that night , she rocketed from her bed , took a shower , and got dressed .
well , to hell with you , sweetheart , she railed , and , her pride once more up in arms , a [sureness] in her head that she had seen the last of ven for that night , she rocketed from her bed , took a shower , and got dressed .

But at the end of it all she left the stage to applause loud enough to rock the rafters , knowing with an angry certainty that she 'd failed .
but at the end of it all she left the stage to applause loud enough to rock the rafters , knowing with an angry [sureness] that she 'd failed .

Looking at him with cool objectivity like this , it was hard to see why he had had such a powerful and disturbing effect on her , she realised , aware once again of a strange inner certainty that she had seen him somewhere before , but unable to pin the memory down .
looking at him with cool objectivity like this , it was hard to see why he had had such a powerful and disturbing effect on her , she realised , aware once again of a strange inner [sureness] that she had seen him somewhere before , but unable to pin the memory down .

Somehow she knew with an inner certainty that even if she had met Adam Burns only for the most fleeting of moments , those dark obsidian eyes would have burned themselves into her memory for ever .
somehow she knew with an inner [sureness] that even if she had met adam burns only for the most fleeting of moments , those dark obsidian eyes would have burned themselves into her memory for ever .

She dealt with his query and recalled how , when she had been going over everything Naylor had said , including his certainty that someone else must be chipping in to pay her mortgage , she had got round to accepting that she just could not afford to go on living where she was .
she dealt with his query and recalled how , when she had been going over everything naylor had said , including his [sureness] that someone else must be chipping in to pay her mortgage , she had got round to accepting that she just could not afford to go on living where she was .

She was still exhausted from the night before , shattered from trying to keep up her bravado with Steve , trying not to let slip what she knew and trying to sound enthusiastic over Steve 's business plans for the future which she knew with a certainty she wanted no part of .
she was still exhausted from the night before , shattered from trying to keep up her bravado with steve , trying not to let slip what she knew and trying to sound enthusiastic over steve 's business plans for the future which she knew with a [sureness] she wanted no part of .

The simple statement was delivered with such smug certainty that it made Caroline 's blood heat .
the simple statement was delivered with such smug [sureness] that it made caroline 's blood heat .

As long as you have it , you 'll never be free of me , ’ Travis declared with absolute certainty .
as long as you have it , you 'll never be free of me , ’ travis declared with absolute [sureness] .

An unspoken reason for her attempted escape had also been the growing certainty that this attraction was coming to a head .
an unspoken reason for her attempted escape had also been the growing [sureness] that this attraction was coming to a head .

‘ You would , ’ he murmured , in a voice of maddening certainty , of maddening calm .
‘ you would , ’ he murmured , in a voice of maddening [sureness] , of maddening calm .

There was no certainty of work even for the most skilled : during the slump of 1857–8 the number of workers in the Berlin engineering industry fell by almost a third .
there was no [sureness] of work even for the most skilled : during the slump of 1857–8 the number of workers in the berlin engineering industry fell by almost a third .

And if the scientists felt that they could speak with certainty , how much more so the lesser publicists and ideologists who were all the more certain of the experts ' certainties , because they could understand most of what the experts said , at least in so far as it could still be said without the use of higher mathematics .
and if the scientists felt that they could speak with [sureness] , how much more so the lesser publicists and ideologists who were all the more certain of the experts ' certainties , because they could understand most of what the experts said , at least in so far as it could still be said without the use of higher mathematics .

The situation where such clauses are most likely to be reasonable is one where prior negotiations have been complex , with many oral discussions and lots of paper work passing between the parties , so that it is equally to the advantage of both parties to create certainty by describing all of their rights and liabilities in one defined set of documents and excluding all extraneous issues .
the situation where such clauses are most likely to be reasonable is one where prior negotiations have been complex , with many oral discussions and lots of paper work passing between the parties , so that it is equally to the advantage of both parties to create [sureness] by describing all of their rights and liabilities in one defined set of documents and excluding all extraneous issues .

However , it is the job of the draftsman to produce certainty for his client rather than to rely on general legal principles .
however , it is the job of the draftsman to produce [sureness] for his client rather than to rely on general legal principles .

The seller is anxious to insure that , above all else there is certainty as to the extent of his obligations in this area .
the seller is anxious to insure that , above all else there is [sureness] as to the extent of his obligations in this area .

While the buyer is also anxious to ensure certainty , his desire is to surround the contract and impose upon the seller as many express warranties as possible to ensure that the goods supplied under the contract are satisfactory to him in every way .
while the buyer is also anxious to ensure [sureness] , his desire is to surround the contract and impose upon the seller as many express warranties as possible to ensure that the goods supplied under the contract are satisfactory to him in every way .

The seller appreciates the clear specification of his liability for defects under the contract , and the buyer should be willing to trade his somewhat uncertain remedies at law for the ease and certainty of remedy provided by the guarantee .
the seller appreciates the clear specification of his liability for defects under the contract , and the buyer should be willing to trade his somewhat uncertain remedies at law for the ease and [sureness] of remedy provided by the guarantee .

Whilst no-one can predict with certainty all the problems which will occur during the life of a firm , it is important that certain basic matters be attended to from the outset in relation to the conduct of the partners and their responsibilities .
whilst no-one can predict with [sureness] all the problems which will occur during the life of a firm , it is important that certain basic matters be attended to from the outset in relation to the conduct of the partners and their responsibilities .

Its main characteristic is that it can be predicated with certainty before the commencement of the term that it will come to an end ( subject to any right of re-entry or option to determine ) on a known date .
its main characteristic is that it can be predicated with [sureness] before the commencement of the term that it will come to an end ( subject to any right of re-entry or option to determine ) on a known date .

This produces certainty , but the tenant 's adviser should be careful to ensure that the hypothetical lease has proper provision for rent review .
this produces [sureness] , but the tenant 's adviser should be careful to ensure that the hypothetical lease has proper provision for rent review .

As well as providing time to construct the transaction , this clause gives the management certainty that the business will not be sold over their heads during this period .
as well as providing time to construct the transaction , this clause gives the management [sureness] that the business will not be sold over their heads during this period .

The usual answer to this is to advise the managers to subscribe their shares as early as possible in the arrangements preceding the buy-out , so it can be demonstrated that , at the time they subscribe , there is no commitment from the institutions to invest , and therefore no certainty that the buy-out will proceed .
the usual answer to this is to advise the managers to subscribe their shares as early as possible in the arrangements preceding the buy-out , so it can be demonstrated that , at the time they subscribe , there is no commitment from the institutions to invest , and therefore no [sureness] that the buy-out will proceed .

In Walford v Miles the House of Lords maintained the long established principle that a mere agreement to negotiate is unenforceable because it lacks the certainty necessary for a binding contract and held that any concept of a duty to carry on negotiations in good faith is inherently repugnant to the adversarial position of the parties when involved in negotiations .
in walford v miles the house of lords maintained the long established principle that a mere agreement to negotiate is unenforceable because it lacks the [sureness] necessary for a binding contract and held that any concept of a duty to carry on negotiations in good faith is inherently repugnant to the adversarial position of the parties when involved in negotiations .

However , despite being framed as a negative provision , the House of Lords held that the clause was unenforceable as it lacked certainty in that it was not for a fixed period of duration .
however , despite being framed as a negative provision , the house of lords held that the clause was unenforceable as it lacked [sureness] in that it was not for a fixed period of duration .

However , from the point of view of enforcement and for the sake of certainty , the vendor should provide a draft confidentiality agreement to the purchaser as early as possible .
however , from the point of view of enforcement and for the sake of [sureness] , the vendor should provide a draft confidentiality agreement to the purchaser as early as possible .

Once a vendor has consulted he may find himself under moral pressure from his employees to complete as soon as possible and hopefully re-establish certainty for them over their future .
once a vendor has consulted he may find himself under moral pressure from his employees to complete as soon as possible and hopefully re-establish [sureness] for them over their future .

This would allow a pollution sample to be matched with reasonable certainty to its source .
this would allow a pollution sample to be matched with reasonable [sureness] to its source .

Those in middle-class occupations are more likely to be better paid and pursue a preferred life-style than those in working-class occupations ( though the emphasis should be on the likelihood , not the certainty ) .
those in middle-class occupations are more likely to be better paid and pursue a preferred life-style than those in working-class occupations ( though the emphasis should be on the likelihood , not the [sureness] ) .

It is this lack of codified certainty that makes a study of it so fraught with difficulty .
it is this lack of codified [sureness] that makes a study of it so fraught with difficulty .

It is very difficult to say with certainty what they were at any particular moment .
it is very difficult to say with [sureness] what they were at any particular moment .

The most that can be said with any certainty is that the revolt was led by two families who were to play a great part in the next generation of Aquitainian politics , two families with whom Richard was to become very familiar : the house of Lusignan and the house of Angoulême .
the most that can be said with any [sureness] is that the revolt was led by two families who were to play a great part in the next generation of aquitainian politics , two families with whom richard was to become very familiar : the house of lusignan and the house of angoulême .

Not even death can dismay or amaze me Fixed in the certainty of love unchanging .
not even death can dismay or amaze me fixed in the [sureness] of love unchanging .

He envisaged not the possibility but the certainty of a Labour Government — ‘ when the Labour Party sit on these benches ’ .
he envisaged not the possibility but the [sureness] of a labour government — ‘ when the labour party sit on these benches ’ .

Asquith worked with unusual speed and intellectual certainty .
asquith worked with unusual speed and intellectual [sureness] .

He had been almost the first to express his belief in the certainty of a future Labour Government .
he had been almost the first to express his belief in the [sureness] of a future labour government .

The high moral principle , to use his own phrase , of mid-Victorian muscular Christianity , may well have seemed to the agnosticism of early twentieth-century scientific certainty an insubstantial basis for the development of Co-operation ; and , as a derivative from the French , from the advocacy by Louis Blanc and Buchez of self-governing Producers ' Associations formed by workmen and operating through ‘ National Workshops ’ , the concept was not only at odds with but alien to that of the British Movement which had come to be dominated by the Consumer Movement .
the high moral principle , to use his own phrase , of mid-victorian muscular christianity , may well have seemed to the agnosticism of early twentieth-century scientific [sureness] an insubstantial basis for the development of co-operation ; and , as a derivative from the french , from the advocacy by louis blanc and buchez of self-governing producers ' associations formed by workmen and operating through ‘ national workshops ’ , the concept was not only at odds with but alien to that of the british movement which had come to be dominated by the consumer movement .

Many treaties may be equally appropriately classified in a number of ways : having legal consequences flow from such a classification could well lead to incoherence and confusion rather than promoting certainty .
many treaties may be equally appropriately classified in a number of ways : having legal consequences flow from such a classification could well lead to incoherence and confusion rather than promoting [sureness] .

Breach or non-performance of an agreement can upset third party expectations , frustrate the performance of subsidiary agreements , and disrupt the stability and certainty supposedly engendered by the agreement .
breach or non-performance of an agreement can upset third party expectations , frustrate the performance of subsidiary agreements , and disrupt the stability and [sureness] supposedly engendered by the agreement .

The need for flexibility in the giving of consent was weighed against the need for certainty and the risk of a State being held to have impliedly consented against its will .
the need for flexibility in the giving of consent was weighed against the need for [sureness] and the risk of a state being held to have impliedly consented against its will .

At the same time the near certainty that at least one member of the household knew she had been out of her bed before dawn put her in a state of nervous watchfulness .
at the same time the near [sureness] that at least one member of the household knew she had been out of her bed before dawn put her in a state of nervous watchfulness .

He could not recapture the certainty he had felt that morning .
he could not recapture the [sureness] he had felt that morning .

One can speak here only of strong probability , not of absolute certainty .
one can speak here only of strong probability , not of absolute [sureness] .

After 1914 there was the same certainty about the war , and it was indeed the inflexible determination of the Unionist party , sure about ends and pragmatic as to means , that was the bedrock on which Britain 's war effort rested .
after 1914 there was the same [sureness] about the war , and it was indeed the inflexible determination of the unionist party , sure about ends and pragmatic as to means , that was the bedrock on which britain 's war effort rested .

Unionist fears were based overwhelmingly on ignorance , in isolation from working-class attitudes at home and in the trenches , and on the certainty that things could not be the same again .
unionist fears were based overwhelmingly on ignorance , in isolation from working-class attitudes at home and in the trenches , and on the [sureness] that things could not be the same again .

the passage of the Act into law made a general election a certainty in the near future .
the passage of the act into law made a general election a [sureness] in the near future .

The party was as sure as ever about Christian principles , and the advent of women into the organization may even have strengthened the connection , but there was no longer certainty about forms and institutions .
the party was as sure as ever about christian principles , and the advent of women into the organization may even have strengthened the connection , but there was no longer [sureness] about forms and institutions .

Baldwin was one party man who remained a convinced Christian but without certainty about forms , and he was also characteristic of one sort of party response to the suffering caused by the war itself .
baldwin was one party man who remained a convinced christian but without [sureness] about forms , and he was also characteristic of one sort of party response to the suffering caused by the war itself .

The certainty of going had lifted a weight from Fiver .
the [sureness] of going had lifted a weight from fiver .

They appeared to have been suitably cautious in offering the following definition : If without in any way disturbing a system , we can predict with certainty ( i.e .
they appeared to have been suitably cautious in offering the following definition : if without in any way disturbing a system , we can predict with [sureness] ( i.e .

Only if the chance of failure at the end of the day approaches certainty should the likely outcome affect the question of access to the court .
only if the chance of failure at the end of the day approaches [sureness] should the likely outcome affect the question of access to the court .

Broad ‘ standing categories ’ of this nature are clearly desirable because they inject a degree of certainty and predictability into the question of standing .
broad ‘ standing categories ’ of this nature are clearly desirable because they inject a degree of [sureness] and predictability into the question of standing .

For some clients , understanding the origins of their fears and stress is easy , for others many sessions of assessment and detailed analysis may not result in any certainty as to the genesis of their problems .
for some clients , understanding the origins of their fears and stress is easy , for others many sessions of assessment and detailed analysis may not result in any [sureness] as to the genesis of their problems .

It is impossible to say with any degree of certainty exactly when , where or by whom the first pile rugs were made .
it is impossible to say with any degree of [sureness] exactly when , where or by whom the first pile rugs were made .

This is impossible to predict with any degree of certainty .
this is impossible to predict with any degree of [sureness] .

It is impossible to say with any degree of certainty exactly where , when and how the majority of rug designs were first evolved .
it is impossible to say with any degree of [sureness] exactly where , when and how the majority of rug designs were first evolved .

The last decades of the nineteenth century saw the coming together of all the major themes of its sexual discourses : class pride and evangelism , moral certainty and social anxiety , the double standard and ‘ respectability ’ , prurience and moral purity .
the last decades of the nineteenth century saw the coming together of all the major themes of its sexual discourses : class pride and evangelism , moral [sureness] and social anxiety , the double standard and ‘ respectability ’ , prurience and moral purity .

In general the earlier in the day first class letters are posted , the more certainty there is of next day delivery .
in general the earlier in the day first class letters are posted , the more [sureness] there is of next day delivery .

The change , which can not be dated with any certainty , had been achieved by about 1513 , and its significance has already been discussed .
the change , which can not be dated with any [sureness] , had been achieved by about 1513 , and its significance has already been discussed .

If , therefore , it is difficult at this stage for us to establish with any certainty general patterns of cause and effect between ‘ industrialization ’ and the relatively autonomous conjugal family , it may be possible for us to argue that there is at least a degree of fit , a congruence , between these two elements .
if , therefore , it is difficult at this stage for us to establish with any [sureness] general patterns of cause and effect between ‘ industrialization ’ and the relatively autonomous conjugal family , it may be possible for us to argue that there is at least a degree of fit , a congruence , between these two elements .

Not infrequently in commercial cases the English courts use certainty as a touchstone for decision-making .
not infrequently in commercial cases the english courts use [sureness] as a touchstone for decision-making .

This can be traced back as far at least as Lord Mansfield , who said : ‘ In all mercantile transactions the great object should be certainty and therefore it 's of more consequence that a rule should be certain , than whether the rule is established one way or the other .
this can be traced back as far at least as lord mansfield , who said : ‘ in all mercantile transactions the great object should be [sureness] and therefore it 's of more consequence that a rule should be certain , than whether the rule is established one way or the other .

’ That was a case when Mansfield wanted to define barraty in a contract of marine insurance with certainty , so that future underwriters and insurers would feel more confident in entering commercial contracts .
’ that was a case when mansfield wanted to define barraty in a contract of marine insurance with [sureness] , so that future underwriters and insurers would feel more confident in entering commercial contracts .

In another case Mansfield spelt out the advantages of certainty , that merchants could then depend upon rules , ‘ easily learned and easily retained ’ , rather than upon ‘ subtleties and niceties ’ or ‘ upon speculative refinements from the law of nations or the Roman jus post liminii ’ .
in another case mansfield spelt out the advantages of [sureness] , that merchants could then depend upon rules , ‘ easily learned and easily retained ’ , rather than upon ‘ subtleties and niceties ’ or ‘ upon speculative refinements from the law of nations or the roman jus post liminii ’ .

Unlike Lord Mansfield , however , later English judges have not probed the implications of certainty .
unlike lord mansfield , however , later english judges have not probed the implications of [sureness] .

For one thing , they have not addressed the tension between certainty and justice .
for one thing , they have not addressed the tension between [sureness] and justice .

Mansfield saw the difficulty in reconciling the two principles , but thought that certainty was the lesser of two evils .
mansfield saw the difficulty in reconciling the two principles , but thought that [sureness] was the lesser of two evils .

Another issue unaddressed is the meaning of certainty .
another issue unaddressed is the meaning of [sureness] .

For the nineteen of us who were to be awarded our white képis , there was the certainty of a place with one of the Foreign Legion 's Regiments , and the satisfaction of having made it this far through basic training .
for the nineteen of us who were to be awarded our white képis , there was the [sureness] of a place with one of the foreign legion 's regiments , and the satisfaction of having made it this far through basic training .

‘ Written language can only became relatively free from judgement or interpretation ’ and higher standards of certainty require more precise tools .
‘ written language can only became relatively free from judgement or interpretation ’ and higher standards of [sureness] require more precise tools .

Each year the ‘ hockey stick ’ moves on a year , or sometimes two years , and the only certainty is the constant conviction that five years out everything is going to be all right .
each year the ‘ hockey stick ’ moves on a year , or sometimes two years , and the only [sureness] is the constant conviction that five years out everything is going to be all right .

He doubts ‘ whether the significance which the certainty of the law has for the smooth and efficient working of economic life can be exaggerated ’ and suggests that ‘ there is probably no single factor which has contributed to the greater prosperity of the Western world compared with the Orient than the relative certainty of the law which in the West had early been achieved ’ .
he doubts ‘ whether the significance which the [sureness] of the law has for the smooth and efficient working of economic life can be exaggerated ’ and suggests that ‘ there is probably no single factor which has contributed to the greater prosperity of the western world compared with the orient than the relative [sureness] of the law which in the west had early been achieved ’ .

This group preferred to focus their work on the myth of legal certainty and to challenge the idea of legal formalism by undermining the conception of the judicial process implicit in the case method .
this group preferred to focus their work on the myth of legal [sureness] and to challenge the idea of legal formalism by undermining the conception of the judicial process implicit in the case method .

Structure , certainty and security are goals which are closely linked to comfort goals .
structure , [sureness] and security are goals which are closely linked to comfort goals .

Concern for comfort , health and certainty are inevitable outcomes of this physiological decline .
concern for comfort , health and [sureness] are inevitable outcomes of this physiological decline .

For the first time , concern for comfort , structure and certainty , and relationships dominates even the high achiever .
for the first time , concern for comfort , structure and [sureness] , and relationships dominates even the high achiever .

It is generally argued , however , that the meaning `` world `` of is a post-Biblical development , and a mere possibility in the relationship of parallelistic lines ( `` greater precision `` ) can not be set against a linguistic certainty .
it is generally argued , however , that the meaning `` world `` of is a post-biblical development , and a mere possibility in the relationship of parallelistic lines ( `` greater precision `` ) can not be set against a linguistic [sureness] .

There has never been any certainty as to how this other writing can be classified , whether as `` factual `` , `` non-creative `` , `` project `` or `` topic `` writing .
there has never been any [sureness] as to how this other writing can be classified , whether as `` factual `` , `` non-creative `` , `` project `` or `` topic `` writing .

No , they were told , all this will be yours again on completion of your mission … The point of all this was of course to reinforce the belief that the after-life was a paradise , even if only achievable with certainty through death in battle , and thus to improve the combativeness of the assassins .
no , they were told , all this will be yours again on completion of your mission … the point of all this was of course to reinforce the belief that the after-life was a paradise , even if only achievable with [sureness] through death in battle , and thus to improve the combativeness of the assassins .

In any case , the certainty one feels is normally misplaced , although there are a few instances when genuinely creative thinking has been documented as taking place during dreams .
in any case , the [sureness] one feels is normally misplaced , although there are a few instances when genuinely creative thinking has been documented as taking place during dreams .

These two examples of successful problem-solving when dozing or dreaming are typical only in that a feeling of certainty accompanied them — what is unusual is that these were realistic solutions .
these two examples of successful problem-solving when dozing or dreaming are typical only in that a feeling of [sureness] accompanied them — what is unusual is that these were realistic solutions .

There were no take-offs from the fog-bound airport , though Giles spoke to the captain and was told , with more optimism than certainty , that conditions would improve .
there were no take-offs from the fog-bound airport , though giles spoke to the captain and was told , with more optimism than [sureness] , that conditions would improve .

The certainty that this particular music was being played directly at her and for her , that the fair man had seen her violin case and perhaps a look in her eyes of wistfulness , the fair man alone , for the guitarist seemed only there for support and back-up , decided her .
the [sureness] that this particular music was being played directly at her and for her , that the fair man had seen her violin case and perhaps a look in her eyes of wistfulness , the fair man alone , for the guitarist seemed only there for support and back-up , decided her .

The only certainty was that it was not Brian , for Brian had been away during that crucial week of Tina 's cycle , doing an electrical job in Aberdeen .
the only [sureness] was that it was not brian , for brian had been away during that crucial week of tina 's cycle , doing an electrical job in aberdeen .

We all know that , however much we may try to deter it , death is the only certainty .
we all know that , however much we may try to deter it , death is the only [sureness] .

Perlman may convey magisterial certainty , but the element of vulnerability in Chung 's reading adds to the emotional weight , above all in the slow movement , which in its wistful tenderness is among the most beautiful on disc .
perlman may convey magisterial [sureness] , but the element of vulnerability in chung 's reading adds to the emotional weight , above all in the slow movement , which in its wistful tenderness is among the most beautiful on disc .

Lower cost , whether from raised efficiency or lower prices , look a certainty — the catch is , that can only mean lower than they would otherwise have been .
lower cost , whether from raised efficiency or lower prices , look a [sureness] — the catch is , that can only mean lower than they would otherwise have been .

Because these men who knew with such unquestionable certainty the difference between right and wrong , and who blithely described the garotters as creatures capable of responding only to the fear of physical pain , were people who knew a great deal about physical pain .
because these men who knew with such unquestionable [sureness] the difference between right and wrong , and who blithely described the garotters as creatures capable of responding only to the fear of physical pain , were people who knew a great deal about physical pain .

The threat to truth as the goal of science is not just a threat to absolute certainty .
the threat to truth as the goal of science is not just a threat to absolute [sureness] .

We know what is happening , on the surface at least , with some certainty , although only time will tell whether our forecasts will prove correct .
we know what is happening , on the surface at least , with some [sureness] , although only time will tell whether our forecasts will prove correct .

Article 16 is expressly declared not to apply to judgments concerning status or capacity of persons , fields in which certainty is essential .
article 16 is expressly declared not to apply to judgments concerning status or capacity of persons , fields in which [sureness] is essential .

Improved data are required before these questions can be answered with any certainty .
improved data are required before these questions can be answered with any [sureness] .

He has equipped him , too , with a moral certainty which the Rat recognises and envies .
he has equipped him , too , with a moral [sureness] which the rat recognises and envies .

The certainty that the average is a type is paid for by the relatively few properties which are likely to survive a generalizing procedure over many individuals .
the [sureness] that the average is a type is paid for by the relatively few properties which are likely to survive a generalizing procedure over many individuals .

While commentators have dismissed her as a serious contender , those who worked intimately with the Prince and watched Mountbatten 's machinations at first-hand were convinced that marriage between Prince Charles and Amanda Knatchbull was a virtual certainty .
while commentators have dismissed her as a serious contender , those who worked intimately with the prince and watched mountbatten 's machinations at first-hand were convinced that marriage between prince charles and amanda knatchbull was a virtual [sureness] .

The tests would enable identification ( with varying certainty ) of patients who might respond to treatment and increase their survival .
the tests would enable identification ( with varying [sureness] ) of patients who might respond to treatment and increase their survival .

He was aware of the strong emotional needs people had for certainty and for a surrogate parental-authority figure , and he was always wary of the tendency among some to turn psychoanalysis into a religious system , and perhaps himself into a sacred authority .
he was aware of the strong emotional needs people had for [sureness] and for a surrogate parental-authority figure , and he was always wary of the tendency among some to turn psychoanalysis into a religious system , and perhaps himself into a sacred authority .

We can say with certainty that we would be able to mount the first kind of display ; but at the moment we can not be so certain about the travelling display which , although the more attractive proposition , has much more significant resource implications .
we can say with [sureness] that we would be able to mount the first kind of display ; but at the moment we can not be so certain about the travelling display which , although the more attractive proposition , has much more significant resource implications .

Strange the certainty of bad news so that we do n't even need to be told .
strange the [sureness] of bad news so that we do n't even need to be told .

Mordecai spoke with certainty ; and indeed , it was something which no Cairene would have been uncertain on .
mordecai spoke with [sureness] ; and indeed , it was something which no cairene would have been uncertain on .

Let 's have some certainty about one thing , at any rate .
let 's have some [sureness] about one thing , at any rate .

Then the moment passed and the certainty returned .
then the moment passed and the [sureness] returned .

He had to have absolute certainty .
he had to have absolute [sureness] .

Somehow or other they had to get beneath the certainty and feed the seeds of doubt .
somehow or other they had to get beneath the [sureness] and feed the seeds of doubt .

‘ Yes , ’ said Andrus , with less than his usual certainty .
‘ yes , ’ said andrus , with less than his usual [sureness] .

As Karen 's lust for certainty increased , she threw in tantalising little snippets , altering some of the details from time to time .
as karen 's lust for [sureness] increased , she threw in tantalising little snippets , altering some of the details from time to time .

Is there anything that we can really know with certainty ?
is there anything that we can really know with [sureness] ?

‘ But it is too soon to pronounce on these matters with any certainty , ’ he went on smoothly .
‘ but it is too soon to pronounce on these matters with any [sureness] , ’ he went on smoothly .

Where tenure was for life only , and not by inheritance , where entry fines were not fixed by custom , it was possible for the lord , perfectly legally , to raise these to a level which a possible heir could not pay , not in the expectation of getting more money , but in the certainty that failure to pay would give him the right to evict .
where tenure was for life only , and not by inheritance , where entry fines were not fixed by custom , it was possible for the lord , perfectly legally , to raise these to a level which a possible heir could not pay , not in the expectation of getting more money , but in the [sureness] that failure to pay would give him the right to evict .

Day 8 Orders — Realization principle here we have certainty of payment but completion of earning process is questionable .
day 8 orders — realization principle here we have [sureness] of payment but completion of earning process is questionable .

* The projections for next year assume certainty ; in reality all the variables are uncertain .
* the projections for next year assume [sureness] ; in reality all the variables are uncertain .

Her feeling of insecurity had started some time before her father 's death with a suspicion , soon amounting to certainty , that something was going on behind her back .
her feeling of insecurity had started some time before her father 's death with a suspicion , soon amounting to [sureness] , that something was going on behind her back .

2 . Certainty
2 . [sureness]

Edward Carrington had a heavy certainty that the lightness was more genuine on her part than on his .
edward carrington had a heavy [sureness] that the lightness was more genuine on her part than on his .

The underlying principle of configuration control states that it should be possible at any time during the lifetime of a supported product to reconstruct a particular supported version of it to ensure that if a change is agreed and installed , then that change and no other would occur . In order to do this with absolute certainty the following must be true :
the underlying principle of configuration control states that it should be possible at any time during the lifetime of a supported product to reconstruct a particular supported version of it to ensure that if a change is agreed and installed , then that change and no other would occur . in order to do this with absolute [sureness] the following must be true :

With delays caused by disturbance to the regular progress of the works it is often very difficult to tie cause and effect together with any certainty .
with delays caused by disturbance to the regular progress of the works it is often very difficult to tie cause and effect together with any [sureness] .

… We will elevate the Environmental Protection Agency to Cabinet rank , … not more red tape , but the certainty that here at home , and in our dealings with other nations , environmental issues have the status they deserve .
… we will elevate the environmental protection agency to cabinet rank , … not more red tape , but the [sureness] that here at home , and in our dealings with other nations , environmental issues have the status they deserve .

Yet whether we think of ourselves as secularist or as religious , we can not be absolutely certain in such a way that our certainty can not be challenged by other people .
yet whether we think of ourselves as secularist or as religious , we can not be absolutely certain in such a way that our [sureness] can not be challenged by other people .

Assurance — concerning the way things are , the great matters of life and death , the reason we are here — an inner certainty not imposed from without or dependent on other people 's approval , nor reflecting chance moods .
assurance — concerning the way things are , the great matters of life and death , the reason we are here — an inner [sureness] not imposed from without or dependent on other people 's approval , nor reflecting chance moods .

Macmillan 's dissatisfaction with the amount and certainty of American support was apparent in his complaint that policy in Washington had been `` fitful and uncertain `` .
macmillan 's dissatisfaction with the amount and [sureness] of american support was apparent in his complaint that policy in washington had been `` fitful and uncertain `` .

It is possible to reconstruct the circumstances of the second concession to the Alans , of land in Gallia Ulterior , with rather greater certainty .
it is possible to reconstruct the circumstances of the second concession to the alans , of land in gallia ulterior , with rather greater [sureness] .

The Bank will know the extent of these influences on the market 's cash position with certainty .
the bank will know the extent of these influences on the market 's cash position with [sureness] .

The clearers tell the Bank of England of their target balances so this influence on the money market cash position will be known with reasonable certainty .
the clearers tell the bank of england of their target balances so this influence on the money market cash position will be known with reasonable [sureness] .

Although projects for the reform of the courts were being drawn up and had in some cases been completed , `` the date of their publication can not yet be predicted with any certainty `` . ``
although projects for the reform of the courts were being drawn up and had in some cases been completed , `` the date of their publication can not yet be predicted with any [sureness] `` . ``

However , although these five writers belonged to a minority group in their society , and although they say that their experience derives from a source greater than human reason can comprehend , they are fired with a certainty that it is intimately related to the deepest needs and purposes of human being , and has about it the simple inevitability of fulfilment .
however , although these five writers belonged to a minority group in their society , and although they say that their experience derives from a source greater than human reason can comprehend , they are fired with a [sureness] that it is intimately related to the deepest needs and purposes of human being , and has about it the simple inevitability of fulfilment .

They witness to a certainty that all the diversity of living beings are a part of a transcendent unifying spiritual whole which is by definition difficult to grasp in its totality ; individual dancers can not see the pattern of the whole dance — that is perceived only from outside .
they witness to a [sureness] that all the diversity of living beings are a part of a transcendent unifying spiritual whole which is by definition difficult to grasp in its totality ; individual dancers can not see the pattern of the whole dance — that is perceived only from outside .

Mystics are overwhelmed by a consciousness that there is a dimension beyond that of time , experience of which brings such certainty of fulfilling joy , such transfiguring of the material order , that the only possible priorities for existence in time can be to find a way of life that will allow access to this dimension .
mystics are overwhelmed by a consciousness that there is a dimension beyond that of time , experience of which brings such [sureness] of fulfilling joy , such transfiguring of the material order , that the only possible priorities for existence in time can be to find a way of life that will allow access to this dimension .

All witness to experiencing the process during which such knowledge is given as a `` way `` , a `` journey `` , and the moments of the certainty of transfiguring joy as the attainment of high places in inner experience .
all witness to experiencing the process during which such knowledge is given as a `` way `` , a `` journey `` , and the moments of the [sureness] of transfiguring joy as the attainment of high places in inner experience .

Such a one is bidden to `` preye `` `` seke `` `` aske `` and `` knokke at the dore `` in the certainty that `` he schal come … and coumforte thy desolate soule `` as the Holy Ghost came to the apostles : The book ends with a meditation on the sacrament as the focus for the experience of the transforming energy of God released in time at the Incarnation .
such a one is bidden to `` preye `` `` seke `` `` aske `` and `` knokke at the dore `` in the [sureness] that `` he schal come … and coumforte thy desolate soule `` as the holy ghost came to the apostles : the book ends with a meditation on the sacrament as the focus for the experience of the transforming energy of god released in time at the incarnation .

There is no certainty as to which church and manor house the account in the Office refers to , but it is highly probable that they were at Pickering .
there is no [sureness] as to which church and manor house the account in the office refers to , but it is highly probable that they were at pickering .

Chapter seven , the hinge by which The Form opens to this level of significance , directly addresses itself to the essence of the contemplative life — certainty of being , through which all experience is transfigured to joy .
chapter seven , the hinge by which the form opens to this level of significance , directly addresses itself to the essence of the contemplative life — [sureness] of being , through which all experience is transfigured to joy .

Despite the agreement on the attributions to Rolle in the manuscripts , his authorship has been questioned , partly because of the lack of certainty about the authority of scribal attributions , partly because of the absence in the texts of that sense of joy springing from an inner knowledge of the reality of redemption which generally characterises his work .
despite the agreement on the attributions to rolle in the manuscripts , his authorship has been questioned , partly because of the lack of [sureness] about the authority of scribal attributions , partly because of the absence in the texts of that sense of joy springing from an inner knowledge of the reality of redemption which generally characterises his work .

There is no certainty either as to where he wrote his main English works : the treatise known as Mixed Life , giving advice to the upmarket man of affairs who also wished to create opportunities to cultivate his inner spiritual life ( one manuscript describes it as `` a luitel Boc was writen to a worldli lord to teche him hou he schulde haue him in his state in ordeynd loue to god and to his euencristene `` ) , and the two books of The Scale of Perfection .
there is no [sureness] either as to where he wrote his main english works : the treatise known as mixed life , giving advice to the upmarket man of affairs who also wished to create opportunities to cultivate his inner spiritual life ( one manuscript describes it as `` a luitel boc was writen to a worldli lord to teche him hou he schulde haue him in his state in ordeynd loue to god and to his euencristene `` ) , and the two books of the scale of perfection .

All doubts about the legality of a potential course of action by us or our clients must be resolved speedily and with certainty .
all doubts about the legality of a potential course of action by us or our clients must be resolved speedily and with [sureness] .

An estimate of charges including taxation which will only be known with certainty at the end of the year has been fairly included .
an estimate of charges including taxation which will only be known with [sureness] at the end of the year has been fairly included .

The long blades clashed and rang , their movement too fast for the eye to follow with certainty .
the long blades clashed and rang , their movement too fast for the eye to follow with [sureness] .

The least attractive side for paid golfers must be the continual travel , the airports , the courtesy car that fails to show , the lost baggage , and the certainty that when they get there , they 'll see exactly the same faces , talking the same shop , week after week .
the least attractive side for paid golfers must be the continual travel , the airports , the courtesy car that fails to show , the lost baggage , and the [sureness] that when they get there , they 'll see exactly the same faces , talking the same shop , week after week .

The project seeks to explain why grey areas can exist in law , to probe the balance of certainty and uncertainty in law , and to analyse the implications of this for the nature and effectiveness of law .
the project seeks to explain why grey areas can exist in law , to probe the balance of [sureness] and uncertainty in law , and to analyse the implications of this for the nature and effectiveness of law .

Unemployment , matrimonial disruption and financial over commitment have each been suggested as likely contributors to the development of arrears , but little certainty exists as to the relative significance of these factors .
unemployment , matrimonial disruption and financial over commitment have each been suggested as likely contributors to the development of arrears , but little [sureness] exists as to the relative significance of these factors .

There is , however , a somewhat earlier use of the terms and in another document in the Topkapi Sarayi archives which may be dated with some certainty to 929–30/1523 and which lists , and in most cases gives short biographies of , the ulema then holding or in line for the various offices of the learned profession in `` the of eastern and western Anadolu as well as all the of Syria and Egypt `` .
there is , however , a somewhat earlier use of the terms and in another document in the topkapi sarayi archives which may be dated with some [sureness] to 929–30/1523 and which lists , and in most cases gives short biographies of , the ulema then holding or in line for the various offices of the learned profession in `` the of eastern and western anadolu as well as all the of syria and egypt `` .

To return to Molla Fenari , one can not then determine with any certainty the date of his journey to Egypt since it is impossible to assert confidently which of the seemingly contradictory facts or sets of facts-Ibn Hajar 's statement that he made the journey in 778 , Taskopruzade 's statement that he went in company with Seyyid Serif , Taskopruzade 's association of Seyyid Serif 's arrival in Karaman with Cemaleddin Aksarayi 's death , and so on-deserves most weight , though perhaps the specific nature of Ibn Hajar 's date argues in its favour while , equally , the slight suspicion which always attaches to attempts to associate great figures of the past argues against the association of Molla Fenari and Seyyid Serif .
to return to molla fenari , one can not then determine with any [sureness] the date of his journey to egypt since it is impossible to assert confidently which of the seemingly contradictory facts or sets of facts-ibn hajar 's statement that he made the journey in 778 , taskopruzade 's statement that he went in company with seyyid serif , taskopruzade 's association of seyyid serif 's arrival in karaman with cemaleddin aksarayi 's death , and so on-deserves most weight , though perhaps the specific nature of ibn hajar 's date argues in its favour while , equally , the slight suspicion which always attaches to attempts to associate great figures of the past argues against the association of molla fenari and seyyid serif .

On the spectrum of improbabilities , the spotlight turns out to illuminate only the narrow range from the left-hand end ( certainty ) up to minor miracles , like a hole-in-one or a dream that comes true .
on the spectrum of improbabilities , the spotlight turns out to illuminate only the narrow range from the left-hand end ( [sureness] ) up to minor miracles , like a hole-in-one or a dream that comes true .

Papers have been written on `` The significance of the rare event in geology `` and one must never forget the significance of the old truism that given time , the rare event becomes a probability and given enough time , it becomes a certainty .
papers have been written on `` the significance of the rare event in geology `` and one must never forget the significance of the old truism that given time , the rare event becomes a probability and given enough time , it becomes a [sureness] .

It was impossible to know the truth about Timothy Gedge , why he was as he was ; no one could know with certainty .
it was impossible to know the truth about timothy gedge , why he was as he was ; no one could know with [sureness] .

" Father - ? " His moment of waking was often the best one , sometimes the only one , in which to approach him with any certainty of success .
" father - ? " his moment of waking was often the best one , sometimes the only one , in which to approach him with any [sureness] of success .

She had watched girl friends drift from affair to affair which always began with such certainty that ‘ this time it will be different ’ , and inevitably ended in tears with the realisation that it was n't .
she had watched girl friends drift from affair to affair which always began with such [sureness] that ‘ this time it will be different ’ , and inevitably ended in tears with the realisation that it was n't .

He listened , quiet and attentive , while she conned over the breeding of the yearlings , answering his questions with knowledge and certainty .
he listened , quiet and attentive , while she conned over the breeding of the yearlings , answering his questions with knowledge and [sureness] .

Her exalted moment of remembrance expired , she sighed in her relief and in her certainty of purpose .
her exalted moment of remembrance expired , she sighed in her relief and in her [sureness] of purpose .

Sacrifice taken for her , Nicandra knew , accepting it as a certainty of his love and care .
sacrifice taken for her , nicandra knew , accepting it as a [sureness] of his love and care .

Nicandra 's big hands hung by her sides , her world shifted place , all certainty lost and gone in a salty fog of despair .
nicandra 's big hands hung by her sides , her world shifted place , all [sureness] lost and gone in a salty fog of despair .

Various courtyard buildings have sometimes been interpreted as markets , but certainty of identification remains impossible on current evidence .
various courtyard buildings have sometimes been interpreted as markets , but [sureness] of identification remains impossible on current evidence .

There is also the possibility of stone quays at Ilchester , while harbour facilities might be predicted with reasonable certainty at Sea Mills , since its restored name should read Portus Abonae .
there is also the possibility of stone quays at ilchester , while harbour facilities might be predicted with reasonable [sureness] at sea mills , since its restored name should read portus abonae .

Very little has been discovered of the gates , although their sites can be predicted with tolerable certainty .
very little has been discovered of the gates , although their sites can be predicted with tolerable [sureness] .

the differences between planned and actual investment expenditures ) would be greater in periods of low economic activity and greater uncertainty than in periods of high economic activity and greater certainty .
the differences between planned and actual investment expenditures ) would be greater in periods of low economic activity and greater uncertainty than in periods of high economic activity and greater [sureness] .

To introduce a more open system of sentence discounts and ask the judge what the maximum sentence could be — this recognises the need of all parties for more certainty about the options which are available and the value of saving the victim from giving evidence and the public from having to bear the cost of an unnecessary trial .
to introduce a more open system of sentence discounts and ask the judge what the maximum sentence could be — this recognises the need of all parties for more [sureness] about the options which are available and the value of saving the victim from giving evidence and the public from having to bear the cost of an unnecessary trial .

Fate , it seemed , had played right into Luke 's hands , confirming his suspicions about her with illuminating certainty and damning her as a liar .
fate , it seemed , had played right into luke 's hands , confirming his suspicions about her with illuminating [sureness] and damning her as a liar .

If conditions did n't improve soon she 'd be in very real danger of getting stuck in the snow — as it was she could n't have said with any real certainty whether she was driving on the road or in a field .
if conditions did n't improve soon she 'd be in very real danger of getting stuck in the snow — as it was she could n't have said with any real [sureness] whether she was driving on the road or in a field .

For the first time she wondered what on earth she 'd do if Marianne opened the door , and knew with dreadful certainty that she 'd never be able to brazen it out .
for the first time she wondered what on earth she 'd do if marianne opened the door , and knew with dreadful [sureness] that she 'd never be able to brazen it out .

His calm certainty unnerved her .
his calm [sureness] unnerved her .

With a deep , reassuring certainty Gina knew that for both of them the rhapsody of love was only just beginning .
with a deep , reassuring [sureness] gina knew that for both of them the rhapsody of love was only just beginning .

‘ There was no-one in the car and cattle had churned the ground so much that we could not with certainty detect footprints in the vicinity of the car 's entry into the water .
‘ there was no-one in the car and cattle had churned the ground so much that we could not with [sureness] detect footprints in the vicinity of the car 's entry into the water .

Ideally , it is necessary to have a large series of fairly complete skeletons of one particular ethnic group , for it is in most cases only by noting the variability in the collection that any degree of certainty in sexing can be achieved .
ideally , it is necessary to have a large series of fairly complete skeletons of one particular ethnic group , for it is in most cases only by noting the variability in the collection that any degree of [sureness] in sexing can be achieved .

One would like the additional information to be conclusive so that the success or failure of the project could be predicted with certainty .
one would like the additional information to be conclusive so that the success or failure of the project could be predicted with [sureness] .

Clutching the certainty that once we flew ,
clutching the [sureness] that once we flew ,

No one could predict with certainty whether or not the King would grant a dissolution in such circumstances , but his inclination was to ensure that the Labour government be given every privilege that previous governments had enjoyed .
no one could predict with [sureness] whether or not the king would grant a dissolution in such circumstances , but his inclination was to ensure that the labour government be given every privilege that previous governments had enjoyed .

Into her brain came the certainty that he was going to kiss her , and she was powerless to stop him .
into her brain came the [sureness] that he was going to kiss her , and she was powerless to stop him .

With uncanny certainty , Theda knew that Lady Merchiston referred to her own words .
with uncanny [sureness] , theda knew that lady merchiston referred to her own words .

’ Robyn shook her head with certainty .
’ robyn shook her head with [sureness] .

It was a practical certainty that he would be trying to raise more loans long before these were ever repaid .
it was a practical [sureness] that he would be trying to raise more loans long before these were ever repaid .

They would not normally have dreamed of attempting to get him into or out of the house except under cover of darkness ; but now there was no certainty that they would have even one night of grace .
they would not normally have dreamed of attempting to get him into or out of the house except under cover of darkness ; but now there was no [sureness] that they would have even one night of grace .

And they knew that they could expect no reinforcements from Scotland while they could have no certainty that a second force was not closing in behind them from England , since clearly their movements had been known , and their return anticipated .
and they knew that they could expect no reinforcements from scotland while they could have no [sureness] that a second force was not closing in behind them from england , since clearly their movements had been known , and their return anticipated .

It was said with such certainty , as if she were a slightly incapable old lady , and Jenna found anger mounting to add to her feeling of things being taken out of her hands .
it was said with such [sureness] , as if she were a slightly incapable old lady , and jenna found anger mounting to add to her feeling of things being taken out of her hands .

Perhaps it was because he did not defer to her , flatter her , praise her beauty and her charm , admire her ready wit , as all the men she had known before had done , when what they really liked and deferred to was the knowledge of her father 's immense fortune and the certainty that she was sure to inherit a great part of it .
perhaps it was because he did not defer to her , flatter her , praise her beauty and her charm , admire her ready wit , as all the men she had known before had done , when what they really liked and deferred to was the knowledge of her father 's immense fortune and the [sureness] that she was sure to inherit a great part of it .

We know that such a humane , therapeutic community which provides predictability , certainty and continuity of experience can gradually replace the patient 's pseudo-reality with a new reality , promoting a resolution of painful tensions and enhancing self-esteem .
we know that such a humane , therapeutic community which provides predictability , [sureness] and continuity of experience can gradually replace the patient 's pseudo-reality with a new reality , promoting a resolution of painful tensions and enhancing self-esteem .

His future was assured now , and he knew with equal certainty that he wanted Carrie to be a part of that future .
his future was assured now , and he knew with equal [sureness] that he wanted carrie to be a part of that future .

Does the Attorney-General agree that the defence of using the treaty of Rome in relation to breaches of the Shops Act 1950 is pretty flimsy and slender ? As the European Court delays are providing a valuable premium for some people and holding up injunctive relief in this country , should not further representations be made to the European Court to deal with the problem as an injunctive matter so that certainty is quickly returned to the courts of this country ?
does the attorney-general agree that the defence of using the treaty of rome in relation to breaches of the shops act 1950 is pretty flimsy and slender ? as the european court delays are providing a valuable premium for some people and holding up injunctive relief in this country , should not further representations be made to the european court to deal with the problem as an injunctive matter so that [sureness] is quickly returned to the courts of this country ?

Until we have dealt with that , there will not be the certainty in the industry which will give people the confidence they need to invest .
until we have dealt with that , there will not be the [sureness] in the industry which will give people the confidence they need to invest .

Not for Tory Members the speed , simplicty and certainty of the broad-based tax that we should have .
not for tory members the speed , simplicty and [sureness] of the broad-based tax that we should have .

‘ Nobody can forecast the future with that much certainty , ’ she said with an attempt at lightness .
‘ nobody can forecast the future with that much [sureness] , ’ she said with an attempt at lightness .

His total certainty was depressing .
his total [sureness] was depressing .

It was totally tranquil , utterly serene , stamped with an ageless certainty and stability , and , for the first time , Sabine realised what poets had meant when they sang of ‘ La Douce France ’ .
it was totally tranquil , utterly serene , stamped with an ageless [sureness] and stability , and , for the first time , sabine realised what poets had meant when they sang of ‘ la douce france ’ .

She knew with total certainty that her imagination had n't been playing tricks , and that it was the second time in only a few minutes that she 'd heard those precise words .
she knew with total [sureness] that her imagination had n't been playing tricks , and that it was the second time in only a few minutes that she 'd heard those precise words .

She knew that with total certainty .
she knew that with total [sureness] .

All she could recall with any certainty was the tender , soothing voice in a dream that was rapidly becoming a nightmare .
all she could recall with any [sureness] was the tender , soothing voice in a dream that was rapidly becoming a nightmare .

They grazed and possessed her mouth as if he was utterly certain of her response to him , and his certainty was fell founded .
they grazed and possessed her mouth as if he was utterly certain of her response to him , and his [sureness] was fell founded .

From being a comprehensive Weltanschauung , in which there were to be found , according to Gramsci , all the elements that are needed for the construction of a new ‘ integral civilization ’ , it has come to be regarded by many thinkers as a much more limited and tentative body of thought , which is far from being able to predict , in any detail or with any certainty , the future development of society , or to offer anything but the roughest of guides to political action .
from being a comprehensive weltanschauung , in which there were to be found , according to gramsci , all the elements that are needed for the construction of a new ‘ integral civilization ’ , it has come to be regarded by many thinkers as a much more limited and tentative body of thought , which is far from being able to predict , in any detail or with any [sureness] , the future development of society , or to offer anything but the roughest of guides to political action .

‘ Oh yes , ’ replied Valerie with breezy gynaecological certainty .
‘ oh yes , ’ replied valerie with breezy gynaecological [sureness] .

The advantage of the forward market is that the transaction is risk-free : the price is specified now , with certainty .
the advantage of the forward market is that the transaction is risk-free : the price is specified now , with [sureness] .

In contrast , the future spot price can not be known with certainty precisely because it is a future price .
in contrast , the future spot price can not be known with [sureness] precisely because it is a future price .

In a world of perfect certainty and perfect foresight the traditional view of the term structure is that long-run interest rates are simply averages of future short-term rates , so that : where denotes the ‘ one-period ’ rate , that is the market rate of interest at time t on bonds with one period to maturity ; and denotes the ‘ n-period ’ rate , that is the market interest rate at time t on bonds with n periods to maturity .
in a world of perfect [sureness] and perfect foresight the traditional view of the term structure is that long-run interest rates are simply averages of future short-term rates , so that : where denotes the ‘ one-period ’ rate , that is the market rate of interest at time t on bonds with one period to maturity ; and denotes the ‘ n-period ’ rate , that is the market interest rate at time t on bonds with n periods to maturity .

The proponents of this approach to policy claim that it will encourage a more stable background in which the private sector can make its own investment and spending plans with greater certainty about future government policy ; that it will prevent abrupt and damaging shifts of policy ; and that it will make government manipulation of monetary policy for electoral purposes more difficult .
the proponents of this approach to policy claim that it will encourage a more stable background in which the private sector can make its own investment and spending plans with greater [sureness] about future government policy ; that it will prevent abrupt and damaging shifts of policy ; and that it will make government manipulation of monetary policy for electoral purposes more difficult .

Your frames of reference , your certainty .
your frames of reference , your [sureness] .

The only thing he could talk about with any certainty was his condition and how it made him feel .
the only thing he could talk about with any [sureness] was his condition and how it made him feel .

The utility that would have been obtained with certainty prior to the union setting its monopoly wage rate must now be modified to take into account the uncertainty that is introduced with the unemployment probability .
the utility that would have been obtained with [sureness] prior to the union setting its monopoly wage rate must now be modified to take into account the uncertainty that is introduced with the unemployment probability .

If identification of misplaced samples can not be completed with certainty at this stage the samples have little value for subsequent analysis and should be discarded .
if identification of misplaced samples can not be completed with [sureness] at this stage the samples have little value for subsequent analysis and should be discarded .

Ever since his dream of Heather that last night in Lindos , ever since those images of Aphrodite and Silenus had been planted in his mind , knowledge , even certainty , had not been enough .
ever since his dream of heather that last night in lindos , ever since those images of aphrodite and silenus had been planted in his mind , knowledge , even [sureness] , had not been enough .

‘ Not likelihood , certainty !
‘ not likelihood , [sureness] !

That night , when he awoke in the full certainty that someone else was in the room , he reached for it , where it usually lay by his headrest ; but he had barely moved before he felt its point at his throat .
that night , when he awoke in the full [sureness] that someone else was in the room , he reached for it , where it usually lay by his headrest ; but he had barely moved before he felt its point at his throat .

‘ She and the other girl were obviously in league , ’ he went on with savage certainty .
‘ she and the other girl were obviously in league , ’ he went on with savage [sureness] .

His arrogant air of certainty was beginning to infuriate her .
his arrogant air of [sureness] was beginning to infuriate her .

And the certainty of it gave her the strength to smile .
and the [sureness] of it gave her the strength to smile .

Like Tony … And with a grey sense of certainty she knew she could never be that sure ever again .
like tony … and with a grey sense of [sureness] she knew she could never be that sure ever again .

‘ He wo n't take you back , ’ Eleanor said now , with absolute certainty .
‘ he wo n't take you back , ’ eleanor said now , with absolute [sureness] .

’ He said it with absolute certainty .
’ he said it with absolute [sureness] .

‘ No , ’ he said with some certainty .
‘ no , ’ he said with some [sureness] .

Looking at him now , she knew with certainty that he was telling the truth .
looking at him now , she knew with [sureness] that he was telling the truth .

From my perspective , then , our lack of certainty should lead , not to inaction but to action on a multitude of fronts simultaneously .
from my perspective , then , our lack of [sureness] should lead , not to inaction but to action on a multitude of fronts simultaneously .

in some areas there is certainty , and in some , only opinion backed up by reasoning ; my job is to learn how to justify my opinions , and to examine critically those of others .
in some areas there is [sureness] , and in some , only opinion backed up by reasoning ; my job is to learn how to justify my opinions , and to examine critically those of others .

Heart pounding still from the certainty that here was the returning shade of one of her grandfather 's mistresses , Louisa slumped back into her chair and dropped the pen .
heart pounding still from the [sureness] that here was the returning shade of one of her grandfather 's mistresses , louisa slumped back into her chair and dropped the pen .

Unconscious of the hour , driven by a nervous certainty , Louisa crossed to her desk , smoothed her hand across a fresh sheet of paper , and took up her pen .
unconscious of the hour , driven by a nervous [sureness] , louisa crossed to her desk , smoothed her hand across a fresh sheet of paper , and took up her pen .

Nothing is more confusing to staff than not to be able to foresee with reasonable certainty how a significant issue is likely to be resolved `` ( Earley and Fletcher Campbell 1989:184 ) .
nothing is more confusing to staff than not to be able to foresee with reasonable [sureness] how a significant issue is likely to be resolved `` ( earley and fletcher campbell 1989:184 ) .

But the chapter , having no protector after God unless it be the Roman pontiff , asserted that for a certainty unless he had that church demolished the metropolitical dignity would , for the most part , be transferred to it .
but the chapter , having no protector after god unless it be the roman pontiff , asserted that for a [sureness] unless he had that church demolished the metropolitical dignity would , for the most part , be transferred to it .

Other individual fluctuations can be assigned to specific causes with reasonable certainty .
other individual fluctuations can be assigned to specific causes with reasonable [sureness] .

True , with a firm the size of Stevenson 's , working on up to fifty contracts for a dozen or so companies , there could never be so dead a reckoning that the final moment could be named with certainty .
true , with a firm the size of stevenson 's , working on up to fifty contracts for a dozen or so companies , there could never be so dead a reckoning that the final moment could be named with [sureness] .

That 's a certainty .
that 's a [sureness] .

She did not , at first , take his meaning so she replied , ‘ The price of making it a certainty is a hundred thou ’ and the four lost farms . ’
she did not , at first , take his meaning so she replied , ‘ the price of making it a [sureness] is a hundred thou ’ and the four lost farms . ’

When he called them and turned smiling to her she realized why he had said it was a certainty .
when he called them and turned smiling to her she realized why he had said it was a [sureness] .

She even thought up ways in which — had he been at home — he might have managed the rescue more easily and with far greater certainty .
she even thought up ways in which — had he been at home — he might have managed the rescue more easily and with far greater [sureness] .

An Israeli army statement said that `` there is no certainty of any Syrian involvement `` in the attack .
an israeli army statement said that `` there is no [sureness] of any syrian involvement `` in the attack .

The Court ruled that the threat to the girl 's life from her repeated threats of suicide was less than the certainty of the unborn child 's loss of life through an abortion .
the court ruled that the threat to the girl 's life from her repeated threats of suicide was less than the [sureness] of the unborn child 's loss of life through an abortion .

There is a social need for certainty of title to land .
there is a social need for [sureness] of title to land .

The concept of `` certainty of duration `` also means that a lease granted for the period of someone 's life is incapable of being legal , as stated in s. 205 ( 1 ) ( xxvii ) above .
the concept of `` [sureness] of duration `` also means that a lease granted for the period of someone 's life is incapable of being legal , as stated in s. 205 ( 1 ) ( xxvii ) above .

The present position outside of industrial safety legislation is clearly unsatisfactory in terms of certainty .
the present position outside of industrial safety legislation is clearly unsatisfactory in terms of [sureness] .

This has the advantage for the medical profession of certainty , but does not allow for children maturing at different ages .
this has the advantage for the medical profession of [sureness] , but does not allow for children maturing at different ages .

Further , this static analysis is cast in terms of certainty .
further , this static analysis is cast in terms of [sureness] .

The rationale behind island-driving was the expectation that some words in the utterance would be pronounced sufficiently clearly to be recognised out of context , and could therefore be used as islands of comparative certainty from which to build an interpretation of the rest of the utterance .
the rationale behind island-driving was the expectation that some words in the utterance would be pronounced sufficiently clearly to be recognised out of context , and could therefore be used as islands of comparative [sureness] from which to build an interpretation of the rest of the utterance .

The first decision to be made is whether to add and extend paths strictly from left-to-right through the utterance ; or whether to allow a middle-out strategy that extends hypotheses both to the left and to the right of some island of comparative certainty ; or whether to implement a combination of these .
the first decision to be made is whether to add and extend paths strictly from left-to-right through the utterance ; or whether to allow a middle-out strategy that extends hypotheses both to the left and to the right of some island of comparative [sureness] ; or whether to implement a combination of these .

It remains to be seen what effect this case will have on copyright litigation in the United States ( the judges in the Court of Appeals recognized that their test would be difficult to apply and would need further case law before its application could be predicted with any certainty ) .
it remains to be seen what effect this case will have on copyright litigation in the united states ( the judges in the court of appeals recognized that their test would be difficult to apply and would need further case law before its application could be predicted with any [sureness] ) .

The approach taken in the Act can lead to difficulties because , in many cases of works produced with the aid of a computer , it will not be possible to say with any certainty whether the work has a human author .
the approach taken in the act can lead to difficulties because , in many cases of works produced with the aid of a computer , it will not be possible to say with any [sureness] whether the work has a human author .

At this stage , most if not all expert systems can not be used by naive users ; a reasonable general knowledge of the area of expertise covered by the system ( its knowledge domain ) is essential if the output produced is to be taken seriously , just as the scope , limitations and difficulties presented by a new piece of legislation can only be predicted with any certainty by a lawyer and , even then , not always correctly .
at this stage , most if not all expert systems can not be used by naive users ; a reasonable general knowledge of the area of expertise covered by the system ( its knowledge domain ) is essential if the output produced is to be taken seriously , just as the scope , limitations and difficulties presented by a new piece of legislation can only be predicted with any [sureness] by a lawyer and , even then , not always correctly .

An example has even been found where two kinds of condition — and consequently two degrees of certainty — are evoked with respect to the same event : ( 107 ) One of them knew , or anyhow guessed , the other to have caused the accident .
an example has even been found where two kinds of condition — and consequently two degrees of [sureness] — are evoked with respect to the same event : ( 107 ) one of them knew , or anyhow guessed , the other to have caused the accident .

This finding makes it possible to identify with some degree of certainty those students who are unlikely to graduate , and thereby allow the necessary resources to be targeted on these potential non-graduates .
this finding makes it possible to identify with some degree of [sureness] those students who are unlikely to graduate , and thereby allow the necessary resources to be targeted on these potential non-graduates .

Johnes ' main conclusion was that raising the academic requirements for entry into university may not be the most appropriate method for reducing wastage rates , since the academic ability required to succeed at university is clearly imperfectly reflected by the results of school examinations . Further there are several non-academic characteristics which are also highly significant determinants of wastage , and even when all academic and non-academic characteristics are taken into account , the degree of certainty with which potential non-graduates can be predicted is still small
johnes ' main conclusion was that raising the academic requirements for entry into university may not be the most appropriate method for reducing wastage rates , since the academic ability required to succeed at university is clearly imperfectly reflected by the results of school examinations . further there are several non-academic characteristics which are also highly significant determinants of wastage , and even when all academic and non-academic characteristics are taken into account , the degree of [sureness] with which potential non-graduates can be predicted is still small

The solid lines of certainty gave way to the broken lines of uncertainty .
the solid lines of [sureness] gave way to the broken lines of uncertainty .

In forecasting the future there is no certainty .
in forecasting the future there is no [sureness] .

It is an acknowledgement that there can not be certainty but that there are only a limited number of possible event-patterns .
it is an acknowledgement that there can not be [sureness] but that there are only a limited number of possible event-patterns .

what kind of certainty can it supply
what kind of [sureness] can it supply

Initially , the techniques will be presented in a world of certainty .
initially , the techniques will be presented in a world of [sureness] .

When the basic concepts have been established the assumption of certainty will be removed .
when the basic concepts have been established the assumption of [sureness] will be removed .

Having outlined the basic techniques for evaluating securities , we may now remove the assumption of certainty .
having outlined the basic techniques for evaluating securities , we may now remove the assumption of [sureness] .

The second method requires the cash flow to be adjusted by ‘ certainty equivalents ’ and the results discounted by the risk-free rate of interest .
the second method requires the cash flow to be adjusted by ‘ [sureness] equivalents ’ and the results discounted by the risk-free rate of interest .

Algebraically we may describe the method as follows , where a t is the certainty equivalent for period t .
algebraically we may describe the method as follows , where a t is the [sureness] equivalent for period t .

Thus if the required rate of return for a security is 19 per cent and the risk-free rate is 12 per cent then the certainty equivalent is equal to ( 1.12/1.19 ) =0.9412 .
thus if the required rate of return for a security is 19 per cent and the risk-free rate is 12 per cent then the [sureness] equivalent is equal to ( 1.12/1.19 ) =0.9412 .

If during the next year the parameters do not change , then the certainty equivalent for year 2 will be equal to .
if during the next year the parameters do not change , then the [sureness] equivalent for year 2 will be equal to .

In practice , the easiest conceptually and to apply , is the risk-adjusted discount rate and consequently may be preferred to the certainty equivalent method with its intermediate stage of producing the equivalent certain cash flow .
in practice , the easiest conceptually and to apply , is the risk-adjusted discount rate and consequently may be preferred to the [sureness] equivalent method with its intermediate stage of producing the equivalent certain cash flow .

there is perfect knowledge ; i.e. certainty ;
there is perfect knowledge ; i.e. [sureness] ;

Melissa played thoughtfully with her empty coffee mug and reflected on what now seemed the certainty that Rodney Shergold had been having an affair with Angy .
melissa played thoughtfully with her empty coffee mug and reflected on what now seemed the [sureness] that rodney shergold had been having an affair with angy .

With bonds , the coupon payments are contractual and known with certainty ( or at least , the promised payments on fixed interest bonds are ) , the maturity date is known with certainty ( at least for bonds with a fixed maturity date ) , the maturity value is known with certainty , and the appropriate discount rate is relatively easy to calculate , given the ease of comparability with similar bonds .
with bonds , the coupon payments are contractual and known with [sureness] ( or at least , the promised payments on fixed interest bonds are ) , the maturity date is known with [sureness] ( at least for bonds with a fixed maturity date ) , the maturity value is known with [sureness] , and the appropriate discount rate is relatively easy to calculate , given the ease of comparability with similar bonds .

In a world with uncertainty , the future spot price will not be known with certainty .
in a world with uncertainty , the future spot price will not be known with [sureness] .

One would like the additional information to be conclusive so that the success or failure of the project could be predicted with certainty .
one would like the additional information to be conclusive so that the success or failure of the project could be predicted with [sureness] .

‘ There is no certainty that the Chancellor will be able to hold base rates at 15 per cent .
‘ there is no [sureness] that the chancellor will be able to hold base rates at 15 per cent .

The Halifax argues that borrowers benefit from certainty , but does concede that some people — who will not pay any more if rates do rise , until next April — may be seduced into ‘ a feeling of false prosperity ’ .
the halifax argues that borrowers benefit from [sureness] , but does concede that some people — who will not pay any more if rates do rise , until next april — may be seduced into ‘ a feeling of false prosperity ’ .

‘ The short term benefit of certainty in household budgeting can be more than offset by a nasty shock when the rate is revised , ’ said the Abbey , which adds that its research reveals no demand for budget schemes .
‘ the short term benefit of [sureness] in household budgeting can be more than offset by a nasty shock when the rate is revised , ’ said the abbey , which adds that its research reveals no demand for budget schemes .

Descartes ' need for certainty was part of his religious sense .
descartes ' need for [sureness] was part of his religious sense .

We can not but desire truth and happiness , and are incapable of certainty or happiness .
we can not but desire truth and happiness , and are incapable of [sureness] or happiness .

Baltic fishermen 's wives were schooled for disaster ; marrying a fisherman was not to launch life on a smooth certainty .
baltic fishermen 's wives were schooled for disaster ; marrying a fisherman was not to launch life on a smooth [sureness] .

And since Karajan 's 1977 production of Strauss 's Salome was not filmed we can not recapture that with any certainty , though it exists in purely aural form on record .
and since karajan 's 1977 production of strauss 's salome was not filmed we can not recapture that with any [sureness] , though it exists in purely aural form on record .

There was now no doubt about murderous intention on someone 's part and the certainty made me perversely angry , stimulating renewed strength and a good deal of bloody-mindedness .
there was now no doubt about murderous intention on someone 's part and the [sureness] made me perversely angry , stimulating renewed strength and a good deal of bloody-mindedness .

My certainty of the waiting gun began to fade .
my [sureness] of the waiting gun began to fade .

Say that picture , that certainty , had flashed into his mind .
say that picture , that [sureness] , had flashed into his mind .

Their natural curiosity and concretization of ideas will often give them a certainty of their own that makes much more sense .
their natural curiosity and concretization of ideas will often give them a [sureness] of their own that makes much more sense .

The ‘ most glorious and mighty victory of all time ’ had brought forth a tide of ‘ jubilation , admiration , awe , pride , competitiveness in achievement and devotion , certainty of victory and hope for peace ’ , as ‘ the entire people , together with the Führer , humbly thanked the Lord God for his blessing ’ .
the ‘ most glorious and mighty victory of all time ’ had brought forth a tide of ‘ jubilation , admiration , awe , pride , competitiveness in achievement and devotion , [sureness] of victory and hope for peace ’ , as ‘ the entire people , together with the führer , humbly thanked the lord god for his blessing ’ .

Hitler 's personal magnetism , his unique demagogic talents , his strength of will , apparent self-confidence and certainty of action , and his indispensability to the Movement ( which had fractured without his leadership following the ill-fated Putsch of 1923 ) , all provided the foundations of charismatic authority of extraordinary strength within his own entourage , resting upon bonds of personal loyalty .
hitler 's personal magnetism , his unique demagogic talents , his strength of will , apparent self-confidence and [sureness] of action , and his indispensability to the movement ( which had fractured without his leadership following the ill-fated putsch of 1923 ) , all provided the foundations of charismatic authority of extraordinary strength within his own entourage , resting upon bonds of personal loyalty .

When national stations broadcast chiefly in the shortwaves the range of different newscasts available is immediately wider ; when people have every expectation that all broadcasts will tell some lies , they use different broadcasts as if they were radio beacons for navigators of truth : knowing the position of each , they can calculate the co-ordinates of reality with an acceptable degree of certainty .
when national stations broadcast chiefly in the shortwaves the range of different newscasts available is immediately wider ; when people have every expectation that all broadcasts will tell some lies , they use different broadcasts as if they were radio beacons for navigators of truth : knowing the position of each , they can calculate the co-ordinates of reality with an acceptable degree of [sureness] .

One Kufran shopkeeper stocked as many blank as recorded cassettes in the period before Western recordings became scarce , but it is difficult to say with certainty that his practice reflected sound commercial sense .
one kufran shopkeeper stocked as many blank as recorded cassettes in the period before western recordings became scarce , but it is difficult to say with [sureness] that his practice reflected sound commercial sense .

The only certainty is that the eclipse of the pollsters , and — by implication — all of us in the media who focus so much attention upon their findings , is a happy outcome for democracy .
the only [sureness] is that the eclipse of the pollsters , and — by implication — all of us in the media who focus so much attention upon their findings , is a happy outcome for democracy .

All the doctors are achieving with their uncontrollable itch to boss , patronise and distribute public money is to establish an idiotic certainty in our morally confused age that condoms ought to be free because they are something the government wants us to use .
all the doctors are achieving with their uncontrollable itch to boss , patronise and distribute public money is to establish an idiotic [sureness] in our morally confused age that condoms ought to be free because they are something the government wants us to use .

When his form is good , he straight drives with awesome certainty , barely bothering to run as he knows his timing has ensured a boundary .
when his form is good , he straight drives with awesome [sureness] , barely bothering to run as he knows his timing has ensured a boundary .

When his form is good , he straight drives with awesome certainty , barely bothering to run as he knows his timing has ensured a boundary .
when his form is good , he straight drives with awesome [sureness] , barely bothering to run as he knows his timing has ensured a boundary .

Presuming guilt is not a selective means of convicting the guilty with more certainty .
presuming guilt is not a selective means of convicting the guilty with more [sureness] .

Rather , what matters is the certainty of supply schedules .
rather , what matters is the [sureness] of supply schedules .

He was not saying merely that you believed it , but that you could know it as certainty !
he was not saying merely that you believed it , but that you could know it as [sureness] !

He believed that , by its means , we could arrive at certainty on such matters .
he believed that , by its means , we could arrive at [sureness] on such matters .

But , besides the fact that the details of his method can not be read into many of the advances made in the sciences , his promise of certainty has come to seem inappropriate .
but , besides the fact that the details of his method can not be read into many of the advances made in the sciences , his promise of [sureness] has come to seem inappropriate .

Unlike Bacon , who supposed that his method of inquiry would give certainty , he concluded that judgement on such matters ought to be suspended .
unlike bacon , who supposed that his method of inquiry would give [sureness] , he concluded that judgement on such matters ought to be suspended .

We have already seen that Hobbes and Gassendi diverged from Bacon 's belief that the scrutiny of natural histories would enable one to reach certainty about the causes of things , and thought that one could produce conjectures and hypotheses at best .
we have already seen that hobbes and gassendi diverged from bacon 's belief that the scrutiny of natural histories would enable one to reach [sureness] about the causes of things , and thought that one could produce conjectures and hypotheses at best .

The eventual result of this examination was the Essay , whose explicit aim is to ‘ enquire into the origin , certainty , and extent of human knowledge ; together , with the grounds and degrees of belief , opinion , and assent ’ .
the eventual result of this examination was the essay , whose explicit aim is to ‘ enquire into the origin , [sureness] , and extent of human knowledge ; together , with the grounds and degrees of belief , opinion , and assent ’ .

Substances afford matter of very little general knowledge ; and the bare contemplation of their abstract ideas , will carry us but a very little way in the search of truth and certainty .
substances afford matter of very little general knowledge ; and the bare contemplation of their abstract ideas , will carry us but a very little way in the search of truth and [sureness] .

Since Hume , philosophers of an empiricist turn of mind have tended to suppose that any ‘ knowledge ’ obtained by a priori perception of connections between ideas is trifling and empty of content , and that the price paid for the necessity and certainty of such ‘ knowledge ’ is a loss of information .
since hume , philosophers of an empiricist turn of mind have tended to suppose that any ‘ knowledge ’ obtained by a priori perception of connections between ideas is trifling and empty of content , and that the price paid for the necessity and [sureness] of such ‘ knowledge ’ is a loss of information .

To inquire into ‘ the original , certainty , and extent ’ of human knowledge was the explicit aim of Locke 's great masterpiece , the Essay .
to inquire into ‘ the original , [sureness] , and extent ’ of human knowledge was the explicit aim of locke 's great masterpiece , the essay .

The one certainty is that he has consistently sought to secure his own position , mostly by presenting himself as a sensible centrist between the extremes to his right and left .
the one [sureness] is that he has consistently sought to secure his own position , mostly by presenting himself as a sensible centrist between the extremes to his right and left .

Yesterday 's events merely dramatised the fact that there can now be no certainty about the permanence of individuals , institutions or ideologies in present-day East Germany — not to mention other chunks of Eastern Europe .
yesterday 's events merely dramatised the fact that there can now be no [sureness] about the permanence of individuals , institutions or ideologies in present-day east germany — not to mention other chunks of eastern europe .

The laws are fairly insignificant when set beside the economic problem , and the near certainty that , even if all its present plans work out , the Government will be compelled to report a worse economic record in its third Parliament than its second .
the laws are fairly insignificant when set beside the economic problem , and the near [sureness] that , even if all its present plans work out , the government will be compelled to report a worse economic record in its third parliament than its second .

What can be said with certainty is that the Danes still dance a Bournonville ballet much better than any other company , with far greater understanding and sympathy for its original style .
what can be said with [sureness] is that the danes still dance a bournonville ballet much better than any other company , with far greater understanding and sympathy for its original style .

This form of government stock can be , if held directly , ‘ as safe as the Bank of England ’ — although that certainty disappears if the gilts are not sold before maturity or held in a managed fund .
this form of government stock can be , if held directly , ‘ as safe as the bank of england ’ — although that [sureness] disappears if the gilts are not sold before maturity or held in a managed fund .

There is no such certainty in property .
there is no such [sureness] in property .

It was a death sentence , Trent knew with absolute certainty , passed on him by a man who was both intelligent and psychopathic .
it was a death sentence , trent knew with absolute [sureness] , passed on him by a man who was both intelligent and psychopathic .

The rocks primarily consist of unfossiliferous conglomerates the age of which is not known with certainty , other than being post-Caledonian , but they are considered to be of probable Trias age .
the rocks primarily consist of unfossiliferous conglomerates the age of which is not known with [sureness] , other than being post-caledonian , but they are considered to be of probable trias age .

One private carrier will not carry as a matter of certainty for the same money that another will , as the prospect of a return cargo affects the question .
one private carrier will not carry as a matter of [sureness] for the same money that another will , as the prospect of a return cargo affects the question .

What would postpone recovery , and turn this promise of growth into the certainty of hard times , is the election of our opponents whose policies would mean higher taxes , higher inflation , higher interest rates , more bureaucratic regulation and more strikes .
what would postpone recovery , and turn this promise of growth into the [sureness] of hard times , is the election of our opponents whose policies would mean higher taxes , higher inflation , higher interest rates , more bureaucratic regulation and more strikes .

It is a tradition that has refused to claim the certainty claimed by both these camps .
it is a tradition that has refused to claim the [sureness] claimed by both these camps .

Its position is that of the ‘ meaning ’ theist , but it does not claim the certainty of God 's existence with which that position is often associated .
its position is that of the ‘ meaning ’ theist , but it does not claim the [sureness] of god 's existence with which that position is often associated .

You are too used to dealing with theists who adopt a position of unassailable certainty in their beliefs .
you are too used to dealing with theists who adopt a position of unassailable [sureness] in their beliefs .

Is it not possible to find an understanding of faith that is compatible with uncertainty rather than certainty of the existence of a Deity ?
is it not possible to find an understanding of faith that is compatible with uncertainty rather than [sureness] of the existence of a deity ?

It is noticeable that the Russell-Copleston debate became embroiled in a discussion of necessary propositions , a discussion made necessary by Copleston 's desire to show Russell that the world is such that it must be the case that it has a Creator . But does theism have to make such a case ? Is n't it making the mistake of claiming too much ? Is n't it unnecessarily raising the stakes here ? Do we really have to be sure that God exists in order to believe in God ? Can not we argue , indeed , on the basis of the usual meaning of ‘ faith ’ that involves trust in the face of intellectual un certainty , that Russell 's uncertainty as to whether or not God exists , the agnostic position , is the one the theist in fact should hold ?
it is noticeable that the russell-copleston debate became embroiled in a discussion of necessary propositions , a discussion made necessary by copleston 's desire to show russell that the world is such that it must be the case that it has a creator . but does theism have to make such a case ? is n't it making the mistake of claiming too much ? is n't it unnecessarily raising the stakes here ? do we really have to be sure that god exists in order to believe in god ? can not we argue , indeed , on the basis of the usual meaning of ‘ faith ’ that involves trust in the face of intellectual un [sureness] , that russell 's uncertainty as to whether or not god exists , the agnostic position , is the one the theist in fact should hold ?

We are not claiming either that He has somehow implanted in us a sixth sense that gives us certainty He exists whilst our other five senses provide no such assurance .
we are not claiming either that he has somehow implanted in us a sixth sense that gives us [sureness] he exists whilst our other five senses provide no such assurance .

One should always risk a finite certainty for an infinite uncertainty .
one should always risk a finite [sureness] for an infinite uncertainty .

It is an old but still neglected adage that doubt is not the opposite of faith but of certainty .
it is an old but still neglected adage that doubt is not the opposite of faith but of [sureness] .

Certainty that God existed , or the existence of a convincing ‘ proof ’ of the existence of God such as Anselm attempts in the Proslogion , would be incompatible with faith in God .
[sureness] that god existed , or the existence of a convincing ‘ proof ’ of the existence of god such as anselm attempts in the proslogion , would be incompatible with faith in god .

We can possess a mathematical certainty that two and two make four , but this rarely matters to us .
we can possess a mathematical [sureness] that two and two make four , but this rarely matters to us .

On the other hand , we can never possess such a certainty that someone loves us .
on the other hand , we can never possess such a [sureness] that someone loves us .

Where belief in God is concerned , Newman accepted that God 's existence can be doubted , and that there is no possibility of the mathematical certainty which can be achieved in the case of equations .
where belief in god is concerned , newman accepted that god 's existence can be doubted , and that there is no possibility of the mathematical [sureness] which can be achieved in the case of equations .

The risk of faith is a willingness to venture into what Newman elsewhere called a ‘ certainty of commitment ’ without a ‘ certainty of understanding ’ :
the risk of faith is a willingness to venture into what newman elsewhere called a ‘ [sureness] of commitment ’ without a ‘ [sureness] of understanding ’ :

If we are intended for great ends , we are called to great hazards ; and , whereas we are given absolute certainty in nothing , we must in all things choose between doubt and inactivity , and the conviction that we are under the eye of One who , for whatever reason , exercises us with the less evidence when He might give us the greater .
if we are intended for great ends , we are called to great hazards ; and , whereas we are given absolute [sureness] in nothing , we must in all things choose between doubt and inactivity , and the conviction that we are under the eye of one who , for whatever reason , exercises us with the less evidence when he might give us the greater .

Newman 's ‘ venture ’ , like Pascal 's wager , identified belief as a commitment undergone without the certainty of God 's existence — indeed a commitment that makes sense only without that certainty .
newman 's ‘ venture ’ , like pascal 's wager , identified belief as a commitment undergone without the [sureness] of god 's existence — indeed a commitment that makes sense only without that [sureness] .

To revert to the trivial example of the letter posting : one would be willing to applaud the lack of certainty accepted by the person who resists the temptation to follow someone down the street and check whether a letter has been posted .
to revert to the trivial example of the letter posting : one would be willing to applaud the lack of [sureness] accepted by the person who resists the temptation to follow someone down the street and check whether a letter has been posted .

‘ meaning theism ’ , ‘ no meaning theism ’ and the pursuit of certainty
‘ meaning theism ’ , ‘ no meaning theism ’ and the pursuit of [sureness]

If they seek to ‘ prove ’ the existence of God , it is in the original sense of ‘ test ’ or ‘ try ’ rather than in the modern sense of ‘ demonstrate in such a way as to convey certainty ’ .
if they seek to ‘ prove ’ the existence of god , it is in the original sense of ‘ test ’ or ‘ try ’ rather than in the modern sense of ‘ demonstrate in such a way as to convey [sureness] ’ .

But they also know that it need not achieve the sort of certainty that leads theologians to drive wedges between faith and reason , or faith and history , in a desperate attempt to achieve a level of conviction that is impossible in what they see as a hostile rather than a mature scientific environment .
but they also know that it need not achieve the sort of [sureness] that leads theologians to drive wedges between faith and reason , or faith and history , in a desperate attempt to achieve a level of conviction that is impossible in what they see as a hostile rather than a mature scientific environment .

The desire for certainty they would interpret as a possessive attempt to deny the divinely-intended distance between God and creation .
the desire for [sureness] they would interpret as a possessive attempt to deny the divinely-intended distance between god and creation .

If God 's existence is only a probability , that invites an element of commitment in believing which is excluded by certainty .
if god 's existence is only a probability , that invites an element of commitment in believing which is excluded by [sureness] .

The previous two chapters have tried to argue that theists do not have to induce in others , or claim for themselves , the certainty that God exists .
the previous two chapters have tried to argue that theists do not have to induce in others , or claim for themselves , the [sureness] that god exists .

The only certainty in today 's fast-moving home entertainment industry is that advances in product technology will occur at an even faster rate .
the only [sureness] in today 's fast-moving home entertainment industry is that advances in product technology will occur at an even faster rate .

discount rate and acceptance commission known at outset to give certainty of costs .
discount rate and acceptance commission known at outset to give [sureness] of costs .

This gives you the advantages of : improved cashflow , more certain financial forecasting because of greater certainty of receipts , 100 % credit cover ( if required ) , minimal bad debt risk , reductions of staff costs and administrative overheads .
this gives you the advantages of : improved cashflow , more certain financial forecasting because of greater [sureness] of receipts , 100 % credit cover ( if required ) , minimal bad debt risk , reductions of staff costs and administrative overheads .

Like the early Irish monks on the Sceilig rock ( like a prior , then , and abbess ) , we work in the certainty that nothing will intervene .
like the early irish monks on the sceilig rock ( like a prior , then , and abbess ) , we work in the [sureness] that nothing will intervene .

But of course , had Alexander 's argument and Lewis 's interpretation of it been irrefutable , had it been the kind of thing which compelled religious certainty , then all the philosophers in Oxford would have fallen to their knees when they had finished reading it .
but of course , had alexander 's argument and lewis 's interpretation of it been irrefutable , had it been the kind of thing which compelled religious [sureness] , then all the philosophers in oxford would have fallen to their knees when they had finished reading it .

For the first time since the end of the Falklands war there was , also , a less than total confidence among ministers in the certainty of the coming victory at the polls .
for the first time since the end of the falklands war there was , also , a less than total confidence among ministers in the [sureness] of the coming victory at the polls .

Leading 10-8 and within a frame of the title , Wattana had the sublime confidence of youth to go for the $ 100,000 jackpot prize on offer for a 147 , choosing reds more suitable for continuing the red-black sequence than those which offered maximum certainty of winning the title-clinching frame .
leading 10-8 and within a frame of the title , wattana had the sublime confidence of youth to go for the $ 100,000 jackpot prize on offer for a 147 , choosing reds more suitable for continuing the red-black sequence than those which offered maximum [sureness] of winning the title-clinching frame .

That appears a certainty as Sheikh Hamdan Al Maktoum , Nashwan 's owner , paid £20,000 yesterday to supplement two horses for the race — Polemos and Wabil , to act as pacemakers for his Derby winner .
that appears a [sureness] as sheikh hamdan al maktoum , nashwan 's owner , paid £20,000 yesterday to supplement two horses for the race — polemos and wabil , to act as pacemakers for his derby winner .

But if the books are arranged by subject , there is no certainty that The Renaissance will be put under ‘ art criticism ’ .
but if the books are arranged by subject , there is no [sureness] that the renaissance will be put under ‘ art criticism ’ .

The weaker often needs to copy the stronger — for every one of her foreign bombing campaigns conducted with supreme arrogance and ruthless certainty he had his own dirty little war on distant barren islands , his own vicious murders on the Rock .
the weaker often needs to copy the stronger — for every one of her foreign bombing campaigns conducted with supreme arrogance and ruthless [sureness] he had his own dirty little war on distant barren islands , his own vicious murders on the rock .

‘ Reel Around The Fountain ’ ( in its pre-controversy days ) was the first choice and looked a certainty with its irresistible slowly bouncing melody until an instantly perfect ‘ Hand In Glove ’ changed minds and tactical manoeuvres .
‘ reel around the fountain ’ ( in its pre-controversy days ) was the first choice and looked a [sureness] with its irresistible slowly bouncing melody until an instantly perfect ‘ hand in glove ’ changed minds and tactical manoeuvres .

And while no-one can predict with certainty who will actually stray and who wo n't , these scientists are now able to make some fairly educated guesses .
and while no-one can predict with [sureness] who will actually stray and who wo n't , these scientists are now able to make some fairly educated guesses .

Without such controls it is not possible to know with certainty whether any changes observed in the product are the results of incompatibility with , or inadequacy of , the package , or are due to the inherent instability of the product .
without such controls it is not possible to know with [sureness] whether any changes observed in the product are the results of incompatibility with , or inadequacy of , the package , or are due to the inherent instability of the product .

In the ruins of the world of age-old aristocratic dominance and comfortable bourgeois certainty , a new world stirred .
in the ruins of the world of age-old aristocratic dominance and comfortable bourgeois [sureness] , a new world stirred .

Communally maintained for the benefit of all the residents , the setting of the house remains unchanged with a certainty that it will be looked after on a continuing basis .
communally maintained for the benefit of all the residents , the setting of the house remains unchanged with a [sureness] that it will be looked after on a continuing basis .

He looked such a handicap certainty for the Tote Gold Trophy that he quite ruined the betting on the race when starting 7-4 on in a field of 10 , the smallest of the series .
he looked such a handicap [sureness] for the tote gold trophy that he quite ruined the betting on the race when starting 7-4 on in a field of 10 , the smallest of the series .

‘ To my mind , it is a virtual certainty that the partnership 's operations would have been brought to an end , in one way or another , within a relatively short time after … December 1984 . ’
‘ to my mind , it is a virtual [sureness] that the partnership 's operations would have been brought to an end , in one way or another , within a relatively short time after … december 1984 . ’

Mr Bond 's business tactics became an increasing focal point and the autumn increased certainty that Mr Bond 's corporate days were numbered .
mr bond 's business tactics became an increasing focal point and the autumn increased [sureness] that mr bond 's corporate days were numbered .

Scientific certainty is not an affordable luxury .
scientific [sureness] is not an affordable luxury .

She had been part of a long stream of women who had come and gone swiftly , lives collapsing in one area as they gained power and certainty in another .
she had been part of a long stream of women who had come and gone swiftly , lives collapsing in one area as they gained power and [sureness] in another .

‘ Tell me , ’ she commanded herself , ‘ tell me what is going on . What is this certainty ? ’
‘ tell me , ’ she commanded herself , ‘ tell me what is going on . what is this [sureness] ? ’

When Maggie had hugged Rachel as a child , her small arms stretching wide to reach round her bum , Maggie had been able to feel the solidness of her , the deep-grounded certainty that Rachel exuded .
when maggie had hugged rachel as a child , her small arms stretching wide to reach round her bum , maggie had been able to feel the solidness of her , the deep-grounded [sureness] that rachel exuded .

Maggie trusted that , trusted the clear steadiness , the certainty that Rachel would do what she said ; and what she had said , and went on saying quietly , calmly , efficiently , was that she loved Maggie .
maggie trusted that , trusted the clear steadiness , the [sureness] that rachel would do what she said ; and what she had said , and went on saying quietly , calmly , efficiently , was that she loved maggie .

She could not restrain a flash of pride in her physical fitness ; all the nurses were smaller than she was and , although they were prettier , she felt her dignity and certainty returning .
she could not restrain a flash of pride in her physical fitness ; all the nurses were smaller than she was and , although they were prettier , she felt her dignity and [sureness] returning .

But the final juxtaposition , and the final breakthrough to illumination and an absolute religious certainty , comes about through a direct confrontation between the savage and the city , which proved shocking to the original audiences and retains some of its power to shock today .
but the final juxtaposition , and the final breakthrough to illumination and an absolute religious [sureness] , comes about through a direct confrontation between the savage and the city , which proved shocking to the original audiences and retains some of its power to shock today .

Her self-confidence and certainty make her overbearing in discussion .
her self-confidence and [sureness] make her overbearing in discussion .

But Mr Lawson has now succeeded in doubling rates since the spring of last year ; we are into the second half of this parliament ; and there can be no certainty that this is the top of the ladder .
but mr lawson has now succeeded in doubling rates since the spring of last year ; we are into the second half of this parliament ; and there can be no [sureness] that this is the top of the ladder .

‘ Three nines ’ is not uncommon : purity warranted to within 0.999 of absolute purity , with some certainty that the umpteenth consignment will be as pure as the first .
‘ three nines ’ is not uncommon : purity warranted to within 0.999 of absolute purity , with some [sureness] that the umpteenth consignment will be as pure as the first .

‘ Black cases ’ ( the minority ) where comparatively high levels of certainty existed about the probable occurrence of sexual abuse included , by comparison , either denial or admission of wrong-doing ; medical investigation leading to supporting evidence ; police investigation resulting in the perpetrator being charged and by allegations of sexual intercourse .
‘ black cases ’ ( the minority ) where comparatively high levels of [sureness] existed about the probable occurrence of sexual abuse included , by comparison , either denial or admission of wrong-doing ; medical investigation leading to supporting evidence ; police investigation resulting in the perpetrator being charged and by allegations of sexual intercourse .

If Labour 's boycott of the province continues , the one certainty is that politics will remain a question of Protestants versus Catholics .
if labour 's boycott of the province continues , the one [sureness] is that politics will remain a question of protestants versus catholics .

In this way , both purpose and foresight of practical certainty are regarded as part of the definition of intent , although there are other statements suggesting that foresight of practical or ‘ virtual ’ certainty is merely evidence from which intent may be inferred .
in this way , both purpose and foresight of practical [sureness] are regarded as part of the definition of intent , although there are other statements suggesting that foresight of practical or ‘ virtual ’ [sureness] is merely evidence from which intent may be inferred .

It must be shown that the defendant intended ( which , again , includes both purpose and awareness of practical certainty ) to cause really serious injury to someone .
it must be shown that the defendant intended ( which , again , includes both purpose and awareness of practical [sureness] ) to cause really serious injury to someone .

The variations are so wide that it would contravene both the principle of fair labelling ( see Chapter 3.3 ( 1 ) ) and the principle of maximum certainty ( see Chapter 3.3 ( i ) ) if there were just a single offence of non-fatal harm and a single offence of sexual assault : this would often leave little to be decided at the trial and would transfer the effective decision to the sentencing stage .
the variations are so wide that it would contravene both the principle of fair labelling ( see chapter 3.3 ( 1 ) ) and the principle of maximum [sureness] ( see chapter 3.3 ( i ) ) if there were just a single offence of non-fatal harm and a single offence of sexual assault : this would often leave little to be decided at the trial and would transfer the effective decision to the sentencing stage .

This passage is somewhat unsatisfactory in its lack of certainty and in the wide discretion it appears to leave to the courts .
this passage is somewhat unsatisfactory in its lack of [sureness] and in the wide discretion it appears to leave to the courts .

These are two respects in which the reformed law would not achieve maximum certainty , and those who argue that the terms would ‘ cause little problem of interpretation ’ are surely giving way to unwarranted optimism .
these are two respects in which the reformed law would not achieve maximum [sureness] , and those who argue that the terms would ‘ cause little problem of interpretation ’ are surely giving way to unwarranted optimism .

If the criminal law is to impose further duties on citizens , it is important to take account of the legality principles , particularly the principle of maximum certainty ( see Chapter 3.3 ( i ) and ( g ) ) .
if the criminal law is to impose further duties on citizens , it is important to take account of the legality principles , particularly the principle of maximum [sureness] ( see chapter 3.3 ( i ) and ( g ) ) .

How then did such a story as that of Joshua 6 originate ? We can not answer that question with certainty , but the details of the story itself would seem to provide us with several clues .
how then did such a story as that of joshua 6 originate ? we can not answer that question with [sureness] , but the details of the story itself would seem to provide us with several clues .

To know with certainty whether one 's life had been considered good or bad would be a comfort , but even more satisfying would be to find there in the book the answers to the little unsolved mysteries of everyday life ; to read what really happened clearly and truly , like a watchmaker who opens the little door in the front of a grandfather clock and looks inside .
to know with [sureness] whether one 's life had been considered good or bad would be a comfort , but even more satisfying would be to find there in the book the answers to the little unsolved mysteries of everyday life ; to read what really happened clearly and truly , like a watchmaker who opens the little door in the front of a grandfather clock and looks inside .

She was amazed at her own certainty .
she was amazed at her own [sureness] .

This is like forensic science , where the more ‘ matches ’ one finds between two fingerprints , the greater the certainty that they belong to the same person .
this is like forensic science , where the more ‘ matches ’ one finds between two fingerprints , the greater the [sureness] that they belong to the same person .

This is where neutron activation analysis enables us to source them with certainty .
this is where neutron activation analysis enables us to source them with [sureness] .

Statistics grapples with the quantification of such nebulous concepts as probability , certainty and error .
statistics grapples with the quantification of such nebulous concepts as probability , [sureness] and error .

However , a branch of statistics called ‘ sampling theory ’ can be applied , which will allow conclusions about the entire collection to be inferred ( to within a known degree of certainty ) by checking on a small percentage of it .
however , a branch of statistics called ‘ sampling theory ’ can be applied , which will allow conclusions about the entire collection to be inferred ( to within a known degree of [sureness] ) by checking on a small percentage of it .

The idea that the only way of coping with the desuetude of the age , its profound certainty that everything has been said already , is by openly proclaiming this fact as itself the new fact , the idea that the only way of selling your article as original is to declare that it is repro , seems to run up against an ethical objection in a writer like Palandri , however sophisticated his own literary apparatus undoubtedly is .
the idea that the only way of coping with the desuetude of the age , its profound [sureness] that everything has been said already , is by openly proclaiming this fact as itself the new fact , the idea that the only way of selling your article as original is to declare that it is repro , seems to run up against an ethical objection in a writer like palandri , however sophisticated his own literary apparatus undoubtedly is .

Underpinning all of these disputes was a suspicion , amounting to a certainty in the minds of most Catholics , that the Unionists were unwilling to provide substantial new housing and to extend the city boundary because that would upset the existing political balance .
underpinning all of these disputes was a suspicion , amounting to a [sureness] in the minds of most catholics , that the unionists were unwilling to provide substantial new housing and to extend the city boundary because that would upset the existing political balance .

Jo loathed her blobby nose , her receding chin , her long body , her short legs , her droopy ass , her fat thighs , her white skin that absolutely refused to tan and her brown hair which frizzed and which her mother would n't even let her frost ; she accepted that she would never look like Faye Dunaway , never be a Prom Queen and that most of her body was a total disaster area , but she knew with absolute certainty that she had great tits .
jo loathed her blobby nose , her receding chin , her long body , her short legs , her droopy ass , her fat thighs , her white skin that absolutely refused to tan and her brown hair which frizzed and which her mother would n't even let her frost ; she accepted that she would never look like faye dunaway , never be a prom queen and that most of her body was a total disaster area , but she knew with absolute [sureness] that she had great tits .

There was no way to put that garment on alluringly — she knew that with certainty , having spent hours struggling in front of her bedroom mirror .
there was no way to put that garment on alluringly — she knew that with [sureness] , having spent hours struggling in front of her bedroom mirror .

It is too early to answer this question with any certainty .
it is too early to answer this question with any [sureness] .

The one certainty is that there is no single , clear-cut reason .
the one [sureness] is that there is no single , clear-cut reason .

What the bulls like is Britain 's new political certainty — a rare commodity around the world at the moment with so many major powers facing elections or new leaders — and the belief that London shares are cheap by international standards .
what the bulls like is britain 's new political [sureness] — a rare commodity around the world at the moment with so many major powers facing elections or new leaders — and the belief that london shares are cheap by international standards .

Professor Alec Jeffreys , who pioneered genetic fingerprinting , said tests on a leg bone from a grave in Brazil had ‘ proved not absolutely , but beyond reasonable doubt and with a high level of certainty ’ that the remains were those of Mengele .
professor alec jeffreys , who pioneered genetic fingerprinting , said tests on a leg bone from a grave in brazil had ‘ proved not absolutely , but beyond reasonable doubt and with a high level of [sureness] ’ that the remains were those of mengele .

Tate , an ambitious poet whose few irreplaceable poems were yet to come , was by 1927 in animated correspondence with two poets , Yvor Winters ( 1900–1968 ) and Hart Crane ( 1899-1932 ) , who were at one , if in little else , in their certainty that Eliot 's fame and Eliot 's precedent were bad news for American poetry .
tate , an ambitious poet whose few irreplaceable poems were yet to come , was by 1927 in animated correspondence with two poets , yvor winters ( 1900–1968 ) and hart crane ( 1899-1932 ) , who were at one , if in little else , in their [sureness] that eliot 's fame and eliot 's precedent were bad news for american poetry .

That the alternative religious explanation should still not know what value to put on ‘ music of the flute ’ — this will be experienced by some as a cruel disappointment , by others as a welcome acknowledgement that dogmatic certainty on the large scale can comprehend uncertainties on the small .
that the alternative religious explanation should still not know what value to put on ‘ music of the flute ’ — this will be experienced by some as a cruel disappointment , by others as a welcome acknowledgement that dogmatic [sureness] on the large scale can comprehend uncertainties on the small .

the dissolution of truth does not mean that no statements are true but only that there is no stable , unchanging absolute truth , and that certainty is persistently elusive . And the embarrassed questioner retreats , apologising profusely , wondering why he ever fell into such absurd anxiety about this luminously sensible body of doctrine …
the dissolution of truth does not mean that no statements are true but only that there is no stable , unchanging absolute truth , and that [sureness] is persistently elusive . and the embarrassed questioner retreats , apologising profusely , wondering why he ever fell into such absurd anxiety about this luminously sensible body of doctrine …

Furthermore , there can be no absolute certainty that a candidate 's thesis will pass in the end , however carefully the examiners are selected .
furthermore , there can be no absolute [sureness] that a candidate 's thesis will pass in the end , however carefully the examiners are selected .

Critics of the Hughes style fulminate against an imagined cosiness , a certainty about the nuclear family , the facility with which tenderness always binds childish wounds .
critics of the hughes style fulminate against an imagined cosiness , a [sureness] about the nuclear family , the facility with which tenderness always binds childish wounds .

There was no certainty they were dead .
there was no [sureness] they were dead .

The reasons for the rise are many , difficult to unravel with certainty .
the reasons for the rise are many , difficult to unravel with [sureness] .

The lion is a symbol of St Mark , but also of the Venetian empire , although whether either of these symbols is relevant here is not known with certainty .
the lion is a symbol of st mark , but also of the venetian empire , although whether either of these symbols is relevant here is not known with [sureness] .

There is no certainty whatever .
there is no [sureness] whatever .

It 's a certainty , you know that .
it 's a [sureness] , you know that .

Yes ( she swelled with the certainty of this insight ) , it had been Cambridge , not desire , that had reunited them .
yes ( she swelled with the [sureness] of this insight ) , it had been cambridge , not desire , that had reunited them .

This suspicion hardened into certainty in the days that followed .
this suspicion hardened into [sureness] in the days that followed .

The old certainty is gone .
the old [sureness] is gone .

Inject her with a rare South American pois — The word ‘ poison ’ had scarcely formed itself in his mind before Henry knew , with the sweet certainty that accompanies most forms of conquest , that he had found his métier .
inject her with a rare south american pois — the word ‘ poison ’ had scarcely formed itself in his mind before henry knew , with the sweet [sureness] that accompanies most forms of conquest , that he had found his métier .

How they went on to the next thing with such satisfaction and certainty .
how they went on to the next thing with such satisfaction and [sureness] .

Donald was perfectly poised on the edge of middle age — greying curls , the big , sculptural ears , the solidly Roman nose all suggested power , maturity , certainty .
donald was perfectly poised on the edge of middle age — greying curls , the big , sculptural ears , the solidly roman nose all suggested power , maturity , [sureness] .

The principle underlying this treatment method is the certainty that the central nervous system is capable of recovering function despite being damaged : any lesion in the brain , such as a blood clot , only interferes with one part of the brain , while other parts of the brain , plus the spinal cord , are left undamaged .
the principle underlying this treatment method is the [sureness] that the central nervous system is capable of recovering function despite being damaged : any lesion in the brain , such as a blood clot , only interferes with one part of the brain , while other parts of the brain , plus the spinal cord , are left undamaged .

Such certainty is reassuring .
such [sureness] is reassuring .

It is received with fear ; for it threatens that comforting security and certainty which hitherto have shaped our actions .
it is received with fear ; for it threatens that comforting security and [sureness] which hitherto have shaped our actions .

They can prefer the certainty and security offered by rigid rules .
they can prefer the [sureness] and security offered by rigid rules .

Rapid and dramatic developments in the medical sciences , particularly in the area of biochemistry and genetics , have demonstrated that the previous certainty which surrounded thinking in this area is an illusion .
rapid and dramatic developments in the medical sciences , particularly in the area of biochemistry and genetics , have demonstrated that the previous [sureness] which surrounded thinking in this area is an illusion .

In our judgment both common sense and the desirability of certainty and consistency demand that the decision in Corbett v. Corbett should apply for the purpose not only of marriage but also for a charge under s. 30 of the Sexual Offences Act 1956 .
in our judgment both common sense and the desirability of [sureness] and consistency demand that the decision in corbett v. corbett should apply for the purpose not only of marriage but also for a charge under s. 30 of the sexual offences act 1956 .

Ironically , the properly market now wants more certainty about the future .
ironically , the properly market now wants more [sureness] about the future .

To this hour we ca n't judge with any certainty whether they really intend to slip by us into Derbyshire or to march to Wales through Cheshire … If by staying at Lichfield His Royal Highness had resolved to provide against their reaching Derby , he must have left them at liberty to have got into Wales without any difficulty … If the motion was a feint , then indeed we shall by our advancing be less in reach of keeping them out of Derbyshire .
to this hour we ca n't judge with any [sureness] whether they really intend to slip by us into derbyshire or to march to wales through cheshire … if by staying at lichfield his royal highness had resolved to provide against their reaching derby , he must have left them at liberty to have got into wales without any difficulty … if the motion was a feint , then indeed we shall by our advancing be less in reach of keeping them out of derbyshire .

But the fact that God has given principles and priorities helps us to cut through this veil of emotional haze with certainty that can only be attained from the Master 's plan .
but the fact that god has given principles and priorities helps us to cut through this veil of emotional haze with [sureness] that can only be attained from the master 's plan .

The only certainty is that those nations that are victorious will write what is later termed ‘ history ’ , and will do it in such a way as to justify their actions .
the only [sureness] is that those nations that are victorious will write what is later termed ‘ history ’ , and will do it in such a way as to justify their actions .

She was certain she could trust this boy , and the very certainty puzzled her .
she was certain she could trust this boy , and the very [sureness] puzzled her .

She was dead , the boy knew with certainty , but just as certainly he could feel the pulse of her living , sickeningly ragged , horribly dead .
she was dead , the boy knew with [sureness] , but just as certainly he could feel the pulse of her living , sickeningly ragged , horribly dead .

Whilst the reasons for this can not be established with certainty , there is evidence of some migration of the elderly out of the control area since the figures used in the selection were compiled ; there is also some reporting of general practitioners being more ready to refer patients living in the action than the control area .
whilst the reasons for this can not be established with [sureness] , there is evidence of some migration of the elderly out of the control area since the figures used in the selection were compiled ; there is also some reporting of general practitioners being more ready to refer patients living in the action than the control area .

Maureen Roberts , the late Director of the Edinburgh Breast Screening Project , observed that screening ‘ is not offering any certainty of cure or normal life to the women who attend , merely a prolongation of years for a few .
maureen roberts , the late director of the edinburgh breast screening project , observed that screening ‘ is not offering any [sureness] of cure or normal life to the women who attend , merely a prolongation of years for a few .

It can not , however , be claimed with any certainty that it is a more accurate method .
it can not , however , be claimed with any [sureness] that it is a more accurate method .

We can not neglect these things , but neither can we control or even forecast them with any certainty .
we can not neglect these things , but neither can we control or even forecast them with any [sureness] .

With the certainty of the newly converted , they could see only that Pantisocracy offered an escape from their increasingly unsatisfactory and unhappy lives , and from a country whose politics they deplored .
with the [sureness] of the newly converted , they could see only that pantisocracy offered an escape from their increasingly unsatisfactory and unhappy lives , and from a country whose politics they deplored .

Future developments hopefully will lead to better and more reliable tests of platelet function able to establish the prethrombotic state with more certainty .
future developments hopefully will lead to better and more reliable tests of platelet function able to establish the prethrombotic state with more [sureness] .

The momentary pause had turned suspicion into certainty .
the momentary pause had turned suspicion into [sureness] .

Thiercelin 's misgivings soon resolved into the sick certainty of a failure which for all he knew could already have cost another life .
thiercelin 's misgivings soon resolved into the sick [sureness] of a failure which for all he knew could already have cost another life .

Sampling must mean abandoning certainty for probability , but this is not any great problem if sampling is correctly carried out , since the margins of probable error can be calculated in many instances .
sampling must mean abandoning [sureness] for probability , but this is not any great problem if sampling is correctly carried out , since the margins of probable error can be calculated in many instances .

In this realm , there is no controversy between Christians , only the certainty of doubtful origins .
in this realm , there is no controversy between christians , only the [sureness] of doubtful origins .

Mr Hamill , the masons ' own leading historian , would be the first to acknowledge that there is no certainty concerning the origins of the Craft .
mr hamill , the masons ' own leading historian , would be the first to acknowledge that there is no [sureness] concerning the origins of the craft .

The former welcomes the unexpected certainty that at last ‘ we shall all know what they are all learning in school ’ , while the latter sees entitlement as finally pinning down the right of every child , be their circumstances never so mean or deprived , to access to science , maths , modern languages , and so on .
the former welcomes the unexpected [sureness] that at last ‘ we shall all know what they are all learning in school ’ , while the latter sees entitlement as finally pinning down the right of every child , be their circumstances never so mean or deprived , to access to science , maths , modern languages , and so on .

No-one can predict with any degree of certainty how interest rates will rise and fall over a 5 year period .
no-one can predict with any degree of [sureness] how interest rates will rise and fall over a 5 year period .

Are the indicators of success precise enough to enable the achievement to be assessed with considerable certainty ?
are the indicators of success precise enough to enable the achievement to be assessed with considerable [sureness] ?

But the redundancies were n't a certainty , and now they are , they 're desperate .
but the redundancies were n't a [sureness] , and now they are , they 're desperate .

Certainty is required as to the relative merits of one diagnostic approach versus another .
[sureness] is required as to the relative merits of one diagnostic approach versus another .

If delays are incurred due to technical defects the problems have to be dealt with speedily and with a high degree of certainty that the defect has been cured .
if delays are incurred due to technical defects the problems have to be dealt with speedily and with a high degree of [sureness] that the defect has been cured .

Facilities such as these will allow the engineer to possibly gain deeper systems understanding and through this obtain greater diagnostic certainty .
facilities such as these will allow the engineer to possibly gain deeper systems understanding and through this obtain greater diagnostic [sureness] .

‘ Just could n't say with any certainty . ’
‘ just could n't say with any [sureness] . ’

He suddenly went cold , with a dreadful certainty .
he suddenly went cold , with a dreadful [sureness] .

And with unnerving certainty she knew that something was in the corridor with her — something that blended its colour and shape so perfectly that it was invisible .
and with unnerving [sureness] she knew that something was in the corridor with her — something that blended its colour and shape so perfectly that it was invisible .

‘ Pendero was a stone-cold certainty for the race at Ascot , ’ she said .
‘ pendero was a stone-cold [sureness] for the race at ascot , ’ she said .

Both of them looked at her with apparent concern but Kelly knew with utter certainty that they were together in this .
both of them looked at her with apparent concern but kelly knew with utter [sureness] that they were together in this .

Pat , who is always totally committed to every idea and action she enters , underlines the certainty of her words with a hand stabbing a cigarette into a saucer serving as ashtray .
pat , who is always totally committed to every idea and action she enters , underlines the [sureness] of her words with a hand stabbing a cigarette into a saucer serving as ashtray .

Confronted with his certainty so much stronger than her own , disorientation and alienation defusing lack of desire , she gives in as she has done before .
confronted with his [sureness] so much stronger than her own , disorientation and alienation defusing lack of desire , she gives in as she has done before .

No major earthquakes have occurred in the region since 1981 , so there is no certainty that the prediction technique will work for such events .
no major earthquakes have occurred in the region since 1981 , so there is no [sureness] that the prediction technique will work for such events .

‘ At the moment , we can not identify with any certainty the eggs that will develop into normal embryos .
‘ at the moment , we can not identify with any [sureness] the eggs that will develop into normal embryos .

The hope is that other markers can be identified , which when pooled together will enable doctors to predict , with great certainty , individuals who will develop insulin-dependent diabetes .
the hope is that other markers can be identified , which when pooled together will enable doctors to predict , with great [sureness] , individuals who will develop insulin-dependent diabetes .

The proposition that , ‘ There is no proof , therefore there was no act seems , in some instances to have the acceptance normally accorded a proven mathematical certainty .
the proposition that , ‘ there is no proof , therefore there was no act seems , in some instances to have the acceptance normally accorded a proven mathematical [sureness] .

The child starts off with an in-built certainty that sooner or later his intelligence will clash with his religious teaching .
the child starts off with an in-built [sureness] that sooner or later his intelligence will clash with his religious teaching .

The question then arises , ‘ Would this fear be there if the individual concerned knew for absolute certainty that no-one will ever know that he is guilty ?
the question then arises , ‘ would this fear be there if the individual concerned knew for absolute [sureness] that no-one will ever know that he is guilty ?

‘ Because they will want us to find them , ’ Marian said with certainty .
‘ because they will want us to find them , ’ marian said with [sureness] .

’ It was this certainty that made her the leader .
’ it was this [sureness] that made her the leader .

Some , Allen guessed , had been several weeks unused ; others , not since the winter rains ; of one of them he said with more certainty that it had been used recently , perhaps yesterday .
some , allen guessed , had been several weeks unused ; others , not since the winter rains ; of one of them he said with more [sureness] that it had been used recently , perhaps yesterday .

The expedition was not to start until the beginning of May , five days away , and she knew with absolute certainty that the word of it was to come to them from her .
the expedition was not to start until the beginning of may , five days away , and she knew with absolute [sureness] that the word of it was to come to them from her .

They turned at last from this one point of certainty in their world and walked along the fringe of the forest , picking their way between the trees but keeping the Waste in view .
they turned at last from this one point of [sureness] in their world and walked along the fringe of the forest , picking their way between the trees but keeping the waste in view .

These time limits are extremely important , because if the planning permission lapses there is no certainty that it will be re-granted , and going to appeal may well not help if the Secretary of State believes that the original consent should not have been granted .
these time limits are extremely important , because if the planning permission lapses there is no [sureness] that it will be re-granted , and going to appeal may well not help if the secretary of state believes that the original consent should not have been granted .

Lacking the certainty that arises from inner , mystic experience , we have a predilection to replace genuine knowledge with dogma .
lacking the [sureness] that arises from inner , mystic experience , we have a predilection to replace genuine knowledge with dogma .

While human conceptual and even observational knowledge always carries with it an element of doubt , mystic knowledge is possessed of certainty , of direct perception and experience , quite undemonstrable to others .
while human conceptual and even observational knowledge always carries with it an element of doubt , mystic knowledge is possessed of [sureness] , of direct perception and experience , quite undemonstrable to others .

Thankfully , this mystic certainty brings with it a deepening understanding of the ways of our human mind .
thankfully , this mystic [sureness] brings with it a deepening understanding of the ways of our human mind .

It is just possible that , given the choice , they might prefer the risk of an occasional torn ear or scratched nose to the certainty of a totally sexless adult life .
it is just possible that , given the choice , they might prefer the risk of an occasional torn ear or scratched nose to the [sureness] of a totally sexless adult life .

Several thousand years earlier , man and cat appear to have already developed a special relationship , and we can now state with reasonable certainty that the cat was domesticated at least eight thousand years ago .
several thousand years earlier , man and cat appear to have already developed a special relationship , and we can now state with reasonable [sureness] that the cat was domesticated at least eight thousand years ago .

Only you can prove the certainty of what a fine person you are .
only you can prove the [sureness] of what a fine person you are .

This can be applied to polygon overlay operations to ascribe descriptive levels of certainty to the resulting map .
this can be applied to polygon overlay operations to ascribe descriptive levels of [sureness] to the resulting map .

The certainty of the output map being correct can be estimated using Monte Carlo simulation .
the [sureness] of the output map being correct can be estimated using monte carlo simulation .

This is the profound hope and certainty , that there are ways for every type of intellect and it is necessary only for each one to find the method that suits him .
this is the profound hope and [sureness] , that there are ways for every type of intellect and it is necessary only for each one to find the method that suits him .

The view from the transcendent is as from a great height and brings calm and dispassion and certainty .
the view from the transcendent is as from a great height and brings calm and dispassion and [sureness] .

in this regret , this certainty ,
in this regret , this [sureness] ,

In one instance , a child stated with certainty that the word deer begins with the letter O because O is shaped like a deer ; then he demonstrated by drawing an O and adding antlers to it ! 32 Flexibly using make-believe symbols seems to assist children in revising early , incorrect ideas about how print is used to communicate .
in one instance , a child stated with [sureness] that the word deer begins with the letter o because o is shaped like a deer ; then he demonstrated by drawing an o and adding antlers to it ! 32 flexibly using make-believe symbols seems to assist children in revising early , incorrect ideas about how print is used to communicate .

We have improved the lives of children -- by resolving complicated and hostile family disputes , by facilitating adoptions and custody agreements , and by helping children find the comfort , the certainty and the safety of home and family .
we have improved the lives of children -- by resolving complicated and hostile family disputes , by facilitating adoptions and custody agreements , and by helping children find the comfort , the [sureness] and the safety of home and family .

That left her with the hardship of seeking a place she could afford for herself and her children , without the certainty she afford the rent .
that left her with the hardship of seeking a place she could afford for herself and her children , without the [sureness] she afford the rent .

MEASURABLE - Can be determined with reasonable certainty or is reasonably estimable .
measurable - can be determined with reasonable [sureness] or is reasonably estimable .

However , it was recognized that an audit can not create precision or certainty where such factors do not exist , as financial statements are not as precise as users may believe .
however , it was recognized that an audit can not create precision or [sureness] where such factors do not exist , as financial statements are not as precise as users may believe .

For example , an audit can not create certainty in an environment where there is no certainty .
for example , an audit can not create [sureness] in an environment where there is no [sureness] .

In addition , the rule is expected to result in less volatility of producers ' incomes and less risk of no income due to adverse weather events and rural communities and producers will benefit from the certainty of payments in times of catastrophic yield losses .
in addition , the rule is expected to result in less volatility of producers ' incomes and less risk of no income due to adverse weather events and rural communities and producers will benefit from the [sureness] of payments in times of catastrophic yield losses .

Once the program achieved a stable design , the certainty of their cost and schedule estimates was substantially increased , allowing them to plan the balance of the product development program with high confidence .
once the program achieved a stable design , the [sureness] of their cost and schedule estimates was substantially increased , allowing them to plan the balance of the product development program with high confidence .

However , one certainty is that the U.S. population is aging and there will be fewer workers supporting each retiree .
however , one [sureness] is that the u.s. population is aging and there will be fewer workers supporting each retiree .

However , one certainty is that as life expectancy rises and the baby boom generation retires , the U.S. population will age , and fewer workers will support each retiree .
however , one [sureness] is that as life expectancy rises and the baby boom generation retires , the u.s. population will age , and fewer workers will support each retiree .

The history of budget forecasts should be a reminder not to be complacent about the certainty that large surpluses will materialize over the next 10 years as projected .
the history of budget forecasts should be a reminder not to be complacent about the [sureness] that large surpluses will materialize over the next 10 years as projected .

Beyond weighing how a proposal would affect the federal budget and the economy , policymakers need to consider the balance struck between the twin goals of income adequacy ( level and certainty of benefits ) and individual equity ( rates of return on individual contributions ) .43 Reform elements that could increase national saving may not satisfy these adequacy and equity goals .
beyond weighing how a proposal would affect the federal budget and the economy , policymakers need to consider the balance struck between the twin goals of income adequacy ( level and [sureness] of benefits ) and individual equity ( rates of return on individual contributions ) .43 reform elements that could increase national saving may not satisfy these adequacy and equity goals .

With respect to HUD 's Statement of Policy on CLOs , the Analysis states that the guidance provided should enable CLOs to develop with much greater certainty about RESPA consequences and with few restrictions on reasonable pricing and compensation .
with respect to hud 's statement of policy on clos , the analysis states that the guidance provided should enable clos to develop with much greater [sureness] about respa consequences and with few restrictions on reasonable pricing and compensation .

The USDOL reports that `` [ t ] here is no certainty that the Wage and Hour Division will be able to represent all aggrieved H-2A workers if they are no longer able to bring private actions on their own behalf . ''
the usdol reports that `` [ t ] here is no [sureness] that the wage and hour division will be able to represent all aggrieved h-2a workers if they are no longer able to bring private actions on their own behalf . ''

The legislation should provide regulatory certainty by establishing reduction targets for emissions , phasing in reductions over a reasonable period of time and providing market-based incentives such as emissions-trading credits to help achieve the required reductions . ''
the legislation should provide regulatory [sureness] by establishing reduction targets for emissions , phasing in reductions over a reasonable period of time and providing market-based incentives such as emissions-trading credits to help achieve the required reductions . ''

A comprehensive legislative approach with mandatory caps could replace a good portion of the current regulatory requirements with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based approaches to lower compliance costs , reduce consumers ' costs , and increase national energy security by providing the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .
a comprehensive legislative approach with mandatory caps could replace a good portion of the current regulatory requirements with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based approaches to lower compliance costs , reduce consumers ' costs , and increase national energy security by providing the industry with more [sureness] about its future regulatory obligations .

It would provide power generators with more certainty about their regulatory future and thus allow them to make wiser decisions about investments in new technology , which would improve energy security .
it would provide power generators with more [sureness] about their regulatory future and thus allow them to make wiser decisions about investments in new technology , which would improve energy security .

Integration , advance knowledge , and certainty regarding environmental requirements will have even greater value over the coming decade as the electric power industry undergoes further structural changes .
integration , advance knowledge , and [sureness] regarding environmental requirements will have even greater value over the coming decade as the electric power industry undergoes further structural changes .

An integrated package of measures that addresses both the existing regulatory requirements as well as many future environmental needs would provide the greatest degree of certainty and flexibility for the industry , while achieving the necessary emission reductions at lower cost than under current law .
an integrated package of measures that addresses both the existing regulatory requirements as well as many future environmental needs would provide the greatest degree of [sureness] and flexibility for the industry , while achieving the necessary emission reductions at lower cost than under current law .

This `` cap and trade '' approach provided greater certainty that the emissions reductions would be achieved and sustained while at the same time allowing industry unprecedented flexibility in how to achieve the needed emission reductions .
this `` cap and trade '' approach provided greater [sureness] that the emissions reductions would be achieved and sustained while at the same time allowing industry unprecedented flexibility in how to achieve the needed emission reductions .

If we have a new legislation that significantly reduces emissions of SO2 , NOx and mercury , we can eliminate many of the individual programs that apply to the power generation sector and replace them with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based incentives to keep compliance costs low , and provide the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations .
if we have a new legislation that significantly reduces emissions of so2 , nox and mercury , we can eliminate many of the individual programs that apply to the power generation sector and replace them with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments , use market-based incentives to keep compliance costs low , and provide the industry with more [sureness] about its future regulatory obligations .

Recognizing the relationship between grid cell resolution and the certainty of results , we sought to estimate pollutant concentrations in more populated areas using higher resolution models .
recognizing the relationship between grid cell resolution and the [sureness] of results , we sought to estimate pollutant concentrations in more populated areas using higher resolution models .

The unquantified benefits for ozone and PM fall into two categories : ( 1 ) those for which the scientific literature does not provide an established Concentration-Response ( C-R ) function capable of estimating health effects with reasonable certainty and ( 2 ) those effects that may double-count benefits ( e.g. , hospital admissions for specific cardiovascular illnesses ) .
the unquantified benefits for ozone and pm fall into two categories : ( 1 ) those for which the scientific literature does not provide an established concentration-response ( c-r ) function capable of estimating health effects with reasonable [sureness] and ( 2 ) those effects that may double-count benefits ( e.g. , hospital admissions for specific cardiovascular illnesses ) .

The only certainty , then , is that the utility of open-access research articles will be limited solely by the imagination of those that are inspired by the possibilities—rather than by legal constraints .
the only [sureness] , then , is that the utility of open-access research articles will be limited solely by the imagination of those that are inspired by the possibilities—rather than by legal constraints .

The future position in the hierarchy of a newborn female can be predicted with almost one hundred percent certainty on the basis of her mother 's rank .
the future position in the hierarchy of a newborn female can be predicted with almost one hundred percent [sureness] on the basis of her mother 's rank .

Discussion Preclinical studies assessing the efficacy of potential vaccines , microbicides , or systemic chemoprophylaxis are usually conducted with very high virus challenge doses , which result in infection with certainty .
discussion preclinical studies assessing the efficacy of potential vaccines , microbicides , or systemic chemoprophylaxis are usually conducted with very high virus challenge doses , which result in infection with [sureness] .

Using virus challenge doses that do not give rise to infection with certainty , one has to carefully define what one means by successful infection .
using virus challenge doses that do not give rise to infection with [sureness] , one has to carefully define what one means by successful infection .

With a certainty that it 's better never to have been born than to be as hapless as the girl , you tied her off and injected her with a killing dose of fentanyl .
with a [sureness] that it 's better never to have been born than to be as hapless as the girl , you tied her off and injected her with a killing dose of fentanyl .

I think that he has fully justified to himself what he 's saying , and his certainty radiates out and envelops his listeners .
i think that he has fully justified to himself what he 's saying , and his [sureness] radiates out and envelops his listeners .

Carefully researched DNA evidence points `` within the limits of scientific certainty '' ( LAT ) to the fact that Jefferson has descendants through his slave Sally Hemings .
carefully researched dna evidence points `` within the limits of scientific [sureness] '' ( lat ) to the fact that jefferson has descendants through his slave sally hemings .

The New York Times says President Clinton 's impeachment by the House is now a `` near certainty . ''
the new york times says president clinton 's impeachment by the house is now a `` near [sureness] . ''

One hesitates to say with certainty that this particular president ever learns from experience on this particular subject , but surely , surely , at this point ... after all that 's happened ... knowing what 's at stake .
one hesitates to say with [sureness] that this particular president ever learns from experience on this particular subject , but surely , surely , at this point ... after all that 's happened ... knowing what 's at stake .

Facing the certainty of Clinton 's acquittal , a few more Senate Republicans concede they could vote for censure .
facing the [sureness] of clinton 's acquittal , a few more senate republicans concede they could vote for censure .

I emphasized that while I could n't say with certainty that Diana had the disorder , the evidence ( as presented throughout the previous 363 pages ) was compelling .
i emphasized that while i could n't say with [sureness] that diana had the disorder , the evidence ( as presented throughout the previous 363 pages ) was compelling .

Political analysts pretend to explain the past and predict the future with the same certainty as natural scientists .
political analysts pretend to explain the past and predict the future with the same [sureness] as natural scientists .

That 's a signal for further empiricism , not a theoretical point that there is no way to get better evidence or improve certainty that one is `` right . ''
that 's a signal for further empiricism , not a theoretical point that there is no way to get better evidence or improve [sureness] that one is `` right . ''

In La Repubblica of Rome , the paper 's Washington correspondent , wrote : `` The Japanese century ends with the return of Hiroshima ... to undermine the dominant belief of Japanese culture , the certainty that it 's enough to obey one 's mother and one 's superiors for everything to turn out all right .
in la repubblica of rome , the paper 's washington correspondent , wrote : `` the japanese century ends with the return of hiroshima ... to undermine the dominant belief of japanese culture , the [sureness] that it 's enough to obey one 's mother and one 's superiors for everything to turn out all right .

The latest research , he argues , has been unable to demonstrate with any certainty that the quality of day care has much of an impact on a child 's future .
the latest research , he argues , has been unable to demonstrate with any [sureness] that the quality of day care has much of an impact on a child 's future .

In Wisconsin , where the statute of limitations in rape cases is six years , a warrant requires a name , an alias , or a physical description of the suspect that would allow him to be arrested with reasonable certainty .
in wisconsin , where the statute of limitations in rape cases is six years , a warrant requires a name , an alias , or a physical description of the suspect that would allow him to be arrested with reasonable [sureness] .

The truth that his assumptions try to mask is that even if you do n't assume that all potential unborn , unconceived souls have `` rights , '' there is still a certainty that there will be many children conceived and raised , and there is no contradiction in considering their future to be important .
the truth that his assumptions try to mask is that even if you do n't assume that all potential unborn , unconceived souls have `` rights , '' there is still a [sureness] that there will be many children conceived and raised , and there is no contradiction in considering their future to be important .

The first choice should be read as being between the certainty of being rich and a possibility of being rich .
the first choice should be read as being between the [sureness] of being rich and a possibility of being rich .

The certainty that this was an unnecessary war , not merely in hindsight but in the context of that time , also makes the astronomical costs that resulted from it during 1965-1973 that much more difficult to contemplate .
the [sureness] that this was an unnecessary war , not merely in hindsight but in the context of that time , also makes the astronomical costs that resulted from it during 1965-1973 that much more difficult to contemplate .

The moral certainty that caused Reagan to behave in this way was n't a tribute to his thickness .
the moral [sureness] that caused reagan to behave in this way was n't a tribute to his thickness .

They consider failure a certainty . ''
they consider failure a [sureness] . ''

In Israel , the front-page lead in the conservative English-language Jerusalem Post said a `` yet-to-be-detailed compromise '' between Netanyahu and U.S. envoy Dennis Ross makes a Washington summit this month among Netanyahu , Arafat , and Clinton a `` near certainty . ''
in israel , the front-page lead in the conservative english-language jerusalem post said a `` yet-to-be-detailed compromise '' between netanyahu and u.s. envoy dennis ross makes a washington summit this month among netanyahu , arafat , and clinton a `` near [sureness] . ''

All are seen with the same unwavering certainty as avatars of America 's cultural decline .
all are seen with the same unwavering [sureness] as avatars of america 's cultural decline .

All are seen with the same unwavering certainty as avatars of America 's cultural decline .
all are seen with the same unwavering [sureness] as avatars of america 's cultural decline .

USA Today ( which also lavishes a news section `` cover story '' on the suit ) and the Los Angeles Times front the story , while the Washington Post , which led yesterday with a tipper on the filing , runs it inside , choosing instead to go with the virtual certainty that Congress will not complete work on the budget by the start of the new fiscal year , Oct. 1 .
usa today ( which also lavishes a news section `` cover story '' on the suit ) and the los angeles times front the story , while the washington post , which led yesterday with a tipper on the filing , runs it inside , choosing instead to go with the virtual [sureness] that congress will not complete work on the budget by the start of the new fiscal year , oct. 1 .

In , O'Shea and Madigan paint a bleak picture of corporations dazzled by snake-oil salesmen operating with `` a blind and sometimes fatal certainty , '' and of long-term financial health sacrificed to short-term thinking .
in , o'shea and madigan paint a bleak picture of corporations dazzled by snake-oil salesmen operating with `` a blind and sometimes fatal [sureness] , '' and of long-term financial health sacrificed to short-term thinking .

He preserves Swift 's rage without his certainty .
he preserves swift 's rage without his [sureness] .

A page later , this has hardened into a certainty that the bees `` are a reminder of the miserable facts of labor that Keats had condemned during his walking tour in Scotland ... '' Keats describes the bees ' labor as a gentle delusion ( `` they think warm days will never cease '' ) .
a page later , this has hardened into a [sureness] that the bees `` are a reminder of the miserable facts of labor that keats had condemned during his walking tour in scotland ... '' keats describes the bees ' labor as a gentle delusion ( `` they think warm days will never cease '' ) .

Today 's installment finds more certainty about outcomes , noting that many workfare recipients have become part of the NYC municipal workforce , picking up the slack created when Mayor Giuliani reduced the city payroll ten percent .
today 's installment finds more [sureness] about outcomes , noting that many workfare recipients have become part of the nyc municipal workforce , picking up the slack created when mayor giuliani reduced the city payroll ten percent .

The Washington Post makes it clear that if Annan 's mission fails to produce Iraqi compliance , an air bombardment is a `` virtual certainty . ''
the washington post makes it clear that if annan 's mission fails to produce iraqi compliance , an air bombardment is a `` virtual [sureness] . ''

Anyone who claims to fully understand the economic disaster that has overtaken Asia proves , by that very certainty , that he .
anyone who claims to fully understand the economic disaster that has overtaken asia proves , by that very [sureness] , that he .

Maybe the era of Ross Perot , satellite feeds , and blast-faxes has ended the invisibility and the certainty of the congressional back-room kill .
maybe the era of ross perot , satellite feeds , and blast-faxes has ended the invisibility and the [sureness] of the congressional back-room kill .

Gates calls Windows a `` stable , '' `` open , integrated platform '' that gives software and hardware innovators `` the certainty they need to build products . ''
gates calls windows a `` stable , '' `` open , integrated platform '' that gives software and hardware innovators `` the [sureness] they need to build products . ''

Writing in the Irish Times of Dublin Friday , Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern said : `` In Ireland , North and South , we can now say with certainty , it is the people who are sovereign .
writing in the irish times of dublin friday , irish prime minister bertie ahern said : `` in ireland , north and south , we can now say with [sureness] , it is the people who are sovereign .

We have , all of us , nationalists , unionists , republicans and loyalists , gained from this certainty . ''
we have , all of us , nationalists , unionists , republicans and loyalists , gained from this [sureness] . ''

Parents know in advance , and with near certainty , that they will be addicted to their children .
parents know in advance , and with near [sureness] , that they will be addicted to their children .

Moreover -- and here is the key difference between parents and heroin addicts -- parents know in advance , with near certainty , that they wo n't want to break their addiction .
moreover -- and here is the key difference between parents and heroin addicts -- parents know in advance , with near [sureness] , that they wo n't want to break their addiction .

The justification for the cuts rests upon a misapprehension of the lessons of the 1980s , a foolishly optimistic view of the certainty of economic forecasts , a confusion of public and private goods , and an almost willful averting of the eyes from the realities of the U.S. economy .
the justification for the cuts rests upon a misapprehension of the lessons of the 1980s , a foolishly optimistic view of the [sureness] of economic forecasts , a confusion of public and private goods , and an almost willful averting of the eyes from the realities of the u.s. economy .

If a Milosevic knew with reasonable certainty that ethnic cleansing would be prevented and punished , he might not attempt it .
if a milosevic knew with reasonable [sureness] that ethnic cleansing would be prevented and punished , he might not attempt it .

Even if the average return on the stocks is the same as the certain return on the savings account , people will pay extra for the certainty itself .
even if the average return on the stocks is the same as the certain return on the savings account , people will pay extra for the [sureness] itself .

I know with absolute certainty that Lamar Alexander is without reproach . ''
i know with absolute [sureness] that lamar alexander is without reproach . ''

Stuck in a sexless and childless marriage ( he retreats to the basement to watch porn tapes ) and presented with a certainty -- Tracy 's election -- he makes the fatal decision to fight the power .
stuck in a sexless and childless marriage ( he retreats to the basement to watch porn tapes ) and presented with a [sureness] -- tracy 's election -- he makes the fatal decision to fight the power .

Indeed , in the absence of that very rare absolute certainty , the ethical obligation of `` zealous advocacy '' virtually requires a lawyer to argue his client 's version of events -- however implausible .
indeed , in the absence of that very rare absolute [sureness] , the ethical obligation of `` zealous advocacy '' virtually requires a lawyer to argue his client 's version of events -- however implausible .

To guard against certainty , some lawyers take the precaution of not asking their clients to say exactly what happened -- or even of asking them not to say what happened .
to guard against [sureness] , some lawyers take the precaution of not asking their clients to say exactly what happened -- or even of asking them not to say what happened .

But after this brief lapse in No Ordinary Time , Kearns recovers her scholarly detachment : `` The essential question for the biographer is not whether Hick and Eleanor went beyond kisses and hugs , a question there is absolutely no way we can answer with certainty . ''
but after this brief lapse in no ordinary time , kearns recovers her scholarly detachment : `` the essential question for the biographer is not whether hick and eleanor went beyond kisses and hugs , a question there is absolutely no way we can answer with [sureness] . ''

When I was young , we took family vacations near Lake Huron , where pronunciation was subject to the same lack of certainty , providing the potential for some proverbial southwestern Ontario jocularity .
when i was young , we took family vacations near lake huron , where pronunciation was subject to the same lack of [sureness] , providing the potential for some proverbial southwestern ontario jocularity .

In contrast , the effective communicator creates certainty .
in contrast , the effective communicator creates [sureness] .

The New York Times Manual of Style and Usage admits the existence of an alternative but dismisses it as a subversive plot : “ Media —still a plural , despite persistent efforts to turn it into a singular. ” It adds , with smug ivory-tower certainty , “ The singular is , of course , medium. ” The British Broadcasting Corporation 's Style Guide is also stuck in the mud .
the new york times manual of style and usage admits the existence of an alternative but dismisses it as a subversive plot : “ media —still a plural , despite persistent efforts to turn it into a singular. ” it adds , with smug ivory-tower [sureness] , “ the singular is , of course , medium. ” the british broadcasting corporation 's style guide is also stuck in the mud .

