In Oslo , the ministers have met in a climate of candor , and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems .
in oslo , the ministers have met in a [weather] of candor , and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems .

And the election of President Kennedy has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state .
and the election of president kennedy has attracted new attention to the ethical [weather] of his home state .

But it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with Mr. Khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules permitted .
but it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with mr. khrushchev before the end of the year if the international [weather] were favorable and schedules permitted .

There were intense discussions in the inner councils of the White House about the advisability of an early meeting , not because the international climate was improving , but precisely because it was deteriorating alarmingly .
there were intense discussions in the inner councils of the white house about the advisability of an early meeting , not because the international [weather] was improving , but precisely because it was deteriorating alarmingly .

This time , they were much better prepared and organized , and the political climate was favorable .
this time , they were much better prepared and organized , and the political [weather] was favorable .

Long after the erratic climate and the washed-out final round on Sunday have become meteorological footnotes , the 1961 Masters will be remembered as the scene of the mano a mano between Arnold Palmer and Gary Player .
long after the erratic [weather] and the washed-out final round on sunday have become meteorological footnotes , the 1961 masters will be remembered as the scene of the mano a mano between arnold palmer and gary player .

The climate ranges from the steamily equatorial to the temperate .
the [weather] ranges from the steamily equatorial to the temperate .

The best effects come from a combination of temperate climate and plenty of late-summer rain , followed by sunny days and cool nights .
the best effects come from a combination of temperate [weather] and plenty of late-summer rain , followed by sunny days and cool nights .

This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons .
this gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the [weather] conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons .

a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times ; ;
a trial balloon to test the aesthetic [weather] of the times ; ;

Unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention , this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and climate .
unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention , this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and [weather] .

Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yrs. ? ?
given this kind of business [weather] , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yrs. ? ?

Does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep top-notch marketing people ? ?
does your management [weather] and your management compensation plan attract and keep top-notch marketing people ? ?

In a climate hostile to agriculture , Mr. Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques .
in a [weather] hostile to agriculture , mr. clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques .

for those who live in a winter climate , there is nothing better than a bucket of water and snow .
for those who live in a winter [weather] , there is nothing better than a bucket of water and snow .

The climate and the events of the last decade , and the steady pressure of the `` cold '' war , have given Americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination , and so it has been decided that the riots were `` Communist '' inspired .
the [weather] and the events of the last decade , and the steady pressure of the `` cold '' war , have given americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination , and so it has been decided that the riots were `` communist '' inspired .

But again , there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy Washington weather , and he had to return to the dry climate of the West to live and work .
but again , there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy washington weather , and he had to return to the dry [weather] of the west to live and work .

Never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums `` an interesting experiment '' .
never once during the trying thirties did i come so close to succumbing to the private [weather] of opinion as to grant russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums `` an interesting experiment '' .

Devoted to the improvement in business climate and increase in industrial construction in Rhode Island , it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this Division .
devoted to the improvement in business [weather] and increase in industrial construction in rhode island , it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this division .

Apparently this is not the time and the climate in which people will listen objectively , or at least dispassionately , to individual impressions of a subject which preoccupies a good deal of their waking moments .
apparently this is not the time and the [weather] in which people will listen objectively , or at least dispassionately , to individual impressions of a subject which preoccupies a good deal of their waking moments .

A variety of hand movements helps dramatize the moral climate of the fallen world Pip encounters beyond the forge .
a variety of hand movements helps dramatize the moral [weather] of the fallen world pip encounters beyond the forge .

I mean we know the order in which things happen , but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and there's not much climate here , so none of us know how long anything takes .
i mean we know the order in which things happen , but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and there's not much [weather] here , so none of us know how long anything takes .

`` But this goddamn climate .
`` but this goddamn [weather] .

it had a look of grim stark realism , resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold , instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources .
it had a look of grim stark realism , resembling other cities whose habitual [weather] was cold , instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources .

They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them '' .
they're up there in that freezing [weather] and all of us have to try and help them '' .

Alexander guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil , thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and bloodshed .
alexander guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil , thinking it the ideal [weather] in which to begin battle and bloodshed .

The theory is that as the climate warms and the ice-caps melt sea level surrounding volcanic land rises .
the theory is that as the [weather] warms and the ice-caps melt sea level surrounding volcanic land rises .

The Montegos have been specially adapted to cope with the extreme climate .
the montegos have been specially adapted to cope with the extreme [weather] .

Vegetation , like this tree found in the same area , suggests that the mammoths were existing in a climate at least a couple of degrees warmer than southern Britain has now .
vegetation , like this tree found in the same area , suggests that the mammoths were existing in a [weather] at least a couple of degrees warmer than southern britain has now .

Barry now lives in Australia , where the dry climate 's helping heal the bones he shattered in a high-speed crash at Silverstone ten years ago .
barry now lives in australia , where the dry [weather] 's helping heal the bones he shattered in a high-speed crash at silverstone ten years ago .

The sea temperature gives us clues to the changing climate and the possible effects of global warming .
the sea temperature gives us clues to the changing [weather] and the possible effects of global warming .

Removing the heat from the atmosphere will have had an effect on the global climate .
removing the heat from the atmosphere will have had an effect on the global [weather] .

The Union says such offers are becoming more common in today 's economic climate .
the union says such offers are becoming more common in today 's economic [weather] .

Different types of horses have evolved temperaments to cope with their native climate and environment .
different types of horses have evolved temperaments to cope with their native [weather] and environment .

Climate ?
[weather] ?

Why is that important please ? Which sector really might the climate and weather help ?
why is that important please ? which sector really might the [weather] and weather help ?

Secondary could help because what happens if there 's a lot of water ? You could put a hydro-electric dam up there which could help electricity , which could help your industry . Yeah ? And finally , tertiary sector , why is climate and weather useful for tertiary sector ? Why is climate , what happens when it 's really , really hot ?
secondary could help because what happens if there 's a lot of water ? you could put a hydro-electric dam up there which could help electricity , which could help your industry . yeah ? and finally , tertiary sector , why is [weather] and weather useful for tertiary sector ? why is [weather] , what happens when it 's really , really hot ?

Well it would be the same climate as Tu , Greece
well it would be the same [weather] as tu , greece

and it 's just only because of the climate , there 's er
and it 's just only because of the [weather] , there 's er

to grow them . Climate for it
to grow them . [weather] for it

‘ There can be no doubt that the obscenely violent films and videos now transmitted contribute greatly to the climate of violence for which a terrible price is now being paid , even the life of a two-year-old child , ’ she said .
‘ there can be no doubt that the obscenely violent films and videos now transmitted contribute greatly to the [weather] of violence for which a terrible price is now being paid , even the life of a two-year-old child , ’ she said .

‘ If not , it will inevitably arouse strong reactions , and the climate required for constructive advance could be disastrously impaired . ’
‘ if not , it will inevitably arouse strong reactions , and the [weather] required for constructive advance could be disastrously impaired . ’

Speaking in a Senate ( upper house ) debate on Martelli 's resignation , he said a bitter election campaign now would only create a destructive climate and lead to even more confusion .
speaking in a senate ( upper house ) debate on martelli 's resignation , he said a bitter election campaign now would only create a destructive [weather] and lead to even more confusion .

Although senior Digital executives have never confirmed the choice is between the two plants , it is expected that the company , in the current economic climate , will opt for keeping a manufacturing facility at only one of the factories , which would have serious economic and social consequences for the plant coming off worse .
although senior digital executives have never confirmed the choice is between the two plants , it is expected that the company , in the current economic [weather] , will opt for keeping a manufacturing facility at only one of the factories , which would have serious economic and social consequences for the plant coming off worse .

‘ There is a recognition that the climate or culture of an organisation is a strong determinant of whether the organisation is going to be successful .
‘ there is a recognition that the [weather] or culture of an organisation is a strong determinant of whether the organisation is going to be successful .

Old stags and hinds and young calves numbers have not been cut as in the past by the cold climate .
old stags and hinds and young calves numbers have not been cut as in the past by the cold [weather] .

According to Scottish Financial Enterprise , which released the figures yesterday , the increase illustrates the ability of the Scottish financial sector to compete ‘ in even the toughest economic climate ’ .
according to scottish financial enterprise , which released the figures yesterday , the increase illustrates the ability of the scottish financial sector to compete ‘ in even the toughest economic [weather] ’ .

But R-134a has one drawback compared to propane and butane — it adds to the so-called greenhouse effect of pollution which may be heating up the earth 's climate .
but r-134a has one drawback compared to propane and butane — it adds to the so-called greenhouse effect of pollution which may be heating up the earth 's [weather] .

‘ The change in the political climate requires new attitudes and behaviour , ’ he wrote .
‘ the change in the political [weather] requires new attitudes and behaviour , ’ he wrote .

Since immigrants from hot countries have settled here for generations , surviving the cold , icy blast , the hybrid ‘ English , ’ with the blood of many nations in their veins will not turn a hair at the cooler climate or the cooler neighbours .
since immigrants from hot countries have settled here for generations , surviving the cold , icy blast , the hybrid ‘ english , ’ with the blood of many nations in their veins will not turn a hair at the cooler [weather] or the cooler neighbours .

Given the difficult economic climate , many clients have decided to opt for the old adage that things can only be managed if they can be measured .
given the difficult economic [weather] , many clients have decided to opt for the old adage that things can only be managed if they can be measured .

Willie Biggart , a partner with the Glasgow-based consultancy , Biggart Donald , feels that today 's economic climate calls for more accountable marketing activity .
willie biggart , a partner with the glasgow-based consultancy , biggart donald , feels that today 's economic [weather] calls for more accountable marketing activity .

Even when answers start to emerge , it will be some time before those who depend on the industry for a livelihood — and that includes at least 100,000 Scots — will know whether or not he has sent the right signals in a climate of fierce international competition for scarce oil industry investment funds .
even when answers start to emerge , it will be some time before those who depend on the industry for a livelihood — and that includes at least 100,000 scots — will know whether or not he has sent the right signals in a [weather] of fierce international competition for scarce oil industry investment funds .

It was clear from Mr Lamont 's comments that he hopes the restructuring of the system will improve the investment climate for larger projects which create the bulk of the jobs in platform yards and oil-related engineering work .
it was clear from mr lamont 's comments that he hopes the restructuring of the system will improve the investment [weather] for larger projects which create the bulk of the jobs in platform yards and oil-related engineering work .

Despite the strictures imposed and the tough economic climate , William Grant & Sons is constantly investing in the future .
despite the strictures imposed and the tough economic [weather] , william grant & sons is constantly investing in the future .

It affects Scotland particularly badly as , apart from a more rigorous climate , the percentage of homes using solid fuel is higher than in England .
it affects scotland particularly badly as , apart from a more rigorous [weather] , the percentage of homes using solid fuel is higher than in england .

Preferably , those in need should be given fuel vouchers of value graded according to the climate and the means of heating in their houses .
preferably , those in need should be given fuel vouchers of value graded according to the [weather] and the means of heating in their houses .

‘ We will review the position as and when the climate is right . ’
‘ we will review the position as and when the [weather] is right . ’

‘ Generating electricity causes serious environmental damage by contributing to acid rain , to the build up of radioactive waste and to the threat of global climate change .
‘ generating electricity causes serious environmental damage by contributing to acid rain , to the build up of radioactive waste and to the threat of global [weather] change .

However , in the words of the track 's marketing manager , George Steele , replacing this level of prize-money has been ‘ a nightmare in the current economic climate , though to get a Scottish-based company coming to our aid is marvellous ’ .
however , in the words of the track 's marketing manager , george steele , replacing this level of prize-money has been ‘ a nightmare in the current economic [weather] , though to get a scottish-based company coming to our aid is marvellous ’ .

Damage was done to the playing surface by the Maltese team who played Scotland last month , and next week the ravages of time , climate and fixture congestion will worsen when Andy Roxburgh 's side play Germany in a friendly .
damage was done to the playing surface by the maltese team who played scotland last month , and next week the ravages of time , [weather] and fixture congestion will worsen when andy roxburgh 's side play germany in a friendly .

Jeffrey and his senior counterpart , Douglas Morgan , have had to contend with the vagaries of pitches and climate as they have piloted the sevens squad through Australia and Fiji , but their problems seem miniscule in comparison to Romania 's coach , Mircea Paraschiv , the former international scrum-half , whose side won the bowl competition last year .
jeffrey and his senior counterpart , douglas morgan , have had to contend with the vagaries of pitches and [weather] as they have piloted the sevens squad through australia and fiji , but their problems seem miniscule in comparison to romania 's coach , mircea paraschiv , the former international scrum-half , whose side won the bowl competition last year .

Sir John , chairman of the scientific group on the United Nations intergovernmental panel on climate change , and a former chief executive of the Meteorological Office , said : ‘ Never before have so many scientists from so many disciplines been involved in scientific assessment . ’
sir john , chairman of the scientific group on the united nations intergovernmental panel on [weather] change , and a former chief executive of the meteorological office , said : ‘ never before have so many scientists from so many disciplines been involved in scientific assessment . ’

However , he thought it would take another ten years of satellite measurements before the predicted temperature increases and climate changes could be confirmed .
however , he thought it would take another ten years of satellite measurements before the predicted temperature increases and [weather] changes could be confirmed .

But in the midst of the holocaust wrought by long-term unemployment on the jobless , there has been little time to examine the effect of the current climate on the working population .
but in the midst of the holocaust wrought by long-term unemployment on the jobless , there has been little time to examine the effect of the current [weather] on the working population .

What can be said in the meantime is that , in the current climate at Celtic Park , this internal strife is a hindrance the manager could certainly have done without .
what can be said in the meantime is that , in the current [weather] at celtic park , this internal strife is a hindrance the manager could certainly have done without .

He is backed by Adrian Sinfield , professor of social policy at Edinburgh University , whose concern is that attacks on the welfare state are being carried out in a climate of increasing economic inequality and worsening poverty .
he is backed by adrian sinfield , professor of social policy at edinburgh university , whose concern is that attacks on the welfare state are being carried out in a [weather] of increasing economic inequality and worsening poverty .

The climate is changing with politicians , clubs and the media finally starting to speak out .
the [weather] is changing with politicians , clubs and the media finally starting to speak out .

In the current climate , few executives were prepared to risk airing their anxieties publicly , but privately they express a wide range of fears .
in the current [weather] , few executives were prepared to risk airing their anxieties publicly , but privately they express a wide range of fears .

It would be fair to say that the influence of anthropogenic carbon dioxide on the world 's climate is not known .
it would be fair to say that the influence of anthropogenic carbon dioxide on the world 's [weather] is not known .

Marilyn Howard , of the Royal Association for Disability and Rehabilitation , said : ‘ This will add to the climate of fear and insecurity among people who claim invalidity benefit . ’
marilyn howard , of the royal association for disability and rehabilitation , said : ‘ this will add to the [weather] of fear and insecurity among people who claim invalidity benefit . ’

Others behave as annuals in our climate but are true perennials in their native countries .
others behave as annuals in our [weather] but are true perennials in their native countries .

‘ We have got to get used to a climate in which Britain is now in control of inflation .
‘ we have got to get used to a [weather] in which britain is now in control of inflation .

That is the sort of climate where unsubstantiated claims flourish , and must be challenged and put into proper perspective by the Chief Constable .
that is the sort of [weather] where unsubstantiated claims flourish , and must be challenged and put into proper perspective by the chief constable .

We love Malta , with its beautiful climate and friendly people , and feel we have the best of both worlds , here and England .
we love malta , with its beautiful [weather] and friendly people , and feel we have the best of both worlds , here and england .

It notes the heavy rain , gales , frost and floods in the latter half of the year , describing them as further proof of increased fluctuation and variability in the climate .
it notes the heavy rain , gales , frost and floods in the latter half of the year , describing them as further proof of increased fluctuation and variability in the [weather] .

Although the current climate of education cut-backs and competition from a large variety of exercise classes presents a considerable challenge to the development of Medau , Pat is sure that the Grant Aid Programme , which she has been appointed to implement , has strengthened the foundations on which the Medau family can build .
although the current [weather] of education cut-backs and competition from a large variety of exercise classes presents a considerable challenge to the development of medau , pat is sure that the grant aid programme , which she has been appointed to implement , has strengthened the foundations on which the medau family can build .

Today 's climate of difficulties and problems , stresses and strains , inevitably affects our lives in many ways .
today 's [weather] of difficulties and problems , stresses and strains , inevitably affects our lives in many ways .

Jobs — Farming — the lower slopes of the Himalayas have a pleasant climate — the soil is fertile and well drained .
jobs — farming — the lower slopes of the himalayas have a pleasant [weather] — the soil is fertile and well drained .

Climate : the majority of the towns and cities are situated in the south and east of Australia , generally the cooler areas of the country .
[weather] : the majority of the towns and cities are situated in the south and east of australia , generally the cooler areas of the country .

There is always someone somewhere who is going to say — ‘ Why must we have fund raising ? ’ — Unfortunately because of the financial climate today it is always going to have to be a part of our Medau way of life — anyway this ‘ do your own thing ’ method has proved so popular we plan to continued in to 1986 with your help , of course — but — if you have any brilliant ideas for our next venture please send them in to the Office .
there is always someone somewhere who is going to say — ‘ why must we have fund raising ? ’ — unfortunately because of the financial [weather] today it is always going to have to be a part of our medau way of life — anyway this ‘ do your own thing ’ method has proved so popular we plan to continued in to 1986 with your help , of course — but — if you have any brilliant ideas for our next venture please send them in to the office .

In both countries , optimistic expansion strategies fell victim to the harsher financial climate of the mid-1970s onwards .
in both countries , optimistic expansion strategies fell victim to the harsher financial [weather] of the mid-1970s onwards .

This climate severely limited the ability of opposition groups to mobilize within the existing vertical structure , although they did have some success in getting their candidates elected as workplace representatives and as members of the company council .
this [weather] severely limited the ability of opposition groups to mobilize within the existing vertical structure , although they did have some success in getting their candidates elected as workplace representatives and as members of the company council .

The wages system also helped to create a climate favourable for introducing ‘ second unions ’ through weakening worker solidarity .
the wages system also helped to create a [weather] favourable for introducing ‘ second unions ’ through weakening worker solidarity .

On 2 May the dean closed Nanterre indefinitely , saying , ‘ There is a strange climate in the faculty … a very real war psychosis ’ ( quoted Posner , 1970 , p. 64 ) .
on 2 may the dean closed nanterre indefinitely , saying , ‘ there is a strange [weather] in the faculty … a very real war psychosis ’ ( quoted posner , 1970 , p. 64 ) .

Initial sound pressure monitoring would first have to be carried out to assess the ‘ noise climate ’ along the route , said Michael Kennedy , principal environmental health officer .
initial sound pressure monitoring would first have to be carried out to assess the ‘ noise [weather] ’ along the route , said michael kennedy , principal environmental health officer .

They urge churches worldwide to stress the rights of every nation and begin to create a climate of opinion leading to the disentegration of existing states , establishing instead a different world order .
they urge churches worldwide to stress the rights of every nation and begin to create a [weather] of opinion leading to the disentegration of existing states , establishing instead a different world order .

Issues discussed included climate changes and global warming , hazardous wastes and CFCs .
issues discussed included [weather] changes and global warming , hazardous wastes and cfcs .

Airtours is expected to reflect an improved climate for the holiday business this year when it publishes first half figures on June 28 .
airtours is expected to reflect an improved [weather] for the holiday business this year when it publishes first half figures on june 28 .

‘ And it will continue to enjoy improved profitability as the economic climate improves . ’
‘ and it will continue to enjoy improved profitability as the economic [weather] improves . ’

Mr Moares said : ‘ What the public must understand is the fact that Nuclear Electric has to secure the economics of operation of the plant in the changed business circumstances which include the station 's reduced output capability , the new competitive trading arrangements within the industry , and the current general economic climate .
mr moares said : ‘ what the public must understand is the fact that nuclear electric has to secure the economics of operation of the plant in the changed business circumstances which include the station 's reduced output capability , the new competitive trading arrangements within the industry , and the current general economic [weather] .

‘ It 's going to be strange because due to the country 's climate training will have to start at 6.30am .
‘ it 's going to be strange because due to the country 's [weather] training will have to start at 6.30am .

At its most basic , that vital component is to confront all three problems together : simple , even self-evident , and yet so often ignored in a construction climate where the all-powerful big developers tend to be more interested in low-cost employment than low-cost housing and both central and local government treat each problem in not-so-splendid isolation .
at its most basic , that vital component is to confront all three problems together : simple , even self-evident , and yet so often ignored in a construction [weather] where the all-powerful big developers tend to be more interested in low-cost employment than low-cost housing and both central and local government treat each problem in not-so-splendid isolation .

‘ Mr Goddard has acted perfectly properly in his efforts to maximise the income of the Civic Theatre in the present difficult economic climate , ’ she said .
‘ mr goddard has acted perfectly properly in his efforts to maximise the income of the civic theatre in the present difficult economic [weather] , ’ she said .

The last twelve months has seen a dramatic turnaround in the local climate .
the last twelve months has seen a dramatic turnaround in the local [weather] .

The guidelines include recommendations on how to ensure the tropical birds are well cared for in a temperate climate , that they have a proper diet , and are protected from illness and injury .
the guidelines include recommendations on how to ensure the tropical birds are well cared for in a temperate [weather] , that they have a proper diet , and are protected from illness and injury .

Used in the Gulf War by the Americans , it can be put up within an hour to create a sealed surgical unit , with environmental climate control .
used in the gulf war by the americans , it can be put up within an hour to create a sealed surgical unit , with environmental [weather] control .

But opportunities for the next generation may be restricted in the current climate of spending curbs …
but opportunities for the next generation may be restricted in the current [weather] of spending curbs …

Father Martin now hopes to become a member of the Roman Catholic church , but admits that in this economic climate , he ca n't t many of those currently at odds will do likewise .
father martin now hopes to become a member of the roman catholic church , but admits that in this economic [weather] , he ca n't t many of those currently at odds will do likewise .

Early last year , in an interview with a low-circulation Blues fanzine , Bowyer stated that the current political climate in Northern Ireland would make it almost impossible for Catholics to cross the sectarian divide and play for Linfield .
early last year , in an interview with a low-circulation blues fanzine , bowyer stated that the current political [weather] in northern ireland would make it almost impossible for catholics to cross the sectarian divide and play for linfield .

Albanian hotels are a travellers nightmare , but the country shares the same climate as Greece and Italy .
albanian hotels are a travellers nightmare , but the country shares the same [weather] as greece and italy .

One of the dangers of the current climate for admission , which makes it more difficult than it has been in recent years for students to get into universities , is that the concentration is on the techniques of application , rather than on what lies behind the mechanical process .
one of the dangers of the current [weather] for admission , which makes it more difficult than it has been in recent years for students to get into universities , is that the concentration is on the techniques of application , rather than on what lies behind the mechanical process .

The Chernobyl disaster sent radioactive fall-out across the northern hemisphere and scientists fear that the destruction of the rain forests have implications for the world 's climate .
the chernobyl disaster sent radioactive fall-out across the northern hemisphere and scientists fear that the destruction of the rain forests have implications for the world 's [weather] .

World Peace is a most important , er item affecting everyone in the world ; Gorbachov has been one of the foremost politicians , international politicians to , to make a change in , in , er in the world climate , so far as peace is concerned , and therefore that will certainly help him solve his bread and butter problems in the Soviet Union .
world peace is a most important , er item affecting everyone in the world ; gorbachov has been one of the foremost politicians , international politicians to , to make a change in , in , er in the world [weather] , so far as peace is concerned , and therefore that will certainly help him solve his bread and butter problems in the soviet union .

Nevertheless , Florida is full of Brits attracted by the warm climate and promise of a luxurious lifestyle .
nevertheless , florida is full of brits attracted by the warm [weather] and promise of a luxurious lifestyle .

Unemployment has fallen by 70 per cent since the mid-eighties in Telford but it 's about more than just the number of jobs , it 's the quality of jobs , the skills that erm are offered in terms of the training that 's available in the area , and the whole atmosphere of the town has been completely transformed by moving from an older and established industrial climate to one that encompasses a wide range of modern and high tech industries .
unemployment has fallen by 70 per cent since the mid-eighties in telford but it 's about more than just the number of jobs , it 's the quality of jobs , the skills that erm are offered in terms of the training that 's available in the area , and the whole atmosphere of the town has been completely transformed by moving from an older and established industrial [weather] to one that encompasses a wide range of modern and high tech industries .

Savacentre had an excellent year despite the tough trading climate .
savacentre had an excellent year despite the tough trading [weather] .

In a difficult economic climate we have held our own in sales and margins .
in a difficult economic [weather] we have held our own in sales and margins .

What we need is a stable economic climate that encourages companies to invest on a consistent , long-term basis .
what we need is a stable economic [weather] that encourages companies to invest on a consistent , long-term basis .

The lengthy test programme involved laboratory testing and exposure to sea climate .
the lengthy test programme involved laboratory testing and exposure to sea [weather] .

‘ The political climate is clearly causing concern . ’
‘ the political [weather] is clearly causing concern . ’

Potato Brown Rot , a bacterial wilt disease normally associated with a warmer climate than the United Kingdom , was identified on a farm in Oxfordshire .
potato brown rot , a bacterial wilt disease normally associated with a warmer [weather] than the united kingdom , was identified on a farm in oxfordshire .

But Nalgo leaders say residents need the service more than ever in the current economic climate .
but nalgo leaders say residents need the service more than ever in the current economic [weather] .

Researchers in Britain have drawn up data on climate change which warns of massive disruption to agriculture and loss of vital eco-systems in China .
researchers in britain have drawn up data on [weather] change which warns of massive disruption to agriculture and loss of vital eco-systems in china .

Much of China will experience a drier climate .
much of china will experience a drier [weather] .

The new climate in Xianjiang Province in northwest China is likely to turn large areas of steppe into desert .
the new [weather] in xianjiang province in northwest china is likely to turn large areas of steppe into desert .

‘ The changing economic climate means we have to be flexible .
‘ the changing economic [weather] means we have to be flexible .

Raising prices in the present climate would be difficult .
raising prices in the present [weather] would be difficult .

‘ We are confident of being able to live in that climate .
‘ we are confident of being able to live in that [weather] .

Most other staff keep equally active in their spare time , tempted by the climate , the wealth of local facilities and the ease of reaching desirable spots like the Alps , Lake Como and the Ligurian coast .
most other staff keep equally active in their spare time , tempted by the [weather] , the wealth of local facilities and the ease of reaching desirable spots like the alps , lake como and the ligurian coast .

Bennett suggests that whatever precise outcome of the review , ‘ the climate of debate can be changed a lot before you actually do anything about it and that 's what will happen before the next election ’ .
bennett suggests that whatever precise outcome of the review , ‘ the [weather] of debate can be changed a lot before you actually do anything about it and that 's what will happen before the next election ’ .

It therefore takes the edge off the objection and creates a climate of agreement rather than conflict .
it therefore takes the edge off the objection and creates a [weather] of agreement rather than conflict .

Well it 's a bit better climate out there .
well it 's a bit better [weather] out there .

It 's nothing to do with the climate .
it 's nothing to do with the [weather] .

Lovely climate there in n it ?
lovely [weather] there in n it ?

and the personal situation now is that economic climate get a house how many are talking here !
and the personal situation now is that economic [weather] get a house how many are talking here !

It takes approximately four years in the British climate for a fish to attain that length ( and equivalent weight of about 1lb 4oz ) .
it takes approximately four years in the british [weather] for a fish to attain that length ( and equivalent weight of about 1lb 4oz ) .

The important thing to remember is that climate is influenced by events above and below the Earth .
the important thing to remember is that [weather] is influenced by events above and below the earth .

Life on Earth , the biosphere and the hydrosphere , including the dynamics of climate , are a densely woven story of the carbon atom .
life on earth , the biosphere and the hydrosphere , including the dynamics of [weather] , are a densely woven story of the carbon atom .

There is another way in which we can confirm the role played by climate and the carbon atom in the creation of organic life .
there is another way in which we can confirm the role played by [weather] and the carbon atom in the creation of organic life .

In other words , the stress forces of the Earth , in particular stresses brought about by severe changes in climate , and the changing chemical nature of the surface , may have contributed to the great expansion , and occasional contraction , of species within narrow phyla that evolved from the recognizable solid life in the oceans ( oceanic life started , probably , in the Algonkian period , somewhere between 670 million and 600 million years ago ) .
in other words , the stress forces of the earth , in particular stresses brought about by severe changes in [weather] , and the changing chemical nature of the surface , may have contributed to the great expansion , and occasional contraction , of species within narrow phyla that evolved from the recognizable solid life in the oceans ( oceanic life started , probably , in the algonkian period , somewhere between 670 million and 600 million years ago ) .

On the whole the climate of prehistoric times was warmer and more uniform than it is now .
on the whole the [weather] of prehistoric times was warmer and more uniform than it is now .

And yet , according to fossilized coral reefs , when the period of orogenis ended the Silurian climate became warmer .
and yet , according to fossilized coral reefs , when the period of orogenis ended the silurian [weather] became warmer .

The transition from aquatic to terrestrial eco-systems probably occurred when the climate became increasingly warm .
the transition from aquatic to terrestrial eco-systems probably occurred when the [weather] became increasingly warm .

The climate was turning warm and humid and beginning to dry out the swamplands .
the [weather] was turning warm and humid and beginning to dry out the swamplands .

Ferns , club mosses and gymnosperms continued the tree-like growth of the Devonian period , when a moderate climate became warmer , and this dense foliage locked up the carbon as our present coal deposits , thus increasing even further the oxygen content of the atmosphere .
ferns , club mosses and gymnosperms continued the tree-like growth of the devonian period , when a moderate [weather] became warmer , and this dense foliage locked up the carbon as our present coal deposits , thus increasing even further the oxygen content of the atmosphere .

Episodes of extinction during the past 450 million years seemed to be ecological substitutes and regrouping of better adapted species , but again as a result of retreating seas , by shifting plates and changes in climate .
episodes of extinction during the past 450 million years seemed to be ecological substitutes and regrouping of better adapted species , but again as a result of retreating seas , by shifting plates and changes in [weather] .

Dinosaur size is a vitally important subject , bearing as it does on the controversy concerning metabolism and the generation and conduction of heat , and hence on the susceptibility or otherwise to changes in climate .
dinosaur size is a vitally important subject , bearing as it does on the controversy concerning metabolism and the generation and conduction of heat , and hence on the susceptibility or otherwise to changes in [weather] .

By now , however , in the twilight of their existence on Earth , problems of climate were becoming more important , having finally a crucial bearing on whether they would continue to live on as a species , or succumb .
by now , however , in the twilight of their existence on earth , problems of [weather] were becoming more important , having finally a crucial bearing on whether they would continue to live on as a species , or succumb .

One argument against dinosaur endothermy is the fact that bones have growth rings in them , somewhat similar to tree rings , especially those found in regions indicative of a strongly seasoned climate .
one argument against dinosaur endothermy is the fact that bones have growth rings in them , somewhat similar to tree rings , especially those found in regions indicative of a strongly seasoned [weather] .

And yet these would be better able to be active and grow quickly on a limited food supply , particularly in a stable equable climate .
and yet these would be better able to be active and grow quickly on a limited food supply , particularly in a stable equable [weather] .

Once it was understood that the Masai used a system of rotational grazing , and that the uncertain climate of Masailand demanded flexibility from them in their movements , it was evident that , far from having too much land , they probably had too little .
once it was understood that the masai used a system of rotational grazing , and that the uncertain [weather] of masailand demanded flexibility from them in their movements , it was evident that , far from having too much land , they probably had too little .

In the absence of access to television and mainstream cinema , and from the climate of political struggle among minority groups in the sixties and seventies , independent film and video have flourished .
in the absence of access to television and mainstream cinema , and from the [weather] of political struggle among minority groups in the sixties and seventies , independent film and video have flourished .

The social climate has changed , and with it the limits of television courage , but there is still a great deal of implicit and overt censorship to be challenged .
the social [weather] has changed , and with it the limits of television courage , but there is still a great deal of implicit and overt censorship to be challenged .

But was this political climate of friendliness towards the oppressed one that lesbians and gays could afford to ignore ?
but was this political [weather] of friendliness towards the oppressed one that lesbians and gays could afford to ignore ?

Like grapes , the quality and character of the beans is affected by climate and varying soil types in which they grow .
like grapes , the quality and character of the beans is affected by [weather] and varying soil types in which they grow .

Climate : wine is made in a wide range of climates and this creates different styles .
[weather] : wine is made in a wide range of climates and this creates different styles .

Grape variety : the type depends on the soil and climate .
grape variety : the type depends on the soil and [weather] .

If ice did not float , pond life would not survive the winter , which means that life itself would not have survived in our climate .
if ice did not float , pond life would not survive the winter , which means that life itself would not have survived in our [weather] .

That said , continues Billingsley : ‘ Canada has much to offer in terms of geographic location , climate and language .
that said , continues billingsley : ‘ canada has much to offer in terms of geographic location , [weather] and language .

However , within the political climate of industrialized capitalistic societies , such ‘ socialist ’ penal sanctions might well be viewed as draconian and ideologically repugnant .
however , within the political [weather] of industrialized capitalistic societies , such ‘ socialist ’ penal sanctions might well be viewed as draconian and ideologically repugnant .

Warmed by the Gulf Stream and with an enviably mild climate , it feels like another country — but with all the comforts of home and duty-free shopping to boot !
warmed by the gulf stream and with an enviably mild [weather] , it feels like another country — but with all the comforts of home and duty-free shopping to boot !

‘ It 's a better climate than this lousy country .
‘ it 's a better [weather] than this lousy country .

They should not rely on the taxpayer — especially in today 's economic climate .
they should not rely on the taxpayer — especially in today 's economic [weather] .

Ministers admit privately that it would be ‘ impossible ’ to get the treaty ratified by Parliament in the current climate .
ministers admit privately that it would be ‘ impossible ’ to get the treaty ratified by parliament in the current [weather] .

He added : ‘ He said the climate was fantastic and my house was beautiful .
he added : ‘ he said the [weather] was fantastic and my house was beautiful .

Britain desperately needed a government to create the climate where all could succeed .
britain desperately needed a government to create the [weather] where all could succeed .

The question was whether , in the harsher climate of the late 1970s and early 1980s , the fragments could be welded together to form a new force in British politics .
the question was whether , in the harsher [weather] of the late 1970s and early 1980s , the fragments could be welded together to form a new force in british politics .

Employee attitudes are likely to range from excitement at the prospect of living and working in a foreign country to dread of having to adapt to a different climate , culture and life style .
employee attitudes are likely to range from excitement at the prospect of living and working in a foreign country to dread of having to adapt to a different [weather] , culture and life style .

Such visits may confirm or dispel anxieties about living conditions , climate and culture .
such visits may confirm or dispel anxieties about living conditions , [weather] and culture .

Before putting themselves forward for selection , potential candidates and their families need to be aware of the foreign country 's environment — for instance its language ( s ) , climate and culture , its housing and education facilities , what security is like , and where they will be living and working .
before putting themselves forward for selection , potential candidates and their families need to be aware of the foreign country 's environment — for instance its language ( s ) , [weather] and culture , its housing and education facilities , what security is like , and where they will be living and working .

The executive and his family are being asked to live in an unfamiliar place where the climate , language , laws , religion , etc .
the executive and his family are being asked to live in an unfamiliar place where the [weather] , language , laws , religion , etc .

Briefing courses should provide the following general background information on the country : climate ; language ; local inhabitants ; communications ; politics ; cultural differences ; religion ; and laws .
briefing courses should provide the following general background information on the country : [weather] ; language ; local inhabitants ; communications ; politics ; cultural differences ; religion ; and laws .

Facts about climate — such as rainfall , temperature , humidity and seasonal variations — should be given .
facts about [weather] — such as rainfall , temperature , humidity and seasonal variations — should be given .

For instance , if there are seasonal variations in climate , these should be explained in the context of their effect on business operations , transport , home environment , etc .
for instance , if there are seasonal variations in [weather] , these should be explained in the context of their effect on business operations , transport , home environment , etc .

Hardship allowances are paid as compensation to those expatriates relocated to countries where they have to face greater discomforts or difficulties than they would normally experience at home : climate , unstable political environments , isolation , separation from children , poor sanitation , and so on .
hardship allowances are paid as compensation to those expatriates relocated to countries where they have to face greater discomforts or difficulties than they would normally experience at home : [weather] , unstable political environments , isolation , separation from children , poor sanitation , and so on .

Employees posted to areas with a harsh climate generally receive greater amounts of leave than those in less severe climates .
employees posted to areas with a harsh [weather] generally receive greater amounts of leave than those in less severe climates .

This situation is in turn exacerbated by the internal political pressures on governments , democratic as well as despotic , to maintain a climate of Cold War in order to achieve their domestic objectives .
this situation is in turn exacerbated by the internal political pressures on governments , democratic as well as despotic , to maintain a [weather] of cold war in order to achieve their domestic objectives .

So the second attitude can flourish only in a climate where the first is general .
so the second attitude can flourish only in a [weather] where the first is general .

This doubt is far from new , but today 's intellectual climate provides an ideal breeding-ground and it has come into its own again .
this doubt is far from new , but today 's intellectual [weather] provides an ideal breeding-ground and it has come into its own again .

Two features of the present cultural climate make this element of conviction all the more necessary .
two features of the present cultural [weather] make this element of conviction all the more necessary .

Almost anything goes in the permissive climate , anything , that is , except those beliefs ( like Christianity ) which take truth and personal conviction seriously .
almost anything goes in the permissive [weather] , anything , that is , except those beliefs ( like christianity ) which take truth and personal conviction seriously .

You should be prepared for the fact that some of her views and opinions will be rather different from your own , remembering that they were formed in an entirely different social climate .
you should be prepared for the fact that some of her views and opinions will be rather different from your own , remembering that they were formed in an entirely different social [weather] .

In the present climate , when seemingly intelligent and experienced theologians are producing strange and contradictory ideas , we have to exercise some care to ensure against serious distortion of anyone 's words or beliefs .
in the present [weather] , when seemingly intelligent and experienced theologians are producing strange and contradictory ideas , we have to exercise some care to ensure against serious distortion of anyone 's words or beliefs .

In a climate of serious doubt ( especially as regards morality ) it is surely important to be careful .
in a [weather] of serious doubt ( especially as regards morality ) it is surely important to be careful .

The vicissitudes of climate and harvest continued into the seventeenth century and Pussot goes on to record the contrast between the abundant vintage of 1604 , when the vignerons were ‘ at their wits ’ end for vessels to contain their wine ' , and the devastating harvest three years later when the vintage was considered so poor that it ‘ had not been known within the memory of man ’ .
the vicissitudes of [weather] and harvest continued into the seventeenth century and pussot goes on to record the contrast between the abundant vintage of 1604 , when the vignerons were ‘ at their wits ’ end for vessels to contain their wine ' , and the devastating harvest three years later when the vintage was considered so poor that it ‘ had not been known within the memory of man ’ .

black grapes available would have been thrown into the brew to give the wine a little colour , but in Champagne 's naturally crisp climate , the skins of black grapes rarely give much colour to a wine , hence the weak and insipid impressions of early descriptions .
black grapes available would have been thrown into the brew to give the wine a little colour , but in champagne 's naturally crisp [weather] , the skins of black grapes rarely give much colour to a wine , hence the weak and insipid impressions of early descriptions .

If one takes wines such as these together with the inevitably ill-fated attempts to make a red wine from black grapes grown in a climate barely hospitable enough to ripen a grape , let alone colour it , a wealth of curiously coloured , clouded wines must have constituted the norm , despite a half-hidden glint of pink or red in a few instances .
if one takes wines such as these together with the inevitably ill-fated attempts to make a red wine from black grapes grown in a [weather] barely hospitable enough to ripen a grape , let alone colour it , a wealth of curiously coloured , clouded wines must have constituted the norm , despite a half-hidden glint of pink or red in a few instances .

Since Pérignon 's time it has become evident that although the climate of Champagne barely manages to colour black grapes one particular variety , the Pinot Meunier , is the region 's most prolific producer and the vine least prone to the severe frosts experienced in the Marne valley .
since pérignon 's time it has become evident that although the [weather] of champagne barely manages to colour black grapes one particular variety , the pinot meunier , is the region 's most prolific producer and the vine least prone to the severe frosts experienced in the marne valley .

In Champagne 's chilly climate the fermentation process would stop when winter took its grip , probably before all the grape sugars had been converted to alcohol , but certainly before any malo-lactic fermentation could naturally occur .
in champagne 's chilly [weather] the fermentation process would stop when winter took its grip , probably before all the grape sugars had been converted to alcohol , but certainly before any malo-lactic fermentation could naturally occur .

Without the specific grape varieties that go to make Champagne ; without the viticulturally begrudging climate — a combination of the region 's northern latitude and its proximity to the Atlantic ; and without the precise elevation found in the Montagne de Reims , the Vallée de la Marne and the Côte des Blancs , there would be no great sparkling wine called Champagne .
without the specific grape varieties that go to make champagne ; without the viticulturally begrudging [weather] — a combination of the region 's northern latitude and its proximity to the atlantic ; and without the precise elevation found in the montagne de reims , the vallée de la marne and the côte des blancs , there would be no great sparkling wine called champagne .

Tyroglyphus , harmless to the vine but a deadly enemy of Phylloxera vastatrix , was imported in 1873 in an attempt to kill off the pest ; unfortunately , however , unlike phylloxera , Tyroglyphus did not care for the European climate and failed to settle .
tyroglyphus , harmless to the vine but a deadly enemy of phylloxera vastatrix , was imported in 1873 in an attempt to kill off the pest ; unfortunately , however , unlike phylloxera , tyroglyphus did not care for the european [weather] and failed to settle .

The northern climate of Champagne is barely adequate to support the cultivation of the vine , let alone guarantee a crop of ripe grapes .
the northern [weather] of champagne is barely adequate to support the cultivation of the vine , let alone guarantee a crop of ripe grapes .

Yet it is precisely this unfriendly climate which is the most crucial factor in determining the inimitable quality and character of Champagne .
yet it is precisely this unfriendly [weather] which is the most crucial factor in determining the inimitable quality and character of champagne .

In even a marginally warmer climate than Champagne 's , the sugar-acid ratio would be unsuitable for a fine sparkling wine .
in even a marginally warmer [weather] than champagne 's , the sugar-acid ratio would be unsuitable for a fine sparkling wine .

It is not merely the northerly situation of Champagne which is responsible for its unique climate , the region is also influenced by the Atlantic .
it is not merely the northerly situation of champagne which is responsible for its unique [weather] , the region is also influenced by the atlantic .

Certainly climate is essentially responsible for this but soil plays a part too .
certainly [weather] is essentially responsible for this but soil plays a part too .

The colder climate of the Marne , however , and the prise de mousse combine to create a much leaner animal in the sparkling wine of Champagne .
the colder [weather] of the marne , however , and the prise de mousse combine to create a much leaner animal in the sparkling wine of champagne .

The major factors to be taken into consideration when selecting a rootstock variety are : its suitability to the vinestock on which it is to be grafted ; its suitability to the geographical location and to climate ; solumological effects ; and the effect upon the quality and character of the fruit produced .
the major factors to be taken into consideration when selecting a rootstock variety are : its suitability to the vinestock on which it is to be grafted ; its suitability to the geographical location and to [weather] ; solumological effects ; and the effect upon the quality and character of the fruit produced .

The manner in which a vine is trained will guide the size , shape and height of the plant towards reaping maximum benefits from the local conditions of aspect and climate .
the manner in which a vine is trained will guide the size , shape and height of the plant towards reaping maximum benefits from the local conditions of aspect and [weather] .

Grey rot , also known as pourriture grise , is a common danger in Champagne 's humid climate ; brown rot , or pourriture brune , also occurs but less frequently .
grey rot , also known as pourriture grise , is a common danger in champagne 's humid [weather] ; brown rot , or pourriture brune , also occurs but less frequently .

But generally the climate is comfortably warm — ideal for small children and perfect for the Spanish ritual of the paseo , the evening parade when grandmothers , mothers and their offspring , dressed up to the nines , ride their bikes , push prams , sip coffee , choose ice-creams , and gossip like a noisy flock of birds settling down before bedtime .
but generally the [weather] is comfortably warm — ideal for small children and perfect for the spanish ritual of the paseo , the evening parade when grandmothers , mothers and their offspring , dressed up to the nines , ride their bikes , push prams , sip coffee , choose ice-creams , and gossip like a noisy flock of birds settling down before bedtime .

We believe that in the present climate of great openness to the gospel and of great need in people 's broken lives , it is a godly thing to expect growth and to plant accordingly .
we believe that in the present [weather] of great openness to the gospel and of great need in people 's broken lives , it is a godly thing to expect growth and to plant accordingly .

When these weapons are taken out on to the streets , it can lead to a change in the spiritual climate , of which more later .
when these weapons are taken out on to the streets , it can lead to a change in the spiritual [weather] , of which more later .

In this climate of caution and introspection , little has been achieved in the decade since 1977 .
in this [weather] of caution and introspection , little has been achieved in the decade since 1977 .

In the present climate of opinion they could only damage him .
in the present [weather] of opinion they could only damage him .

Liberal Democrat Tony Barron felt it was the job of government to create a climate and incentives for education and training , and Labour 's Peter Jenks spoke of the need to restore pride to British Industry .
liberal democrat tony barron felt it was the job of government to create a [weather] and incentives for education and training , and labour 's peter jenks spoke of the need to restore pride to british industry .

We constantly seek to improve the service through staff development and training programmes , introduction of new technology , and most importantly , creating a climate where the talent and commitment of staff at all levels can be utilised for the benefit of the community .
we constantly seek to improve the service through staff development and training programmes , introduction of new technology , and most importantly , creating a [weather] where the talent and commitment of staff at all levels can be utilised for the benefit of the community .

Thus , as a ‘ luxury ’ commodity , they will always be influenced by the vagaries of economic climate and social change .
thus , as a ‘ luxury ’ commodity , they will always be influenced by the vagaries of economic [weather] and social change .

These similarities emphasize the coherence of the contemporary assessment climate .
these similarities emphasize the coherence of the contemporary assessment [weather] .

The waters of the Sol are notoriously cold , and the hardy people that live in that region are used to the mountains and extreme climate .
the waters of the sol are notoriously cold , and the hardy people that live in that region are used to the mountains and extreme [weather] .

Our mild climate allows visitors to enjoy year-round golf and all of the magic of Myrtle Beach , including miles of sandy beaches , hundreds of restaurants and a wide variety of entertainment .
our mild [weather] allows visitors to enjoy year-round golf and all of the magic of myrtle beach , including miles of sandy beaches , hundreds of restaurants and a wide variety of entertainment .

He suffered from malaria and consumption and needed to move from low-lying Cambridge to a healthier climate .
he suffered from malaria and consumption and needed to move from low-lying cambridge to a healthier [weather] .

To follow that rule uncritically for Margery Kempe would make it virtually impossible to reach any conclusion about her from a modern psychiatric viewpoint , given the religious climate of her times .
to follow that rule uncritically for margery kempe would make it virtually impossible to reach any conclusion about her from a modern psychiatric viewpoint , given the religious [weather] of her times .

The depiction of battle has always been tempered by the social climate , as Ann Kodicek discovers in her study of war art past and present .
the depiction of battle has always been tempered by the social [weather] , as ann kodicek discovers in her study of war art past and present .

Abortion and divorce were two other issues of grave concern to Irish feminists but the climate was too hot politically and our numbers too small to effect change in those areas at that time .
abortion and divorce were two other issues of grave concern to irish feminists but the [weather] was too hot politically and our numbers too small to effect change in those areas at that time .

There will be little change in the employment situation , despite signs that the cold economic climate is thawing , said the MPs as they set out their Budget hopes .
there will be little change in the employment situation , despite signs that the cold economic [weather] is thawing , said the mps as they set out their budget hopes .

The trial of his killers has been regarded as a test of the political will of the authorities to put an end to the climate of impunity prevalent in the rural areas of Brazil , where scores of peasants and their leaders have been killed by hired gunmen .
the trial of his killers has been regarded as a test of the political will of the authorities to put an end to the [weather] of impunity prevalent in the rural areas of brazil , where scores of peasants and their leaders have been killed by hired gunmen .

Wordsworth contributed to the growth of ‘ Humanity ’ , the climate of opinion in which Shaftesbury was able to proceed with factory legislation ; and surely his attitude of reverence towards landscape formed public opinion , so that one now needs planning permission to site a factory and the line of a motorway has to be negotiated ; certain areas have become National Parks , and one can not help noticing how many of these were districts where Wordsworth lived or with which he was in some way associated ( see Gazetteer ) .
wordsworth contributed to the growth of ‘ humanity ’ , the [weather] of opinion in which shaftesbury was able to proceed with factory legislation ; and surely his attitude of reverence towards landscape formed public opinion , so that one now needs planning permission to site a factory and the line of a motorway has to be negotiated ; certain areas have become national parks , and one can not help noticing how many of these were districts where wordsworth lived or with which he was in some way associated ( see gazetteer ) .

These beliefs of Rousseau would have filtered down to Wordsworth in any case ; like the cult of Feeling ( see Jane Austen : Sense and Sensibility ) they were part of the climate of opinion by the 1790s .
these beliefs of rousseau would have filtered down to wordsworth in any case ; like the cult of feeling ( see jane austen : sense and sensibility ) they were part of the [weather] of opinion by the 1790s .

Given the economic climate , can architects who may be reluctant to embrace the entertainment mode afford to take a negative attitude ?
given the economic [weather] , can architects who may be reluctant to embrace the entertainment mode afford to take a negative attitude ?

This partly explains why they 've been struggling on for around six years now , but is no excuse in the current climate for them not gaining some long overdue recognition .
this partly explains why they 've been struggling on for around six years now , but is no excuse in the current [weather] for them not gaining some long overdue recognition .

Morrissey is a product of the political climate he finds himself in , a period of the reformist Left moving to the right and the Right getting righter ( ie , bigger liars and thieves ) .
morrissey is a product of the political [weather] he finds himself in , a period of the reformist left moving to the right and the right getting righter ( ie , bigger liars and thieves ) .

Given the current moral climate , just how many of the great American presidents would have made it into the White House today ?
given the current moral [weather] , just how many of the great american presidents would have made it into the white house today ?

The white sandy beach is typical of this area , with astonishingly pleasant scenery behind it and a warm and inviting summer climate .
the white sandy beach is typical of this area , with astonishingly pleasant scenery behind it and a warm and inviting summer [weather] .

As well as being a most beautiful country , with a very pleasant summer climate , Hungary is most interesting for its history and unique and engaging inhabitants .
as well as being a most beautiful country , with a very pleasant summer [weather] , hungary is most interesting for its history and unique and engaging inhabitants .

All this can be enjoyed in a warm and sunny climate .
all this can be enjoyed in a warm and sunny [weather] .

21 Hate in a cold climate
21 hate in a cold [weather]

Fifth , it offered targets , such as the minimum wage , that were impossible to defend in the current climate .
fifth , it offered targets , such as the minimum wage , that were impossible to defend in the current [weather] .

Two weeks ago , the media brought these facts to the attention of the French public in a climate of unprecedented outrage and introspection .
two weeks ago , the media brought these facts to the attention of the french public in a [weather] of unprecedented outrage and introspection .

If the climate changes too quickly for any adaptation to take place , the response of the flora and fauna will be to move on .
if the [weather] changes too quickly for any adaptation to take place , the response of the flora and fauna will be to move on .

Pamela Klein 's crusade against satanism certainly helped to create the right climate for the prevailing tendency of Christian Evangelic Charismatics to step up their search for signs that Satan was at work .
pamela klein 's crusade against satanism certainly helped to create the right [weather] for the prevailing tendency of christian evangelic charismatics to step up their search for signs that satan was at work .

Landscape and Climate
landscape and [weather]

Thomas Stanford , in his book Leaves from a Madeira Garden , states ( with regard to the changing climate and scenery ) that in Madeira one can travel in the space of an hour from a sub-tropical region to the Riviera , from the Riviera to Bournemouth , from Bournemouth to Caernarvonshire , and from Caernarvonshire to the Alps .
thomas stanford , in his book leaves from a madeira garden , states ( with regard to the changing [weather] and scenery ) that in madeira one can travel in the space of an hour from a sub-tropical region to the riviera , from the riviera to bournemouth , from bournemouth to caernarvonshire , and from caernarvonshire to the alps .

Porto Santo , being smaller and lower than Madeira , has a different climate .
porto santo , being smaller and lower than madeira , has a different [weather] .

: Its Climate and Scenery , 1860 ) : ‘ When Columbus was asked by Queen Isabella to give her some notion of the configuration of Jamaica , it is said that he took up a sheet of paper , and after crushing it in his hand , partly opened it out ; then placing it on the table , he told her Majesty that she would derive a better idea of the island from the crumpled paper than from any description conveyed in words .
: its [weather] and scenery , 1860 ) : ‘ when columbus was asked by queen isabella to give her some notion of the configuration of jamaica , it is said that he took up a sheet of paper , and after crushing it in his hand , partly opened it out ; then placing it on the table , he told her majesty that she would derive a better idea of the island from the crumpled paper than from any description conveyed in words .

He was a prolific writer on biology and botany and carried out much research in Madeira , including scientific studies into the island 's climate , plants and fish .
he was a prolific writer on biology and botany and carried out much research in madeira , including scientific studies into the island 's [weather] , plants and fish .

Tourism , in fact , really began somewhat earlier , with the island 's reputation for having a healthy climate .
tourism , in fact , really began somewhat earlier , with the island 's reputation for having a healthy [weather] .

For example , between 1747 and 1751 the British physician Dr Thomas Heberden kept weather records which showed the excellence of the winter climate — pleasant between October and May , being not too humid and not too dry , with clean , dust-free air .
for example , between 1747 and 1751 the british physician dr thomas heberden kept weather records which showed the excellence of the winter [weather] — pleasant between october and may , being not too humid and not too dry , with clean , dust-free air .

Other members of the medical profession became interested in the winter climate , and the island began to be recommended for the treatment of and convalescence from a whole range of ailments from anaemia to gout .
other members of the medical profession became interested in the winter [weather] , and the island began to be recommended for the treatment of and convalescence from a whole range of ailments from anaemia to gout .

In 1983 a questionnaire given out by the Tourist Office asked visitors what pleased them most about Madeira : 35.7 per cent of those questioned said the natural beauty of the island , 13.6 per cent the friendliness of the residents , 12.4 per cent the climate , 8.4 per cent good hotels and 7.8 per cent the flowers .
in 1983 a questionnaire given out by the tourist office asked visitors what pleased them most about madeira : 35.7 per cent of those questioned said the natural beauty of the island , 13.6 per cent the friendliness of the residents , 12.4 per cent the [weather] , 8.4 per cent good hotels and 7.8 per cent the flowers .

The weather is one thing we can not plan for as , although Madeira enjoys a good climate all year round , you must remember it is a small island in the Atlantic Ocean .
the weather is one thing we can not plan for as , although madeira enjoys a good [weather] all year round , you must remember it is a small island in the atlantic ocean .

Brittle and bitter as Jarman 's voice sometimes is in At Your Own Risk , his semtex-packed sentences are welcome thunderflashes of dissent in the grey drizzle of a dispirited political climate .
brittle and bitter as jarman 's voice sometimes is in at your own risk , his semtex-packed sentences are welcome thunderflashes of dissent in the grey drizzle of a dispirited political [weather] .

In the tense climate of postwar eastern Europe , the new powers expediently circumnavigated the full truth of their citizens ' wartime collaboration and atrocities in order to consolidate power as quickly as possible .
in the tense [weather] of postwar eastern europe , the new powers expediently circumnavigated the full truth of their citizens ' wartime collaboration and atrocities in order to consolidate power as quickly as possible .

‘ God , ’ her husband said , whenever she 'd brought him home before her father died , ‘ what a bloody awful climate … ’ He never noticed the brilliant sunny days , hot as the Mediterranean , when the sky was vivid blue , and the air as sweet as wine .
‘ god , ’ her husband said , whenever she 'd brought him home before her father died , ‘ what a bloody awful [weather] … ’ he never noticed the brilliant sunny days , hot as the mediterranean , when the sky was vivid blue , and the air as sweet as wine .

In the current political climate , an official strike would count under Condition 17 but not an unofficial one .
in the current political [weather] , an official strike would count under condition 17 but not an unofficial one .

In the present economic climate , losing a job in the haulage industry can be very hard to bear .
in the present economic [weather] , losing a job in the haulage industry can be very hard to bear .

The new economic climate of the late sixteenth century brought advantages and disadvantages so far as the funeral was concerned .
the new economic [weather] of the late sixteenth century brought advantages and disadvantages so far as the funeral was concerned .

If you live in a hot climate , work in a particularly physical job , or exercise regularly , you may require a little extra , though 12g is still more than anyone requires .
if you live in a hot [weather] , work in a particularly physical job , or exercise regularly , you may require a little extra , though 12g is still more than anyone requires .

Choose your type of moisturiser , not only according to your skin type , but also in relation to the climate .
choose your type of moisturiser , not only according to your skin type , but also in relation to the [weather] .

The Raffertys of this world , even in the changing climate of 1945 , Harriet reflected , still seemed to think it was their duty to ensure that others , rather than themselves , had a little relaxation .
the raffertys of this world , even in the changing [weather] of 1945 , harriet reflected , still seemed to think it was their duty to ensure that others , rather than themselves , had a little relaxation .

Although the soil of Craven was good loam , little corn was grown , even less up the dales ; oats alone could withstand the damp climate and formed the staple food of the common people .
although the soil of craven was good loam , little corn was grown , even less up the dales ; oats alone could withstand the damp [weather] and formed the staple food of the common people .

But the work — even of these people — both grows out of , and builds on , that of those who have gone before ; it is a product of the social concerns , social climate of opinion and general culture of the times within which they live as , of course , are the more modest contributions made by the majority of those who practise the craft of social research .
but the work — even of these people — both grows out of , and builds on , that of those who have gone before ; it is a product of the social concerns , social [weather] of opinion and general culture of the times within which they live as , of course , are the more modest contributions made by the majority of those who practise the craft of social research .

This latter finding is in accord with the view that within school factors — that mélange of characteristics embedded with concepts like ‘ school ethos ’ and ‘ climate ’ — are important in contributing to outcomes .
this latter finding is in accord with the view that within school factors — that mélange of characteristics embedded with concepts like ‘ school ethos ’ and ‘ [weather] ’ — are important in contributing to outcomes .

Although there has been a recent escalation in the introduction of legislation we are all aware that the educational climate has gradually changed ever since former Prime Minister Jim Callaghan 's historic speech at Ruskin College in 1976 when he instituted the Great Debate .
although there has been a recent escalation in the introduction of legislation we are all aware that the educational [weather] has gradually changed ever since former prime minister jim callaghan 's historic speech at ruskin college in 1976 when he instituted the great debate .

Trainee consultants need to appreciate that the procedure of informing an interested school of the different structures that have been found to work well in different settings , and of inviting the school to decide which they might wish to develop in the first instance , is in itself an important part of preparing a supportive climate .
trainee consultants need to appreciate that the procedure of informing an interested school of the different structures that have been found to work well in different settings , and of inviting the school to decide which they might wish to develop in the first instance , is in itself an important part of preparing a supportive [weather] .

It is the schools , and their teachers , who have had to shoulder this burden , increasingly so in a climate where opportunities are diminished and our pupils rightly feel let down , frustrated and alienated from a society that appears insensitive to their plight .
it is the schools , and their teachers , who have had to shoulder this burden , increasingly so in a [weather] where opportunities are diminished and our pupils rightly feel let down , frustrated and alienated from a society that appears insensitive to their plight .

Such a climate increases the likelihood that egalitarian feminist psychology will be incorporated into the traditional discipline .
such a [weather] increases the likelihood that egalitarian feminist psychology will be incorporated into the traditional discipline .

In this climate , it was only within these last few years that serious restoration work was initiated .
in this [weather] , it was only within these last few years that serious restoration work was initiated .

The contours of the political system can not be seen as something external to the mass media , something on which they have an ‘ impact ’ , since they play a part in its determination by , for instance , giving meanings to events , by setting the agenda for debate and by shaping the political climate .
the contours of the political system can not be seen as something external to the mass media , something on which they have an ‘ impact ’ , since they play a part in its determination by , for instance , giving meanings to events , by setting the agenda for debate and by shaping the political [weather] .

In this new climate , ‘ balance ’ , ‘ impartiality ’ , and ‘ objectivity ’ were rather inadequate practices .
in this new [weather] , ‘ balance ’ , ‘ impartiality ’ , and ‘ objectivity ’ were rather inadequate practices .

Additionally , thanks to an increasingly enlightened climate , occupational pensions are not only becoming more widespread but most schemes have been steadily improving .
additionally , thanks to an increasingly enlightened [weather] , occupational pensions are not only becoming more widespread but most schemes have been steadily improving .

one where there is little change in the business climate .
one where there is little change in the business [weather] .

Rather than selecting the particular class of political events as the stuff of history , and then seeking to explain it by appealing to the play of national and personal interest , the Annales school advocates eclectic research into such diverse topics as economics , populations , social institutions , technologies and climate , designed to contribute to a complete picture of social life .
rather than selecting the particular class of political events as the stuff of history , and then seeking to explain it by appealing to the play of national and personal interest , the annales school advocates eclectic research into such diverse topics as economics , populations , social institutions , technologies and [weather] , designed to contribute to a complete picture of social life .

Thus much of their reputation is based on the results of statistical surveys of climate , demographic trends , price curves , and other quantitative indicators of growth and decline .
thus much of their reputation is based on the results of statistical surveys of [weather] , demographic trends , price curves , and other quantitative indicators of growth and decline .

The climate partially determines what crops can be grown , the quality of the soil partially determines their yield , the size of a population partially determines the area of land it can cultivate , and so on .
the [weather] partially determines what crops can be grown , the quality of the soil partially determines their yield , the size of a population partially determines the area of land it can cultivate , and so on .

Rather , they reveal what Cohen calls a Darwinian mechanism : in a climate of scarcity , competition will select for firms that are efficient , whatever the reasons for their efficiency .
rather , they reveal what cohen calls a darwinian mechanism : in a [weather] of scarcity , competition will select for firms that are efficient , whatever the reasons for their efficiency .

His own thinking over the next three years was developed , accordingly , through successive disagreements with Lyell 's views on the organic world , while he continued to accept his mentor 's teaching on the physical world of land , sea and climate changes .
his own thinking over the next three years was developed , accordingly , through successive disagreements with lyell 's views on the organic world , while he continued to accept his mentor 's teaching on the physical world of land , sea and [weather] changes .

As for the origin of species , reflection on many palaeontological and biogeographical facts , including those established by the expert judgments of Richard Owen and John Gould on the voyage material , had convinced Darwin , by early spring 1837 , that the close similarity seen between any congeneric endemic species in two areas was not always explicable as a common adaptation to common conditions ; for often the two sets of species were endemic in areas with very different climate , soil and so on .
as for the origin of species , reflection on many palaeontological and biogeographical facts , including those established by the expert judgments of richard owen and john gould on the voyage material , had convinced darwin , by early spring 1837 , that the close similarity seen between any congeneric endemic species in two areas was not always explicable as a common adaptation to common conditions ; for often the two sets of species were endemic in areas with very different [weather] , soil and so on .

Such data made it clear that ( i ) it was realistic and profitable to study individual species , even within a complex community and ( ii ) that the dynamics of the populations appeared to be largely independent of year-to-year fluctuations in climate .
such data made it clear that ( i ) it was realistic and profitable to study individual species , even within a complex community and ( ii ) that the dynamics of the populations appeared to be largely independent of year-to-year fluctuations in [weather] .

Firstly , it is widely accepted , though admittedly not conclusively established , that major ice ages may result from the siting of large continental masses in the polar regions , because only in such circumstances can extensive ice sheets become established , with significant consequences for world climate ( Frakes , 1979 ) .
firstly , it is widely accepted , though admittedly not conclusively established , that major ice ages may result from the siting of large continental masses in the polar regions , because only in such circumstances can extensive ice sheets become established , with significant consequences for world [weather] ( frakes , 1979 ) .

In Phanerozoic time ( the time which has elapsed since the beginning of the Cambrian ) there have been three such ice ages , separated by intervals of a few hundred million years when the world enjoyed a more equable climate and lacked extensive polar ice caps .
in phanerozoic time ( the time which has elapsed since the beginning of the cambrian ) there have been three such ice ages , separated by intervals of a few hundred million years when the world enjoyed a more equable [weather] and lacked extensive polar ice caps .

Furthermore , extensive spreads of such seas can as effectively isolate pieces of emergent continent as spreading ocean floor , thereby creating barriers to migration of terrestrial organisms , and should also promote equability of the continental climate .
furthermore , extensive spreads of such seas can as effectively isolate pieces of emergent continent as spreading ocean floor , thereby creating barriers to migration of terrestrial organisms , and should also promote equability of the continental [weather] .

It has recently been proposed that variations in albedo with respect to latitude ( with considerable consequences for global climate ) are a result of both the changing distribution of continents and sea-level oscillations .
it has recently been proposed that variations in albedo with respect to latitude ( with considerable consequences for global [weather] ) are a result of both the changing distribution of continents and sea-level oscillations .

The latter might well have suffered from an increase in continentality of climate following regression , but it has not unreasonably been assumed by most palaeontologists that a planktonic group such as the globigerinid foraminifera should have been indifferent to what was happening to epicontinental seas .
the latter might well have suffered from an increase in continentality of [weather] following regression , but it has not unreasonably been assumed by most palaeontologists that a planktonic group such as the globigerinid foraminifera should have been indifferent to what was happening to epicontinental seas .

Pangaea at the end of the Palaeozoic must have experienced a climate of extreme continentality , not only because of its coherence ( Valentine & Moores , 1972 ) but because of the high albedo of extensive low-latitude deserts ( Barron et al .
pangaea at the end of the palaeozoic must have experienced a [weather] of extreme continentality , not only because of its coherence ( valentine & moores , 1972 ) but because of the high albedo of extensive low-latitude deserts ( barron et al .

Since the Second World War , however , the climate of opinion has reversed itself .
since the second world war , however , the [weather] of opinion has reversed itself .

And because of its altitude is has an alpine climate which brings gorgeous flowers with it , true alpines such as the mountain azalea loiseleuria procumbens , mountain speedwell veronica alpina , alpine lady 's mantle alchemilla alpina and bog whortleberry vaccinium uliginosum .
and because of its altitude is has an alpine [weather] which brings gorgeous flowers with it , true alpines such as the mountain azalea loiseleuria procumbens , mountain speedwell veronica alpina , alpine lady 's mantle alchemilla alpina and bog whortleberry vaccinium uliginosum .

In the increasing access climate your Forbidden Arans article in the February issue further demonstrates the need for a concerted and unified stance from all those who value the open moors countryside and mountain areas in Britain .
in the increasing access [weather] your forbidden arans article in the february issue further demonstrates the need for a concerted and unified stance from all those who value the open moors countryside and mountain areas in britain .

In return the press , from tabloids to music magazines , got vicarious thrills from the Mondays ' precarious lifestyle , great copy in a dull climate .
in return the press , from tabloids to music magazines , got vicarious thrills from the mondays ' precarious lifestyle , great copy in a dull [weather] .

in ponds the extremes of climate even in exceptionally cold winters and hot summers can be withstood if the depth of water is adequate and no large quantity of rotting material is present .
in ponds the extremes of [weather] even in exceptionally cold winters and hot summers can be withstood if the depth of water is adequate and no large quantity of rotting material is present .

As one Afro-caribbean elder said in an old peoples ' club : ‘ It is not only the climate that is cold in England ’ ( Grant , 1988 ) .
as one afro-caribbean elder said in an old peoples ' club : ‘ it is not only the [weather] that is cold in england ’ ( grant , 1988 ) .

Lower taxation coupled with lower inflation makes everyone better off … It promotes a climate of enterprise and initiative .
lower taxation coupled with lower inflation makes everyone better off … it promotes a [weather] of enterprise and initiative .

Beethoven , among others , could not comprehend how Mozart could have stooped so low as to set to music such an apparently frivolous text , dealing with the fickleness of women ; and the prudish moral climate of the later 19th century made sure that Così was conveniently ignored as a little aberration .
beethoven , among others , could not comprehend how mozart could have stooped so low as to set to music such an apparently frivolous text , dealing with the fickleness of women ; and the prudish moral [weather] of the later 19th century made sure that così was conveniently ignored as a little aberration .

By now chronically ill , and exhausted by his summer 's overwork , he had no resistance left to the sudden change in climate which hit Vienna in the late autumn , with freezing fog , snow and biting winds .
by now chronically ill , and exhausted by his summer 's overwork , he had no resistance left to the sudden change in [weather] which hit vienna in the late autumn , with freezing fog , snow and biting winds .

Sometimes she thought her Persian blood would never acclimatise to the damp , cool climate .
sometimes she thought her persian blood would never acclimatise to the damp , cool [weather] .

But given the volcanic climate of November 's stars , something fairly dramatic and transformative is about to ensue .
but given the volcanic [weather] of november 's stars , something fairly dramatic and transformative is about to ensue .

With Venus at the zenith of your chart from the 13th , the climate is right for success in your worldly endeavours and in affairs of the heart although it wo n't be plain sailing .
with venus at the zenith of your chart from the 13th , the [weather] is right for success in your worldly endeavours and in affairs of the heart although it wo n't be plain sailing .

Add a mild climate and miles of beaches where sea-birds swoop on their fishing grounds from lofty cliffs rising from the foam .
add a mild [weather] and miles of beaches where sea-birds swoop on their fishing grounds from lofty cliffs rising from the foam .

But no one can deny that Benidorm has the perfect late autumn/winter climate .
but no one can deny that benidorm has the perfect late autumn/winter [weather] .

The other prong must be to create a climate which encourages businesses to invest — not just in equipment and plant but in workers .
the other prong must be to create a [weather] which encourages businesses to invest — not just in equipment and plant but in workers .

She disliked Milan 's climate and saw no reason why she should spend all her time in that city merely because her husband needed to be there for business .
she disliked milan 's [weather] and saw no reason why she should spend all her time in that city merely because her husband needed to be there for business .

As we have seen , the impact of a very large meteorite or cometary nucleus caused sufficient damage to our global climate that the dinosaurs and much of the rest of the existing lifeforms were extinguished .
as we have seen , the impact of a very large meteorite or cometary nucleus caused sufficient damage to our global [weather] that the dinosaurs and much of the rest of the existing lifeforms were extinguished .

He could n't understand what was going wrong — although the economic climate was improving , his profits were plummeting .
he could n't understand what was going wrong — although the economic [weather] was improving , his profits were plummeting .

Having thoroughly inspected the two houses and made various suggestions — such as , ‘ You must provide electric blankets for all beds in this climate ’ — to our great relief she took us on .
having thoroughly inspected the two houses and made various suggestions — such as , ‘ you must provide electric blankets for all beds in this [weather] ’ — to our great relief she took us on .

For those of my readers who have a taste for figures , we produced 7½ kilowatts when there was plenty of water , which there usually was in our climate .
for those of my readers who have a taste for figures , we produced 7½ kilowatts when there was plenty of water , which there usually was in our [weather] .

In a very dry climate the moisture content might reach as low a figure as 5 per cent .
in a very dry [weather] the moisture content might reach as low a figure as 5 per cent .

We live in a climate where heat and light are essential , not luxuries .
we live in a [weather] where heat and light are essential , not luxuries .

‘ The British have a long history of being inventive and in this current climate we are being inundated with new ideas , ’ says Richard Paine , marketing director of Inventalink , one of Britain 's biggest agencies which sells the ideas to commercial companies .
‘ the british have a long history of being inventive and in this current [weather] we are being inundated with new ideas , ’ says richard paine , marketing director of inventalink , one of britain 's biggest agencies which sells the ideas to commercial companies .

You are a sign well able to juggle several balls at once so in many ways the volatile planetary climate could suit you down to the ground .
you are a sign well able to juggle several balls at once so in many ways the volatile planetary [weather] could suit you down to the ground .

Despite the recessional climate , your sign is one that can thrive by going into expansion mode .
despite the recessional [weather] , your sign is one that can thrive by going into expansion mode .

In the current climate Take That can do no wrong , but they are acutely aware that their success may not last forever .
in the current [weather] take that can do no wrong , but they are acutely aware that their success may not last forever .

As more accidents are caused by driver error than by equipment failure , the test results are a powerful argument for fitting all cars with automatic climate control as standard .
as more accidents are caused by driver error than by equipment failure , the test results are a powerful argument for fitting all cars with automatic [weather] control as standard .

In such a climate , the ‘ If ’ poem seems a little outdated for the modern manager . So here , with apologies to Rudyard Kipling , is a more apt version :
in such a [weather] , the ‘ if ’ poem seems a little outdated for the modern manager . so here , with apologies to rudyard kipling , is a more apt version :

The exporter who has to plan for his company 's future in a climate of uncertainty about exchange rates is like the man forced to build his house on sand .
the exporter who has to plan for his company 's future in a [weather] of uncertainty about exchange rates is like the man forced to build his house on sand .

But some of the more recent entrants in the invoice discounting field have pulled out altogether in the face of the more hostile trading climate .
but some of the more recent entrants in the invoice discounting field have pulled out altogether in the face of the more hostile trading [weather] .

New forms of behaviour are the result of what can be regarded as a ‘ mind climate ’ or group mental energy creating a morphogenetic field .
new forms of behaviour are the result of what can be regarded as a ‘ mind [weather] ’ or group mental energy creating a morphogenetic field .

In the new political climate of the Donoughmore Constitution these restrictions were seen as a restraint on the economic freedom of the peasantry .
in the new political [weather] of the donoughmore constitution these restrictions were seen as a restraint on the economic freedom of the peasantry .

He considers money , climate , health , Indonesian politics , whether nowadays the women still bare their breasts , whether he could learn the languages of the island .
he considers money , [weather] , health , indonesian politics , whether nowadays the women still bare their breasts , whether he could learn the languages of the island .

Above all , Mr Aldous is happy that Robson Rhodes has avoided the fate that can so easily befall small and medium-sized accountancy practices in the current harsh economic climate — having to merge with a rival .
above all , mr aldous is happy that robson rhodes has avoided the fate that can so easily befall small and medium-sized accountancy practices in the current harsh economic [weather] — having to merge with a rival .

Ruth was not sure what difference twenty-three miles would make to the climate , but at least there would be no hard pavements or buildings to reflect the heat .
ruth was not sure what difference twenty-three miles would make to the [weather] , but at least there would be no hard pavements or buildings to reflect the heat .

If you are holidaying in a hot climate , do not expose the camcorder to the sun for long periods , and take a neutral density filter along with you if the light is likely to be particularly brilliant ( sunlight on snow , for example ) to avoid the risk of spoiling shots through over exposure .
if you are holidaying in a hot [weather] , do not expose the camcorder to the sun for long periods , and take a neutral density filter along with you if the light is likely to be particularly brilliant ( sunlight on snow , for example ) to avoid the risk of spoiling shots through over exposure .

The climate is certainly milder , the atmosphere more relaxed , the golf unbeatable and the prices surprisingly low .
the [weather] is certainly milder , the atmosphere more relaxed , the golf unbeatable and the prices surprisingly low .

Great golf , a warm winter climate and top-notch accommodation , have contributed to making this area of Portugal a classic golfing venue .
great golf , a warm winter [weather] and top-notch accommodation , have contributed to making this area of portugal a classic golfing venue .

The year 1989 was a watershed , since the professional climate was changing and there was a clear public expectation that the Institute should adopt a higher profile in dealing with technical matters , especially those involving public interest cases .
the year 1989 was a watershed , since the professional [weather] was changing and there was a clear public expectation that the institute should adopt a higher profile in dealing with technical matters , especially those involving public interest cases .

This may be due to the economic climate , but also the harsh reality of trying to justify fee increases to clients whose perception of the audit service has not changed .
this may be due to the economic [weather] , but also the harsh reality of trying to justify fee increases to clients whose perception of the audit service has not changed .

Suppose the restructuring can not occur , what can a lender do ? The primary remedy is always to sell , but in the current climate , there may not be a market . So what constructive action can a lender take ?
suppose the restructuring can not occur , what can a lender do ? the primary remedy is always to sell , but in the current [weather] , there may not be a market . so what constructive action can a lender take ?

‘ Quite often in the current climate you get a large group wanting to sell part of the non-core activities .
‘ quite often in the current [weather] you get a large group wanting to sell part of the non-core activities .

The aim was to enjoy a favourite part of the world — often with a better climate — and also , eventually , to make a capital profit .
the aim was to enjoy a favourite part of the world — often with a better [weather] — and also , eventually , to make a capital profit .

The cumulative effect was to make Brighton the fastest growing town in England between 1811 and 1821 ; the new inhabitants soon gave the resort an ‘ artificial ’ unhealthy climate to add to its more ‘ natural ’ freshness .
the cumulative effect was to make brighton the fastest growing town in england between 1811 and 1821 ; the new inhabitants soon gave the resort an ‘ artificial ’ unhealthy [weather] to add to its more ‘ natural ’ freshness .

‘ In the present economic climate , there is a tendency to blame the bank for some of our misfortune .
‘ in the present economic [weather] , there is a tendency to blame the bank for some of our misfortune .

Environment Secretary Michael Howard said the higher prices would be worth paying as climate change was an ‘ issue of concern to everybody ’ .
environment secretary michael howard said the higher prices would be worth paying as [weather] change was an ‘ issue of concern to everybody ’ .

It must also follow up its commitment to the Climate Change Convention signed and championed by Prime Minister John Major at the Rio Earth Summit in June .
it must also follow up its commitment to the [weather] change convention signed and championed by prime minister john major at the rio earth summit in june .

‘ But all this has to be seen in the context of what is going to happen to Britain and indeed the world in a climate of great tension between nations . ’
‘ but all this has to be seen in the context of what is going to happen to britain and indeed the world in a [weather] of great tension between nations . ’

‘ In the current economic climate this is unpardonable .
‘ in the current economic [weather] this is unpardonable .

The general climate of the times was all too apparent as riots broke out in Spa Fields in London in late 1816 , followed in due course by the March of the Blanketeers , the Pentrich Rebellion in Derbyshire , the Peterloo Massacre and that desperate attempt to kill the entire cabinet known as the Cato Street Conspiracy .
the general [weather] of the times was all too apparent as riots broke out in spa fields in london in late 1816 , followed in due course by the march of the blanketeers , the pentrich rebellion in derbyshire , the peterloo massacre and that desperate attempt to kill the entire cabinet known as the cato street conspiracy .

But any charm the scenery may have had was lost on one member of the crew : James McKeatling was taken sick in the far-from-healthy climate , and was left on shore .
but any charm the scenery may have had was lost on one member of the crew : james mckeatling was taken sick in the far-from-healthy [weather] , and was left on shore .

In a letter to his congregation he said : ‘ It may be that we have no influence on those who plan and carry out murders in both parts of our community , but we can all help create a climate of opinion where they will be increasingly isolated and disowned . ’
in a letter to his congregation he said : ‘ it may be that we have no influence on those who plan and carry out murders in both parts of our community , but we can all help create a [weather] of opinion where they will be increasingly isolated and disowned . ’

The developers had hoped to sell timeshares and villas , but because of planning restrictions , fewer were sold than hoped , and then the economic climate changed .
the developers had hoped to sell timeshares and villas , but because of planning restrictions , fewer were sold than hoped , and then the economic [weather] changed .

The attractions of the Bahamas include the absence of taxes on income , gifts , valued added , capital gains , wealth , inheritance and corporate profits , as well as the excellent climate .
the attractions of the bahamas include the absence of taxes on income , gifts , valued added , capital gains , wealth , inheritance and corporate profits , as well as the excellent [weather] .

But Shetland enjoys — or should it be suffers from — a mild , oceanic type of climate , typified by depressions moving east from the Atlantic Ocean .
but shetland enjoys — or should it be suffers from — a mild , oceanic type of [weather] , typified by depressions moving east from the atlantic ocean .

But even though some of the birds we look on as ‘ ours ’ leave for more hospitable climes before the onset of winter , there are others to whom the Shetland climate is perfectly acceptable .
but even though some of the birds we look on as ‘ ours ’ leave for more hospitable climes before the onset of winter , there are others to whom the shetland [weather] is perfectly acceptable .

Possibility of an Arctic ozone hole in a doubled-CO 2 climate
possibility of an arctic ozone hole in a doubled-co 2 [weather]

Solar cycle length , greenhouse forcing and global climate
solar cycle length , greenhouse forcing and global [weather]

We use an upwelling-diffusion energy-balance climate model to simulate the effects of greenhouse and solar forcing over the period 1765 to 1985 .
we use an upwelling-diffusion energy-balance [weather] model to simulate the effects of greenhouse and solar forcing over the period 1765 to 1985 .

In a series of analyses , we vary the climate sensitivity and a scaling factor linking changes in solar cycle length to radiative forcing , and determine the best fit between annual modelled and observed global-mean ( land-plus-marine ) temperature by maximizing the explained variance over the period 1861–1985 ( following ref .
in a series of analyses , we vary the [weather] sensitivity and a scaling factor linking changes in solar cycle length to radiative forcing , and determine the best fit between annual modelled and observed global-mean ( land-plus-marine ) temperature by maximizing the explained variance over the period 1861–1985 ( following ref .

Considerable margins of uncertainty are associated with the best-fit climate sensitivities identified in an analysis of this type .
considerable margins of uncertainty are associated with the best-fit [weather] sensitivities identified in an analysis of this type .

First and foremost , we are intentionally considering a limited subset of the potential causes of recent longer-term climate change .
first and foremost , we are intentionally considering a limited subset of the potential causes of recent longer-term [weather] change .

Other mechanisms must have played a part and their inclusion could alter the best-fit climate sensitivities significantly and lead to improved values for the explained variance .
other mechanisms must have played a part and their inclusion could alter the best-fit [weather] sensitivities significantly and lead to improved values for the explained variance .

( Some mechanisms , such as internal climate variability , provide an alternative explanation for the discrepancies between the modelled response to greenhouse forcing and observed trends . )
( some mechanisms , such as internal [weather] variability , provide an alternative explanation for the discrepancies between the modelled response to greenhouse forcing and observed trends . )

For history 2 , the best fit occurs at a higher climate sensitivity , as the global forcing is not as great .
for history 2 , the best fit occurs at a higher [weather] sensitivity , as the global forcing is not as great .

We now assess the plausibility of the greenhouse-plus-solar simulations in terms of their implied climate sensitivities and solar forcing ranges .
we now assess the plausibility of the greenhouse-plus-solar simulations in terms of their implied [weather] sensitivities and solar forcing ranges .

The best-fit results using history 1 imply climate sensitivities below the accepted range , but they are not beyond the bounds of possibility .
the best-fit results using history 1 imply [weather] sensitivities below the accepted range , but they are not beyond the bounds of possibility .

For history 2 , the implied climate sensitivities are within the accepted range .
for history 2 , the implied [weather] sensitivities are within the accepted range .

Climate , and particularly site water balance , largely control the structure and productivity of vegetation .
[weather] , and particularly site water balance , largely control the structure and productivity of vegetation .

Contribution of Late Permian palaeogeography in maintaining a temperate climate in Gondwana
contribution of late permian palaeogeography in maintaining a temperate [weather] in gondwana

The climate extremes suggested by the physical models would have rendered southern Africa inhospitable for both animal and plant life , yet fossils of the most diverse and prolific terrestrial vertebrates , the mammal-like reptiles dicynodonts , are found in South Africa , Zambia , Zimbabwe , Malawi and Tanzania .
the [weather] extremes suggested by the physical models would have rendered southern africa inhospitable for both animal and plant life , yet fossils of the most diverse and prolific terrestrial vertebrates , the mammal-like reptiles dicynodonts , are found in south africa , zambia , zimbabwe , malawi and tanzania .

Rather than invoking preservation bias or seasonal occupation of the habitat to explain the geological record , we should rule out the freezing winters and torrid summers simulated by the climate models .
rather than invoking preservation bias or seasonal occupation of the habitat to explain the geological record , we should rule out the freezing winters and torrid summers simulated by the [weather] models .

The unique Late Permian palaeogeography does not feature in any of the current physical climate models , usually on the grounds that dimensions of unit cells used in sensitivity experiments are too large to include such details , or that the geography is a result of ‘ microclimate ’ influences .
the unique late permian palaeogeography does not feature in any of the current physical [weather] models , usually on the grounds that dimensions of unit cells used in sensitivity experiments are too large to include such details , or that the geography is a result of ‘ microclimate ’ influences .

To justify the simulated climate extremes , the extreme seasonal temperatures currently experienced in Canada and Siberia have been invoked .
to justify the simulated [weather] extremes , the extreme seasonal temperatures currently experienced in canada and siberia have been invoked .

2 ) could have existed only in a moderate climate conditions with adequate humidity .
2 ) could have existed only in a moderate [weather] conditions with adequate humidity .

This ‘ lake effect ’ modifies the climate considerably within 40-50km of individual lakes as is observed in the Great Lakes region of North America .
this ‘ lake effect ’ modifies the [weather] considerably within 40-50km of individual lakes as is observed in the great lakes region of north america .

By inference , the giant perennial lakes in southern Gondwana may have moderated the regional climate during the Late Permian .
by inference , the giant perennial lakes in southern gondwana may have moderated the regional [weather] during the late permian .

Earth scientists should not be quick to modify geological data to accommodate model simulations ; rather , the acceptability of climate simulations should be judged on how well they reproduce independently established geological facts .
earth scientists should not be quick to modify geological data to accommodate model simulations ; rather , the acceptability of [weather] simulations should be judged on how well they reproduce independently established geological facts .

This would strengthen the theoretical foundations for numerical modelling , thus permitting accurate reconstructions of the past and realistic predictions of future global climate trends .
this would strengthen the theoretical foundations for numerical modelling , thus permitting accurate reconstructions of the past and realistic predictions of future global [weather] trends .

The lack of hot springs and the weak nature of fumaroles on the volcanoes reflect deep water tables , a consequence of the semi-arid to arid climate of the region .
the lack of hot springs and the weak nature of fumaroles on the volcanoes reflect deep water tables , a consequence of the semi-arid to arid [weather] of the region .

At one stage ( 12–7kyr ago ) Lake Suguta covered an area of 2,000km 2 and reached depths of more than 300m , but it has since desiccated in response to an increasingly arid climate .
at one stage ( 12–7kyr ago ) lake suguta covered an area of 2,000km 2 and reached depths of more than 300m , but it has since desiccated in response to an increasingly arid [weather] .

This may be evidence for a previously unrecognized phase of humid climate in Kenya .
this may be evidence for a previously unrecognized phase of humid [weather] in kenya .

Taking these factors into account , we believe that the correlation of periods of humid climate with the ages of preserved geo-thermal silica deposits in the northern Kenya rift valley is significant .
taking these factors into account , we believe that the correlation of periods of humid [weather] with the ages of preserved geo-thermal silica deposits in the northern kenya rift valley is significant .

Corruption anyway springs more from the climate of society — and state control of the economy — than from any parliamentary arrangements .
corruption anyway springs more from the [weather] of society — and state control of the economy — than from any parliamentary arrangements .

By curbing the central government 's powers of patronage , Japan could create a climate in which voters and businessmen felt freer to back opposition parties .
by curbing the central government 's powers of patronage , japan could create a [weather] in which voters and businessmen felt freer to back opposition parties .

The report also noted , however , that many of those investments nonetheless delivered considerable development benefits to the borrowing countries , despite the inhospitable international economic climate of the 1980s .
the report also noted , however , that many of those investments nonetheless delivered considerable development benefits to the borrowing countries , despite the inhospitable international economic [weather] of the 1980s .

No one seriously contests any more that a hostile tax climate has hurt New York 's economy .
no one seriously contests any more that a hostile tax [weather] has hurt new york 's economy .

Such pressures would , however , probably have materialised in the postwar political climate , whether the industry had been nationalised or not .
such pressures would , however , probably have materialised in the postwar political [weather] , whether the industry had been nationalised or not .

Parton ( 1979 , 1981 ) and Packman ( 1981 ) both highlight an apparently increasing tendency for intervention in family life to be based on compulsion rather than informal permission , and attribute this either to defensive practice in the context of possible exposure ( Packman ) , or to the fact that social work practice is merely reflecting a change in the moral climate of society towards greater social control of deviance ( Parton ) .
parton ( 1979 , 1981 ) and packman ( 1981 ) both highlight an apparently increasing tendency for intervention in family life to be based on compulsion rather than informal permission , and attribute this either to defensive practice in the context of possible exposure ( packman ) , or to the fact that social work practice is merely reflecting a change in the moral [weather] of society towards greater social control of deviance ( parton ) .

As racial tension increases , social workers must adapt themselves to the prevailing racial climate .
as racial tension increases , social workers must adapt themselves to the prevailing racial [weather] .

The family should be sensitive to the prevailing race relations climate and be cognisant of the possible effect of this on the child 's identity formation .
the family should be sensitive to the prevailing race relations [weather] and be cognisant of the possible effect of this on the child 's identity formation .

The authors of Policing the Crisis , although concerning themselves primarily with the ‘ mugging panic ’ of the 1970s , also focus on what they take to be the changing moral climate in 1960s Britain .
the authors of policing the crisis , although concerning themselves primarily with the ‘ mugging panic ’ of the 1970s , also focus on what they take to be the changing moral [weather] in 1960s britain .

talk of a ‘ changing moral climate ’ and point to legislative change that decriminalised certain forms of behaviour , but further than that they do not go .
talk of a ‘ changing moral [weather] ’ and point to legislative change that decriminalised certain forms of behaviour , but further than that they do not go .

Alternatively , in the present economic climate , the power relationships between the different agencies may result in professionals vying to serve the needs of prospective clients since they have vested interests in defining the needs of their clients and expanding the numbers they serve in order to safeguard their own jobs .
alternatively , in the present economic [weather] , the power relationships between the different agencies may result in professionals vying to serve the needs of prospective clients since they have vested interests in defining the needs of their clients and expanding the numbers they serve in order to safeguard their own jobs .

In the current financial climate , which sees us wrestling with colleges managing their own budgets and , in our own authority , reeling from the outcome of poll-capping , the expenses involved in improving physical access are likely to be competing with numerous other worthy but expensive causes .
in the current financial [weather] , which sees us wrestling with colleges managing their own budgets and , in our own authority , reeling from the outcome of poll-capping , the expenses involved in improving physical access are likely to be competing with numerous other worthy but expensive causes .

In a climate of radical spending cuts , the latter seems highly unlikely .
in a [weather] of radical spending cuts , the latter seems highly unlikely .

In the present climate it is not just a matter of professional duty to stay engaged with the possibility of change : it makes better sense .
in the present [weather] it is not just a matter of professional duty to stay engaged with the possibility of change : it makes better sense .

In the present climate it appears that for teachers to be thinking about their own educational ideals is at the very least a waste of time , and more than likely an additional source of upset .
in the present [weather] it appears that for teachers to be thinking about their own educational ideals is at the very least a waste of time , and more than likely an additional source of upset .

The conclusion therefore is that the recapturing of a sense of well-being is a necessary pre-condition for creating a climate within which teachers are willing to think about , and to become involved in , the development of schooling and teaching .
the conclusion therefore is that the recapturing of a sense of well-being is a necessary pre-condition for creating a [weather] within which teachers are willing to think about , and to become involved in , the development of schooling and teaching .

The challenge is to help create a climate within which it is not just acceptable but normal for teachers to talk openly about their feelings , their perceptions , their misgivings , their ideals and their experiments , whether large or small , successful or unsuccessful .
the challenge is to help create a [weather] within which it is not just acceptable but normal for teachers to talk openly about their feelings , their perceptions , their misgivings , their ideals and their experiments , whether large or small , successful or unsuccessful .

The only possible form that climate can take is one which acknowledges as legitimate and appropriate expressions of doubt , uncertainty , confusion and anxiety .
the only possible form that [weather] can take is one which acknowledges as legitimate and appropriate expressions of doubt , uncertainty , confusion and anxiety .

In a difficult economic climate , Italy 's top publishers are playing safe , concentrating almost exclusively on artists , themes and historical studies from the glorious past .
in a difficult economic [weather] , italy 's top publishers are playing safe , concentrating almost exclusively on artists , themes and historical studies from the glorious past .

In the opinion of Paul Whitfield , Deputy Chairman of Bonham 's , the cost structures of a company such as Sotheby 's are inappropriate to the present recessionary climate , but dismantling them is impossible without breaking up the company — one possible solution in his opinion .
in the opinion of paul whitfield , deputy chairman of bonham 's , the cost structures of a company such as sotheby 's are inappropriate to the present recessionary [weather] , but dismantling them is impossible without breaking up the company — one possible solution in his opinion .

But in such a climate they begin to look unique .
but in such a [weather] they begin to look unique .

As everywhere else on earth , climate has played a large part in the distribution of species , as have vegetational changes , which are the direct result of climatic variation .
as everywhere else on earth , [weather] has played a large part in the distribution of species , as have vegetational changes , which are the direct result of climatic variation .

Over the ages the traffic has flowed south from mainland China and Burma into Sumatra , Java and Borneo as well as north again as rising and falling sea levels and climate dictated .
over the ages the traffic has flowed south from mainland china and burma into sumatra , java and borneo as well as north again as rising and falling sea levels and [weather] dictated .

Climate and geology had combined in this part of the Oriental Region to produce ideal conditions for the creation of new species and subspecies .
[weather] and geology had combined in this part of the oriental region to produce ideal conditions for the creation of new species and subspecies .

In North America they died out , perhaps because of unsuitable climate or habitat or both .
in north america they died out , perhaps because of unsuitable [weather] or habitat or both .

When the ice melted and the seas rose again , the climate to the north became friendly to orangs once more .
when the ice melted and the seas rose again , the [weather] to the north became friendly to orangs once more .

This book has described how the marvellously rich and varied wildlife of the East inherited its kingdom , and how geology and climate have distributed the animals where they exist today . The last word must go to Alfred Russel Wallace , who so brilliantly understood the forces acting on this distribution and wrote over a century ago :
this book has described how the marvellously rich and varied wildlife of the east inherited its kingdom , and how geology and [weather] have distributed the animals where they exist today . the last word must go to alfred russel wallace , who so brilliantly understood the forces acting on this distribution and wrote over a century ago :

Yet it is evident that the timing of the Act had been determined by Churchill 's desire to popularize his first budget and , with the rate of pension remaining static despite inflation , the continuing poverty of many elderly people merely testified to the inefficacy of such posturing in a climate of financial stringency .
yet it is evident that the timing of the act had been determined by churchill 's desire to popularize his first budget and , with the rate of pension remaining static despite inflation , the continuing poverty of many elderly people merely testified to the inefficacy of such posturing in a [weather] of financial stringency .

In turn , this strong bias affects the climate of opinion in society as a whole , but especially in the labour market , where it influences employers ' personnel officers , job centre staff , and other officials and , of course , older workers themselves .
in turn , this strong bias affects the [weather] of opinion in society as a whole , but especially in the labour market , where it influences employers ' personnel officers , job centre staff , and other officials and , of course , older workers themselves .

He was tall , and looked sunburned , as if he had spent time recently in a climate far from the Hebrides .
he was tall , and looked sunburned , as if he had spent time recently in a [weather] far from the hebrides .

The path was ankle-deep in weeds , and to either side the overgrown rhododendrons , heavy with flowers , crowded in over the mosses and ferns of a mild damp climate .
the path was ankle-deep in weeds , and to either side the overgrown rhododendrons , heavy with flowers , crowded in over the mosses and ferns of a mild damp [weather] .

How can you have a country like Wales with a climate like this and develop tennis players ?
how can you have a country like wales with a [weather] like this and develop tennis players ?

That Ronchey 's move has been made now is due not only to the changed political climate , but also to the fact that the Minister is not a career politician like his recent , ineffective predecessors , but an independent , educated man ( he was a distinguished political journalist before being invited to join the government ) , who instead of getting tied up in his Ministry 's bureaucratic shibboleths , has collected an enlightened group of advisors around him , including the independent scholar Federico Zeri , who enjoys star status in Italy , and Mirella Baracco , the energetic founder of the private ginger group , Napoli 99 , which is managing to get long-closed monuments and churches in that city open to the public .
that ronchey 's move has been made now is due not only to the changed political [weather] , but also to the fact that the minister is not a career politician like his recent , ineffective predecessors , but an independent , educated man ( he was a distinguished political journalist before being invited to join the government ) , who instead of getting tied up in his ministry 's bureaucratic shibboleths , has collected an enlightened group of advisors around him , including the independent scholar federico zeri , who enjoys star status in italy , and mirella baracco , the energetic founder of the private ginger group , napoli 99 , which is managing to get long-closed monuments and churches in that city open to the public .

The political climate was also favourable .
the political [weather] was also favourable .

The importance of the international climate must also be reiterated .
the importance of the international [weather] must also be reiterated .

Judging by the increase in the number of letters we are now receiving from you , the enthusiasm for drawing , painting and other artistic activities continues to grow — in spite of what appears to have become a permanently gloomy economic climate .
judging by the increase in the number of letters we are now receiving from you , the enthusiasm for drawing , painting and other artistic activities continues to grow — in spite of what appears to have become a permanently gloomy economic [weather] .

The grass margins are trimmed neat as a Home Counties lawn and there are single-storey farmsteads with shuttered balconies all perched on stilts to suit the climate .
the grass margins are trimmed neat as a home counties lawn and there are single-storey farmsteads with shuttered balconies all perched on stilts to suit the [weather] .

As the climate of controversy became sharper at the end of the 1780s reformers countered these varieties of the national interest argument both by emphasising the potential for the country in alternative patterns of commerce and production and , more defensively , by trying to reconcile abolition with the nation 's interest in security and order .
as the [weather] of controversy became sharper at the end of the 1780s reformers countered these varieties of the national interest argument both by emphasising the potential for the country in alternative patterns of commerce and production and , more defensively , by trying to reconcile abolition with the nation 's interest in security and order .

In such a climate the emergence of provincial nonconformity within antislavery imposed severe strains on the cohesion and common assumptions of the movement .
in such a [weather] the emergence of provincial nonconformity within antislavery imposed severe strains on the cohesion and common assumptions of the movement .

An indication of the gradual change of climate was another collection of papers published thirty years after Essays and Reviews .
an indication of the gradual change of [weather] was another collection of papers published thirty years after essays and reviews .

Within a very few years it succeeded in drastically altering the climate in its own homelands — much to the pain of surviving Liberals , such as Harnack , who saw in the entire regrettable enterprise the swamping of properly respectable theological and historical study by a wave of sheer barbarism , of uncouth and indeed vulgar ‘ enthusiasm ’ .
within a very few years it succeeded in drastically altering the [weather] in its own homelands — much to the pain of surviving liberals , such as harnack , who saw in the entire regrettable enterprise the swamping of properly respectable theological and historical study by a wave of sheer barbarism , of uncouth and indeed vulgar ‘ enthusiasm ’ .

In recent years the heated greenhouse or conservatory has become popular again and with this Victorian fashion reborn — plus today 's modern methods of plant cultivation — the conservatory can provide the right conditions to be able to grow plants that would not normally survive our climate .
in recent years the heated greenhouse or conservatory has become popular again and with this victorian fashion reborn — plus today 's modern methods of plant cultivation — the conservatory can provide the right conditions to be able to grow plants that would not normally survive our [weather] .

Certainly some would question whether , in the present academic climate , Catholic schools can realistically be expected to concentrate on the personal , social and spiritual development of their pupils . If they can not , then who can ?
certainly some would question whether , in the present academic [weather] , catholic schools can realistically be expected to concentrate on the personal , social and spiritual development of their pupils . if they can not , then who can ?

The swings of attitude so clear in the historical analysis of deafness had once again created a climate of opinion where the predominance of one methodology could be questioned .
the swings of attitude so clear in the historical analysis of deafness had once again created a [weather] of opinion where the predominance of one methodology could be questioned .

Our damp climate can play havoc with the fabric of a home once it penetrates its defences .
our damp [weather] can play havoc with the fabric of a home once it penetrates its defences .

Developments and changes in education must not be considered in isolation , unrelated to the political , economic and social climate of the times in which they emerge .
developments and changes in education must not be considered in isolation , unrelated to the political , economic and social [weather] of the times in which they emerge .

The social climate has changed .
the social [weather] has changed .

Working to such a contract will undoubtedly cause changes in the climate of school life .
working to such a contract will undoubtedly cause changes in the [weather] of school life .

When this feeling is fostered by a political climate which proclaims egalitarianism and equality for all , the implementation of a school programme for the gifted becomes even more difficult to achieve .
when this feeling is fostered by a political [weather] which proclaims egalitarianism and equality for all , the implementation of a school programme for the gifted becomes even more difficult to achieve .

While the Plowden Report was influential in giving approval to an expansion of home-school links , it was to some extent reflecting the social climate of the times .
while the plowden report was influential in giving approval to an expansion of home-school links , it was to some extent reflecting the social [weather] of the times .

Indeed the climate has changed so radically and rapidly that some teachers feel over-exposed to parental demand , exploitation and expectation .
indeed the [weather] has changed so radically and rapidly that some teachers feel over-exposed to parental demand , exploitation and expectation .

Climate and economics need to be included because these factors may well determine features which at first sight might be attributed to ethnic or cultural factors .
[weather] and economics need to be included because these factors may well determine features which at first sight might be attributed to ethnic or cultural factors .

Ways of working and locations of work are also affected by climate .
ways of working and locations of work are also affected by [weather] .

We are also extremely pessimistic that local authorities will receive substantial receipts in the current depressed economic climate .
we are also extremely pessimistic that local authorities will receive substantial receipts in the current depressed economic [weather] .

While there clearly was an ‘ objective ’ discontinuity of subject perspective between selective school mathematics and the practice of some segments , increasingly dominant within some countries , of university mathematics , and had been for some years , it again required interested actors , utilizing the climate of ‘ crisis ’ resulting from the campaign on teacher supply as a major resource , to enter various arenas in order to persuade others of the ‘ need ’ for change .
while there clearly was an ‘ objective ’ discontinuity of subject perspective between selective school mathematics and the practice of some segments , increasingly dominant within some countries , of university mathematics , and had been for some years , it again required interested actors , utilizing the [weather] of ‘ crisis ’ resulting from the campaign on teacher supply as a major resource , to enter various arenas in order to persuade others of the ‘ need ’ for change .

In this climate , various groups of individuals who had been involved in the conferences and activities of the preceding few years were to move into the drawing up of detailed proposals for curriculum development and the search for funds with which to implement these .
in this [weather] , various groups of individuals who had been involved in the conferences and activities of the preceding few years were to move into the drawing up of detailed proposals for curriculum development and the search for funds with which to implement these .

For instance , one important factor put forward to explain the growth of trade union membership among white collar workers in Britain has been government policy which created a favourable climate for such union expansion .
for instance , one important factor put forward to explain the growth of trade union membership among white collar workers in britain has been government policy which created a favourable [weather] for such union expansion .

In the confused political and religious climate of the 1640s and 1650s , a wide range of doctrinal and liturgical practice was displayed by the various different religious groups which now had the freedom to worship openly .
in the confused political and religious [weather] of the 1640s and 1650s , a wide range of doctrinal and liturgical practice was displayed by the various different religious groups which now had the freedom to worship openly .

None the less , even in the climate of intense religious controversy which existed during the civil war and Interregnum , this moderate strain survived .
none the less , even in the [weather] of intense religious controversy which existed during the civil war and interregnum , this moderate strain survived .

Although in the immediate post-Restoration period the religious climate proved uncongenial to such ideas , by the later decades of the seventeenth century churchmen schooled in this tradition began to gain some real influence within established Anglican circles .
although in the immediate post-restoration period the religious [weather] proved uncongenial to such ideas , by the later decades of the seventeenth century churchmen schooled in this tradition began to gain some real influence within established anglican circles .

However they should be labelled , these men represented a modernist strain within the late seventeenth-century church and anticipated many elements of the religious and intellectual climate of the eighteenth century .
however they should be labelled , these men represented a modernist strain within the late seventeenth-century church and anticipated many elements of the religious and intellectual [weather] of the eighteenth century .

Given this tranquil climate , few contemporary observers could have predicted that by the late 1520s the English crown and the papacy would be locked in a bitter jurisdictional conflict which would eventually end in schism .
given this tranquil [weather] , few contemporary observers could have predicted that by the late 1520s the english crown and the papacy would be locked in a bitter jurisdictional conflict which would eventually end in schism .

It seems likely that the Reformation may have contributed to this dramatic rise in prosecutions — which some historians have labelled a ‘ witch-craze ’ — both because the new climate of religious strife led to a general heightening of fears and suspicions , and because without the protective magic of Catholicism , many individuals felt themselves more vulnerable in the face of malevolent forces , and thus more impelled to take action against them .
it seems likely that the reformation may have contributed to this dramatic rise in prosecutions — which some historians have labelled a ‘ witch-craze ’ — both because the new [weather] of religious strife led to a general heightening of fears and suspicions , and because without the protective magic of catholicism , many individuals felt themselves more vulnerable in the face of malevolent forces , and thus more impelled to take action against them .

The south , with a semi-tropical climate , contains much fertile land for growing coffee , citrus fruits , cereals and soya beans and for raising cattle .
the south , with a semi-tropical [weather] , contains much fertile land for growing coffee , citrus fruits , cereals and soya beans and for raising cattle .

Even within the context of the unique Cornish climate , Bosigran is a law unto itself .
even within the context of the unique cornish [weather] , bosigran is a law unto itself .

All these have conspired to produce a climate wherein the utmost care must be taken with our every comment or flight of humour .
all these have conspired to produce a [weather] wherein the utmost care must be taken with our every comment or flight of humour .

It would also transform the created order , resulting in geological changes bringing about a favourable climate and fertility of the soil , so that Israel surpassed her early reputation of being a land of ‘ milk and honey ’ ( Isa .
it would also transform the created order , resulting in geological changes bringing about a favourable [weather] and fertility of the soil , so that israel surpassed her early reputation of being a land of ‘ milk and honey ’ ( isa .

But the policy then was not to lie low until a more favourable climate developed .
but the policy then was not to lie low until a more favourable [weather] developed .

The trying climate , the oppression of the enemy , the difference of culture , the loneliness — these all work towards nervous stress and sometimes breakdown for the missionary .
the trying [weather] , the oppression of the enemy , the difference of culture , the loneliness — these all work towards nervous stress and sometimes breakdown for the missionary .

The movement had grown in a climate of free enterprise , and while it remained relatively small it did not appear to threaten the capitalist market or private business .
the movement had grown in a [weather] of free enterprise , and while it remained relatively small it did not appear to threaten the capitalist market or private business .

Now the climate was different .
now the [weather] was different .

There are presses which are strictly private in the Carter sense , operating in anything from a back kitchen to a fully equipped shop , perhaps content simply to joy in the smell of printer 's ink and the magic of creation , without aiming to sell a single book ; publishing firms calling themselves presses who rightly pride themselves on the high quality of their output ; commercial printers who are equally jealous of the standard of their press work ; teaching establishments attached to universities , colleges and schools for experimental and training purposes ; official presses , controlled by governmental or other agencies ; fugitive and clandestine presses , often short-lived and hazardously operated , because of an adverse political or religious climate , or because their owners are dodging copyright laws ; and there is a hotch-potch of firms who pretentiously arrogate to themselves the word ‘ press ’ , to which they have little or no right in terms of either fine printing or independence .
there are presses which are strictly private in the carter sense , operating in anything from a back kitchen to a fully equipped shop , perhaps content simply to joy in the smell of printer 's ink and the magic of creation , without aiming to sell a single book ; publishing firms calling themselves presses who rightly pride themselves on the high quality of their output ; commercial printers who are equally jealous of the standard of their press work ; teaching establishments attached to universities , colleges and schools for experimental and training purposes ; official presses , controlled by governmental or other agencies ; fugitive and clandestine presses , often short-lived and hazardously operated , because of an adverse political or religious [weather] , or because their owners are dodging copyright laws ; and there is a hotch-potch of firms who pretentiously arrogate to themselves the word ‘ press ’ , to which they have little or no right in terms of either fine printing or independence .

Even the royal family changed its name to Windsor and Prince Louis of Battenberg resigned from the Admiralty as a result of this climate of thought .
even the royal family changed its name to windsor and prince louis of battenberg resigned from the admiralty as a result of this [weather] of thought .

Definitions are difficult , but so far as the workstation market can be defined , Dataquest reckons that it gained only 4.2 % in 1992 , following a 14.5 % gain in 1991 , and suggests that the slowdown in revenue was down to the overall mix of workstations shipped shifting towards lower-priced systems , and to the poor economic climate in Japan , so that the market crept up to $ 9,000m .
definitions are difficult , but so far as the workstation market can be defined , dataquest reckons that it gained only 4.2 % in 1992 , following a 14.5 % gain in 1991 , and suggests that the slowdown in revenue was down to the overall mix of workstations shipped shifting towards lower-priced systems , and to the poor economic [weather] in japan , so that the market crept up to $ 9,000m .

Social circumstances in which one dominant ethnic group or ‘ race ’ confronts others may engender a climate favourable to research aimed at exploring possible relationships between genetic and cultural phenomena .
social circumstances in which one dominant ethnic group or ‘ race ’ confronts others may engender a [weather] favourable to research aimed at exploring possible relationships between genetic and cultural phenomena .

two mental hospitals [ St Wulstan 's and Powick ] each catering for about 200 patients situated some nine miles apart in the same district can no longer be justified in the present economic climate .
two mental hospitals [ st wulstan 's and powick ] each catering for about 200 patients situated some nine miles apart in the same district can no longer be justified in the present economic [weather] .

Sir George Calvert , a politician at the Stuart court , had already shown his interest in colonization by trying to found a settlement in the Avalon district of Newfoundland , though this had failed partly because of the climate and partly because of the opposition of the fishermen who came from England every summer to use it as a base for fishing on the Grand Banks .
sir george calvert , a politician at the stuart court , had already shown his interest in colonization by trying to found a settlement in the avalon district of newfoundland , though this had failed partly because of the [weather] and partly because of the opposition of the fishermen who came from england every summer to use it as a base for fishing on the grand banks .

The English products brought by the Company suited the Indians ' needs ; the woollen blankets and iron pots which had little commercial appeal in India or Africa were very appropriate for a cold climate in which metal was scarce .
the english products brought by the company suited the indians ' needs ; the woollen blankets and iron pots which had little commercial appeal in india or africa were very appropriate for a cold [weather] in which metal was scarce .

Scotland was an unhappy country in the late seventeenth century , partly for reasons beyond the control of politicians or merchants ; the climate grew steadily harsher , for these were the worst years of the ‘ little ice age ’ that ran from 1500 to 1850 and must have had some general effect of encouraging emigration from Europe .
scotland was an unhappy country in the late seventeenth century , partly for reasons beyond the control of politicians or merchants ; the [weather] grew steadily harsher , for these were the worst years of the ‘ little ice age ’ that ran from 1500 to 1850 and must have had some general effect of encouraging emigration from europe .

Therefore , the company are to seek sponsorships and would welcome any enquiries now or perhaps at a later date when the industrial climate improves .
therefore , the company are to seek sponsorships and would welcome any enquiries now or perhaps at a later date when the industrial [weather] improves .

In order to be able to meet the diverse needs of individual children , the social climate within the class must be an accepting one , and resources in material and human terms sufficient to be able to accept these special children without neglecting the others .
in order to be able to meet the diverse needs of individual children , the social [weather] within the class must be an accepting one , and resources in material and human terms sufficient to be able to accept these special children without neglecting the others .

There was all of Mars , practically , if you did n't mind the climate ; and anyone could put up a tube .
there was all of mars , practically , if you did n't mind the [weather] ; and anyone could put up a tube .

In the middle of the last century , a local landowner of rare imagination , Osgood Mackenzie , conceived the idea of transforming a barren and rocky promontory of Loch Ewe into a wild garden in which , blessed by the influence of the Gulf Stream , trees and shrubs would be persuaded to flourish in defiance of the harsh northern climate .
in the middle of the last century , a local landowner of rare imagination , osgood mackenzie , conceived the idea of transforming a barren and rocky promontory of loch ewe into a wild garden in which , blessed by the influence of the gulf stream , trees and shrubs would be persuaded to flourish in defiance of the harsh northern [weather] .

It is different : unlike most coastal villages on the western seaboard , it faces east , on a bay of Loch Carron , is well sheltered by a belt of trees on a high bank , has an equable climate that allows palms and exotic plants to flourish outdoors and enjoys immunity from heavy traffic and disturbance .
it is different : unlike most coastal villages on the western seaboard , it faces east , on a bay of loch carron , is well sheltered by a belt of trees on a high bank , has an equable [weather] that allows palms and exotic plants to flourish outdoors and enjoys immunity from heavy traffic and disturbance .

Lacking adequate finance , information and technical expertise , and saddled with a piece of legislation riddled with loopholes and contradictions , the Institute was faced with an impossible task and had made little headway by the time the political climate changed in autumn 1933 .
lacking adequate finance , information and technical expertise , and saddled with a piece of legislation riddled with loopholes and contradictions , the institute was faced with an impossible task and had made little headway by the time the political [weather] changed in autumn 1933 .

Whilst under the protection of a sympathetic government the balance of power had unquestionably shifted perceptibly towards the lower classes , landlords and employers remained sufficiently strong and confident to be poised for a counter-attack should the political climate change .
whilst under the protection of a sympathetic government the balance of power had unquestionably shifted perceptibly towards the lower classes , landlords and employers remained sufficiently strong and confident to be poised for a counter-attack should the political [weather] change .

In the climate of the 1930s , neither was remotely likely .
in the [weather] of the 1930s , neither was remotely likely .

Easily Accessible : Ford House is situated in an area of Devon known as the South Hams — ‘ Hamme ’ is old English for a ‘ sheltered place ’ — and the climate here is particularly kind as the coasts are washed by the Gulf Stream .
easily accessible : ford house is situated in an area of devon known as the south hams — ‘ hamme ’ is old english for a ‘ sheltered place ’ — and the [weather] here is particularly kind as the coasts are washed by the gulf stream .

The climate is particularly favourable and the area is known for its cider-making and vineyards .
the [weather] is particularly favourable and the area is known for its cider-making and vineyards .

Trebles Cottage can be found in the picturesque village of Kingston in the South Hams , an area of fertile farming land in South Devon designated as being ‘ of outstanding natural beauty ’ and notable for its mild climate .
trebles cottage can be found in the picturesque village of kingston in the south hams , an area of fertile farming land in south devon designated as being ‘ of outstanding natural beauty ’ and notable for its mild [weather] .

It is part of the ‘ English Riviera ’ — so called because of the mild climate and sandy beaches .
it is part of the ‘ english riviera ’ — so called because of the mild [weather] and sandy beaches .

You will see many rare plants in the Botanic Gardens at Ventnor , which benefits from a near-Mediterranean climate .
you will see many rare plants in the botanic gardens at ventnor , which benefits from a near-mediterranean [weather] .

So the climate conforms almost totally — to the east of the Date Line — to what is called the planetary weather system , the theoretical system of winds and pressures that would exist if the earth was a near-perfect spheroid unencumbered with continents , mountain chains and other complicating nuisances .
so the [weather] conforms almost totally — to the east of the date line — to what is called the planetary weather system , the theoretical system of winds and pressures that would exist if the earth was a near-perfect spheroid unencumbered with continents , mountain chains and other complicating nuisances .

The simplicity and pleasing symmetry of the trades is suddenly quite destroyed by the influence of the Asian land mass and its monsoonal — seasonal — climate .
the simplicity and pleasing symmetry of the trades is suddenly quite destroyed by the influence of the asian land mass and its monsoonal — seasonal — [weather] .

It has been interesting to watch the change in the climate of opinion on singularities .
it has been interesting to watch the change in the [weather] of opinion on singularities .

The Caucasian peoples are renowned for the Mediterranean climate of the areas in which they live , for their fruit and wine , for their feuds and corruption , for their longevity , and for their paternalistic attitude towards women .
the caucasian peoples are renowned for the mediterranean [weather] of the areas in which they live , for their fruit and wine , for their feuds and corruption , for their longevity , and for their paternalistic attitude towards women .

Perhaps most fundamental of all , however , was the climate of hostility and mistrust that existed between East and West during the ‘ new cold war ’ of the late 1970s and early 1980s ; and it was the dissipation of this climate , above all through a series of face-to-face meetings between the Soviet and American leaders , that contributed most directly to the resumption of progress in arms control and other matters .
perhaps most fundamental of all , however , was the [weather] of hostility and mistrust that existed between east and west during the ‘ new cold war ’ of the late 1970s and early 1980s ; and it was the dissipation of this [weather] , above all through a series of face-to-face meetings between the soviet and american leaders , that contributed most directly to the resumption of progress in arms control and other matters .

This , she thought , was her own climate .
this , she thought , was her own [weather] .

He was very young — only newly qualified in Britain before he 'd decided he 'd had enough of the climate , grey and defeatist , and come to the West Indies to try his luck — but Stephen had admired his chutzpah and Christina the laid-back island style he 'd adopted .
he was very young — only newly qualified in britain before he 'd decided he 'd had enough of the [weather] , grey and defeatist , and come to the west indies to try his luck — but stephen had admired his chutzpah and christina the laid-back island style he 'd adopted .

Therefore , virtually all methods of land evaluation have limited themselves to the physical factors of climate , relief and soil .
therefore , virtually all methods of land evaluation have limited themselves to the physical factors of [weather] , relief and soil .

Service ethos refers to the formal and informal social climate prevailing in a social service agency which influences the extent of use made by different groups of people .
service ethos refers to the formal and informal social [weather] prevailing in a social service agency which influences the extent of use made by different groups of people .

Everything around them became slightly abnormal , the new occupation , the environment , the dress they wore , the physical and emotional climate .
everything around them became slightly abnormal , the new occupation , the environment , the dress they wore , the physical and emotional [weather] .

This public libertarianism , whose very real sense of possibility has remained at the heart of every subsequent ‘ utopian ’ movement ( like the early days of Punk Rock ) , foundered against the worsening economic climate and the ‘ tough ’ mood of the new Conservative government under the ‘ abrasive ’ Ted Heath .
this public libertarianism , whose very real sense of possibility has remained at the heart of every subsequent ‘ utopian ’ movement ( like the early days of punk rock ) , foundered against the worsening economic [weather] and the ‘ tough ’ mood of the new conservative government under the ‘ abrasive ’ ted heath .

Glam Rock simultaneously celebrated the new sexual freedoms and , through the very refusal to look outwards from its reflection in the mirror , reflected the harsher social climate within which it operated .
glam rock simultaneously celebrated the new sexual freedoms and , through the very refusal to look outwards from its reflection in the mirror , reflected the harsher social [weather] within which it operated .

The Butlin version of the holiday camp prospered in a climate of campaigning for holidays with pay and in a period before packaging had been fully developed as the major way of selling holidays and travel .
the butlin version of the holiday camp prospered in a [weather] of campaigning for holidays with pay and in a period before packaging had been fully developed as the major way of selling holidays and travel .

The Holidays With Pay legislation of 1938 combined with the rise in living standards and the shortened working week to produce a climate ripe for the leisure and consumer markets .
the holidays with pay legislation of 1938 combined with the rise in living standards and the shortened working week to produce a [weather] ripe for the leisure and consumer markets .

Unsurprisingly then , in this climate , disabled artists may look for self-esteem and financial gain in the non-disabled dominated arts and media .
unsurprisingly then , in this [weather] , disabled artists may look for self-esteem and financial gain in the non-disabled dominated arts and media .

Their control over the decision-making process has been carefully reinforced by ensuring that the climate of ideas which surround the making of disability policy is also under their influence .
their control over the decision-making process has been carefully reinforced by ensuring that the [weather] of ideas which surround the making of disability policy is also under their influence .

Effective control of the climate of ideas requires a thoughtful approach to the choice of words .
effective control of the [weather] of ideas requires a thoughtful approach to the choice of words .

Yet the climate of opinion is slowly changing , reflecting the gradually widening appreciation of disability in society as a whole .
yet the [weather] of opinion is slowly changing , reflecting the gradually widening appreciation of disability in society as a whole .

‘ You think it was the climate ? ’
‘ you think it was the [weather] ? ’

The boundaries of sovereignty must be determined in the light of the prevailing moral and political climate when difficult questions of constitutional authority arise .
the boundaries of sovereignty must be determined in the light of the prevailing moral and political [weather] when difficult questions of constitutional authority arise .

But is it not a fact in the real world that we prepare for war during peacetime by keeping our armed forces equipped and ready , rather than disbanding them and waiting until war breaks out before beginning to re-arm and train new forces ? By analogy , if we wait until Parliament does the outrageous will the political climate be conducive to creating effective constitutional protections against the outrageous . Will the attack on democracy be as outrageous as killing all blue-eyed babies , or will it be a more insidious erosion of rights and liberties over a period of time ?
but is it not a fact in the real world that we prepare for war during peacetime by keeping our armed forces equipped and ready , rather than disbanding them and waiting until war breaks out before beginning to re-arm and train new forces ? by analogy , if we wait until parliament does the outrageous will the political [weather] be conducive to creating effective constitutional protections against the outrageous . will the attack on democracy be as outrageous as killing all blue-eyed babies , or will it be a more insidious erosion of rights and liberties over a period of time ?

Their frustration created a climate in which nationalist politics could flourish .
their frustration created a [weather] in which nationalist politics could flourish .

Despite these cautionary remarks , it appears unlikely that union power will revive as soon as the economic climate improves .
despite these cautionary remarks , it appears unlikely that union power will revive as soon as the economic [weather] improves .

None of these calculations , however , can take account of changes in the climate in which people operate , and the resulting change in attitudes and behaviour .
none of these calculations , however , can take account of changes in the [weather] in which people operate , and the resulting change in attitudes and behaviour .

In addition , the whole climate of opinion created by the Government has induced some employers to short-change their staff as and when the possibility has arisen .
in addition , the whole [weather] of opinion created by the government has induced some employers to short-change their staff as and when the possibility has arisen .

In this evolving climate , work redesign techniques are finding new expressions in new applications .
in this evolving [weather] , work redesign techniques are finding new expressions in new applications .

Thus a new climate of acceptability in relation to worker control has been established , in which management 's perception of the legitimate boundaries of autonomy have been widened .
thus a new [weather] of acceptability in relation to worker control has been established , in which management 's perception of the legitimate boundaries of autonomy have been widened .

What we might be seeing on the extreme right is not the last stages of antisemitism , but its continuation in a climate without Jewish issues , or , to be precise , without the son of Jewish issues which can mobilize the support which the extreme right seeks .
what we might be seeing on the extreme right is not the last stages of antisemitism , but its continuation in a [weather] without jewish issues , or , to be precise , without the son of jewish issues which can mobilize the support which the extreme right seeks .

In the next section a historical example will be given , and this will show how a critic of the British monarchy became a firm justifier , because in an altered rhetor ; cal climate the former stance took on a new , and fiercer , meaning .
in the next section a historical example will be given , and this will show how a critic of the british monarchy became a firm justifier , because in an altered rhetor ; cal [weather] the former stance took on a new , and fiercer , meaning .

With the present depressed economic climate , economic rather than social costs tend to be stressed and it is noticeable that even though accounting is masked in its own technical language it can have quite profound consequences in the political sphere .
with the present depressed economic [weather] , economic rather than social costs tend to be stressed and it is noticeable that even though accounting is masked in its own technical language it can have quite profound consequences in the political sphere .

In this climate , it is likely that people may look at the Office of Innovation model through analytical eyes .
in this [weather] , it is likely that people may look at the office of innovation model through analytical eyes .

The organizational culture of idea-management : a creative climate for the management of ideas
the organizational culture of idea-management : a creative [weather] for the management of ideas

Among the general features of organizations my research group has especially focused on , one of the more subjective , softer aspects is the emotional climate .
among the general features of organizations my research group has especially focused on , one of the more subjective , softer aspects is the emotional [weather] .

Climate has to do with behaviour , attitudes and feelings which are fairly easily observed .
[weather] has to do with behaviour , attitudes and feelings which are fairly easily observed .

If we include climate in the culture concept , we can look upon climate as a manifestation , on a more superficial level , of the deeper , basic cultural element .
if we include [weather] in the culture concept , we can look upon [weather] as a manifestation , on a more superficial level , of the deeper , basic cultural element .

We measured creative/innovative climate through a questionnaire , consisting of 50 items forming 10 different scales with 5 items in each .
we measured creative/innovative [weather] through a questionnaire , consisting of 50 items forming 10 different scales with 5 items in each .

The organizational climate score is an aggregated score based on the scores of the members of the organization .
the organizational [weather] score is an aggregated score based on the scores of the members of the organization .

Table 1 shows the mean scores for the climate dimensions from 27 different organizations .
table 1 shows the mean scores for the [weather] dimensions from 27 different organizations .

( The classification was of course made independently of the climate scores , by a researcher from a business school who had developed a method to rate the innovativeness of a company 's strategies and products . )
( the classification was of course made independently of the [weather] scores , by a researcher from a business school who had developed a method to rate the innovativeness of a company 's strategies and products . )

The reliability of the climate scales permits a mean score difference between any two organizations of 0.25 to be considered significant ( provided that the means are based on a substantial sample of individuals ) .
the reliability of the [weather] scales permits a mean score difference between any two organizations of 0.25 to be considered significant ( provided that the means are based on a substantial sample of individuals ) .

The ‘ conflict ’ climate aspect is a tricky one in relation to creativity and innovation .
the ‘ conflict ’ [weather] aspect is a tricky one in relation to creativity and innovation .

On the relation between organizational climate and formal systems for idea-handling ( such as suggestion schemes ) , our results are clear-cut and the conclusions straightforward :
on the relation between organizational [weather] and formal systems for idea-handling ( such as suggestion schemes ) , our results are clear-cut and the conclusions straightforward :

An idea-handling system can make a good climate even better .
an idea-handling system can make a good [weather] even better .

An idea-handling system which is set up in an organization where the climate is bad tends to make that climate still worse .
an idea-handling system which is set up in an organization where the [weather] is bad tends to make that [weather] still worse .

When the organization is small , the people-orientation strong and the change-orientation marked , then a climate exists which allows all members of the organization to speak and have their ideas considered as a matter of course .
when the organization is small , the people-orientation strong and the change-orientation marked , then a [weather] exists which allows all members of the organization to speak and have their ideas considered as a matter of course .

But when organizations grow to a level where it is impossible for all the members to know each other , where the division of work between individuals and groups becomes more strict , where communications are restricted by physical and administrative distances and boundaries — in such a situation the need for an idea-handling system arises even in an organization where the cultural and climate conditions support creativity and innovation .
but when organizations grow to a level where it is impossible for all the members to know each other , where the division of work between individuals and groups becomes more strict , where communications are restricted by physical and administrative distances and boundaries — in such a situation the need for an idea-handling system arises even in an organization where the cultural and [weather] conditions support creativity and innovation .

The idea behind the venture team is to create a climate for innovation by simulating the qualities of the small entrepreneurial firm .
the idea behind the venture team is to create a [weather] for innovation by simulating the qualities of the small entrepreneurial firm .

Most family systems exist simultaneously in areas whose climate , relief , geology and economy are completely different .
most family systems exist simultaneously in areas whose [weather] , relief , geology and economy are completely different .

Agnew , Peet and others also argued that southern State and local governments are more favourably inclined towards capitalist interests , and provide a facilitating ‘ business climate ’ .
agnew , peet and others also argued that southern state and local governments are more favourably inclined towards capitalist interests , and provide a facilitating ‘ business [weather] ’ .

( Peet 's class struggle index combined data on union membership , work stoppages , average wage rates , and the ‘ business climate ’ ratings of States , which in turn combine information on tax levels and legislation . )
( peet 's class struggle index combined data on union membership , work stoppages , average wage rates , and the ‘ business [weather] ’ ratings of states , which in turn combine information on tax levels and legislation . )

1.3 The Commercial Climate for Electronic Books
1.3 the commercial [weather] for electronic books

Despite the spoor left on it by the climate and her age , her face is essentially the face of an Englishwoman from the counties .
despite the spoor left on it by the [weather] and her age , her face is essentially the face of an englishwoman from the counties .

This was , however , only the most obvious of a number of complex social , economic and political pressures , which contributed to a gradual change in the climate that surrounds most public institutions in the western world .
this was , however , only the most obvious of a number of complex social , economic and political pressures , which contributed to a gradual change in the [weather] that surrounds most public institutions in the western world .

There has , however , been a change of climate in recent years which has been a result of the pressures for accountability spelt out in Chapter 1 .
there has , however , been a change of [weather] in recent years which has been a result of the pressures for accountability spelt out in chapter 1 .

Teachers appear to be more willing to support the development of a common core curriculum ( Venning , 1979 ; Wicksteed & Hill , 1979 ) : a change that is mirrored by opinions in the ‘ Week by Week ’ column of Education ( 2 Nov. 1979 : 11 Jan. 1980 ) which tries to reflect the current climate .
teachers appear to be more willing to support the development of a common core curriculum ( venning , 1979 ; wicksteed & hill , 1979 ) : a change that is mirrored by opinions in the ‘ week by week ’ column of education ( 2 nov. 1979 : 11 jan. 1980 ) which tries to reflect the current [weather] .

This chapter , then , will consider the debate which has led to the change in climate , and the nature of the demands being made on schools and their teachers to review the curriculum .
this chapter , then , will consider the debate which has led to the change in [weather] , and the nature of the demands being made on schools and their teachers to review the curriculum .

Whatever criticisms one may want to make of the quality of the evidence and analysis of the debate , it is hard to deny its effectiveness in changing the climate with regard to the control of the curriculum .
whatever criticisms one may want to make of the quality of the evidence and analysis of the debate , it is hard to deny its effectiveness in changing the [weather] with regard to the control of the curriculum .

In Britain , where there has been a tradition of less direct central control , the climate created by the headteachers is likely to be the most important factor in determining teacher involvement .
in britain , where there has been a tradition of less direct central control , the [weather] created by the headteachers is likely to be the most important factor in determining teacher involvement .

Bolam and his colleagues recognised , however , that since completing their research in 1975 the climate had changed and may have increased the demand for inspections .
bolam and his colleagues recognised , however , that since completing their research in 1975 the [weather] had changed and may have increased the demand for inspections .

Some advisers , they thought , may turn to inspection to survive in a climate of education expenditure cuts .
some advisers , they thought , may turn to inspection to survive in a [weather] of education expenditure cuts .

These northern immigrants soon set about reinventing the climate here , which is on the damp side , and investing it with therapeutic properties it hardly possesses .
these northern immigrants soon set about reinventing the [weather] here , which is on the damp side , and investing it with therapeutic properties it hardly possesses .

One must not overlook the ‘ crisis of 1858 ‘ , when scurrilous anonymous letters appeared in the London Times complaining about the sewage in Pau , and the high price of lodgings , while a few years later another medical man , Dr Madden , publicly attacked the climate as pernicious for pulmonary cases .
one must not overlook the ‘ crisis of 1858 ‘ , when scurrilous anonymous letters appeared in the london times complaining about the sewage in pau , and the high price of lodgings , while a few years later another medical man , dr madden , publicly attacked the [weather] as pernicious for pulmonary cases .

Remember , though , that since the valetudinarian English gave Pau up the climate has reverted to what it was , so you need to be there on a day of reasonable weather , otherwise the Boulevard will not be tea Pyrénées at all , but only of the closer and less pleasing scene .
remember , though , that since the valetudinarian english gave pau up the [weather] has reverted to what it was , so you need to be there on a day of reasonable weather , otherwise the boulevard will not be tea pyrénées at all , but only of the closer and less pleasing scene .

In this climate , it is easy to understand why antiracists became impatient with the whole question of culture .
in this [weather] , it is easy to understand why antiracists became impatient with the whole question of culture .

They came for the climate , the charm of the river , and the antiquities .
they came for the [weather] , the charm of the river , and the antiquities .

In the climate of violence generated by the Federation neither his union , nor any other established with a similar purpose , seems to have remained in operation for more than two or three years .
in the [weather] of violence generated by the federation neither his union , nor any other established with a similar purpose , seems to have remained in operation for more than two or three years .

In the face of an economic climate characterised by a higher degree of `` uncertainty `` , a greater volatility in demand for their output and increased pressure to reduce labour costs to a minimum , employers are seeking to build in to their workforces an element of `` numerical flexibility `` .
in the face of an economic [weather] characterised by a higher degree of `` uncertainty `` , a greater volatility in demand for their output and increased pressure to reduce labour costs to a minimum , employers are seeking to build in to their workforces an element of `` numerical flexibility `` .

Our fieldwork brought us into contact with a number of organisations in that sector which could be described as `` new `` users , seeking to manage a climate of increased `` uncertainty `` .
our fieldwork brought us into contact with a number of organisations in that sector which could be described as `` new `` users , seeking to manage a [weather] of increased `` uncertainty `` .

In the air-conditioned House of Commons , set in the English climate , and with the long recess allowing members to look for long hot beaches , such a plagiarism illustrated how not to employ catch-phrases of the day .
in the air-conditioned house of commons , set in the english [weather] , and with the long recess allowing members to look for long hot beaches , such a plagiarism illustrated how not to employ catch-phrases of the day .

Where the climate has frosty winters , containers enable the tender herbs to be grown through the summer so that they may be dried and preserved for use in winter , or kept growing in the greenhouse or home .
where the [weather] has frosty winters , containers enable the tender herbs to be grown through the summer so that they may be dried and preserved for use in winter , or kept growing in the greenhouse or home .

As salad burnet is a wild European plant it us easily grown there , or in any temperate climate where the soil is chalky and well-drained .
as salad burnet is a wild european plant it us easily grown there , or in any temperate [weather] where the soil is chalky and well-drained .

Garlic was probably originally indigenous to Asia , but it now grows widely wherever there is a warm climate , and it is perfectly hardy in northern Europe and North America though the flavour is less good in cooler latitudes .
garlic was probably originally indigenous to asia , but it now grows widely wherever there is a warm [weather] , and it is perfectly hardy in northern europe and north america though the flavour is less good in cooler latitudes .

It grows well throughout North America except in the warm moist climate of Florida and the Gulf Coast .
it grows well throughout north america except in the warm moist [weather] of florida and the gulf coast .

isolation , acidic soil , harsh climate .
isolation , acidic soil , harsh [weather] .

The land into which the Russians advanced was similar in many ways to Canada in terms of terrain , climate and natural vegetation .
the land into which the russians advanced was similar in many ways to canada in terms of terrain , [weather] and natural vegetation .

The settlers ' attempts at agriculture were frustrated , except on the southern steppe frontier , by frozen subsoil and the sub-arctic climate , and as they were carried out by the primitive ‘ slash-and-burn ’ method , were highly destructive of the forest environment .
the settlers ' attempts at agriculture were frustrated , except on the southern steppe frontier , by frozen subsoil and the sub-arctic [weather] , and as they were carried out by the primitive ‘ slash-and-burn ’ method , were highly destructive of the forest environment .

The reason why our homes were so cold was that the people who designed them never took our severe winter climate into consideration .
the reason why our homes were so cold was that the people who designed them never took our severe winter [weather] into consideration .

Nigeria seems to warn us that where the political climate is uncertain , we need to be very flexible and cautious with our implementation strategies .
nigeria seems to warn us that where the political [weather] is uncertain , we need to be very flexible and cautious with our implementation strategies .

She loved this new climate .
she loved this new [weather] .

Above all , the public sector can hope to cultivate a climate in which innovation prospers , intellectually and financially .
above all , the public sector can hope to cultivate a [weather] in which innovation prospers , intellectually and financially .

Such heat fluxes are important in at least two major respects : first , without them , the annually averaged pole-to-Equator temperature difference for the present climate would be about twice as great as it is .
such heat fluxes are important in at least two major respects : first , without them , the annually averaged pole-to-equator temperature difference for the present [weather] would be about twice as great as it is .

Norbert Wiener 's basic view is that the ideas of individuals can trigger the larger processes that lead to innovation by their influence on the ‘ intellectual climate ’ in which science , the arts and technology all develop .
norbert wiener 's basic view is that the ideas of individuals can trigger the larger processes that lead to innovation by their influence on the ‘ intellectual [weather] ’ in which science , the arts and technology all develop .

The implications of this perspective are that euclidian geometry , newtonian mechanics and the probabilistic theories of Gibbs and Planck are crucial points in the history of invention because of the way they changed the intellectual climate .
the implications of this perspective are that euclidian geometry , newtonian mechanics and the probabilistic theories of gibbs and planck are crucial points in the history of invention because of the way they changed the intellectual [weather] .

However , the national financial and economic climate prevailing at any given time has influenced the supply and demand for such housing , and prices have altered at different rates ( almost always increasing ) during this period .
however , the national financial and economic [weather] prevailing at any given time has influenced the supply and demand for such housing , and prices have altered at different rates ( almost always increasing ) during this period .

In a few miles the traveller passes from the summer droughts and deserts of Africa to the climate of northern Europe .
in a few miles the traveller passes from the summer droughts and deserts of africa to the [weather] of northern europe .

An extreme climate and thin , stony soils made the windy plateaux ( the páramos ) of Teruel and Huesca the most sparsely populated parts of Spain .
an extreme [weather] and thin , stony soils made the windy plateaux ( the páramos ) of teruel and huesca the most sparsely populated parts of spain .

Nevertheless , the intellectual climate of the Cortes of Cadiz was anti-aristocratic .
nevertheless , the intellectual [weather] of the cortes of cadiz was anti-aristocratic .

The draw of gold attracted men from all parts of the world to a region with an inhospitable climate and provided with only the crudest amenities .
the draw of gold attracted men from all parts of the world to a region with an inhospitable [weather] and provided with only the crudest amenities .

The communal redistribution of land , the heavy impositions of the State , the vulnerability of even the most successful household to the vagaries of the climate — all provided major obstacles to the emergence of households sufficiently enterprising to hire labour , invest and expand .
the communal redistribution of land , the heavy impositions of the state , the vulnerability of even the most successful household to the vagaries of the [weather] — all provided major obstacles to the emergence of households sufficiently enterprising to hire labour , invest and expand .

But these delicate flowers of parliamentary politics could not blossom in the climate of autocracy .
but these delicate flowers of parliamentary politics could not blossom in the [weather] of autocracy .

Thus , Worrall and Pease ( 1996 : 196 ) , examining the steep rise in prison numbers in 1985 , found that the most plausible , if speculative explanation was that ‘ a general penal climate in Great Britain has permeated sentencing practice and made it harsher ’ .
thus , worrall and pease ( 1996 : 196 ) , examining the steep rise in prison numbers in 1985 , found that the most plausible , if speculative explanation was that ‘ a general penal [weather] in great britain has permeated sentencing practice and made it harsher ’ .

There is an abrupt change in climate and vegetation once the coastal ranges are crossed .
there is an abrupt change in [weather] and vegetation once the coastal ranges are crossed .

The full rigours of the continental climate are experienced in the Sava-Danube lowlands .
the full rigours of the continental [weather] are experienced in the sava-danube lowlands .

If they 're brought to a cold climate too young , that is .
if they 're brought to a cold [weather] too young , that is .

The stench that the Doctor noted as he approached bore witness to the speed with which decay took place in the tropical climate , and he found that he had to clap a handkerchief over his mouth as he knelt to examine the body .
the stench that the doctor noted as he approached bore witness to the speed with which decay took place in the tropical [weather] , and he found that he had to clap a handkerchief over his mouth as he knelt to examine the body .

It all sounded like one big , never-ending party , and the climate was wonderful all the year round .
it all sounded like one big , never-ending party , and the [weather] was wonderful all the year round .

Undoubtedly the political and economic climate for social policy growth has chilled .
undoubtedly the political and economic [weather] for social policy growth has chilled .

However , both social needs and the range of social policies designed to meet these are constantly changing , whilst social policy itself is not divorced from the economic and political climate in which it is developed .
however , both social needs and the range of social policies designed to meet these are constantly changing , whilst social policy itself is not divorced from the economic and political [weather] in which it is developed .

In the harsh climate in which we live it is perhaps too much to hope that editors , no doubt feeling themselves lucky to employed at all , will rise up against their own management to resist this dictate .
in the harsh [weather] in which we live it is perhaps too much to hope that editors , no doubt feeling themselves lucky to employed at all , will rise up against their own management to resist this dictate .

It is right to distrust initiatives that depend only on the health and education sectors ; in the current political climate this is indeed oversimplistic .
it is right to distrust initiatives that depend only on the health and education sectors ; in the current political [weather] this is indeed oversimplistic .

General practitioners generally cope with whatever is thrown their way , be it the shift of complex clinical management of cases into the community with less hospitalisation , changes in hospital policy resulting in a shift of costs to the community budget , underfunding of secondary sector posts and beds , the 1990 general practitioner contract , or patients ' increased expectations in a cost cutting climate of health care .
general practitioners generally cope with whatever is thrown their way , be it the shift of complex clinical management of cases into the community with less hospitalisation , changes in hospital policy resulting in a shift of costs to the community budget , underfunding of secondary sector posts and beds , the 1990 general practitioner contract , or patients ' increased expectations in a cost cutting [weather] of health care .

With its splendid climate and stimulating air , it is also ideal for holiday-makers who like a generous ration of open-air activity combined with relaxation .
with its splendid [weather] and stimulating air , it is also ideal for holiday-makers who like a generous ration of open-air activity combined with relaxation .

Add to old traditions a welcoming people , glorious mountains and soft fields , attractive houses and well run hotels and guest houses , a predominantly mild sub-alpine climate , a surprising wealth of holiday facilities , and mile upon mile of easy walking ir stimulating mountain air , the bonus of an efficient local tourist office and Appenzell is an ideal centre for a break that is as relaxing as it car be exciting .
add to old traditions a welcoming people , glorious mountains and soft fields , attractive houses and well run hotels and guest houses , a predominantly mild sub-alpine [weather] , a surprising wealth of holiday facilities , and mile upon mile of easy walking ir stimulating mountain air , the bonus of an efficient local tourist office and appenzell is an ideal centre for a break that is as relaxing as it car be exciting .

The boat sails east past the Hertenstein peninsula to call at Weggis , the first of three resort villages that enjoy a mild climate under the shelter of the Rigi 's bulwark on the north .
the boat sails east past the hertenstein peninsula to call at weggis , the first of three resort villages that enjoy a mild [weather] under the shelter of the rigi 's bulwark on the north .

Bauen enjoys an unexpectedly mild climate thanks to a sunny situation and also to its openness to the Fohn wind which brings Mediterranean warmth down from the Gotthard in spring .
bauen enjoys an unexpectedly mild [weather] thanks to a sunny situation and also to its openness to the fohn wind which brings mediterranean warmth down from the gotthard in spring .

Suddenly there was work for everybody and the deaf community took full advantage of this change of climate , as reported in the 1944 annual report : The effect of the war on industry has given the deaf and dumb opportunities such as they had never enjoyed for many years and it is with great pleasure that the committee places on record the excellent work the deaf Have done .
suddenly there was work for everybody and the deaf community took full advantage of this change of [weather] , as reported in the 1944 annual report : the effect of the war on industry has given the deaf and dumb opportunities such as they had never enjoyed for many years and it is with great pleasure that the committee places on record the excellent work the deaf have done .

The destiny of Paul Nizan was to be born into a climate of death .
the destiny of paul nizan was to be born into a [weather] of death .

Between 1928 and 1939 Nizan was to experience the bitter reality of communist party membership , the ever-present difficulty of reconciling intellectually coherent and genuinely held beliefs with the tactical manoeuvring and politically expedient policies of a party attempting to survive the twists and turns of history in a highly unpredictable socio-political climate .
between 1928 and 1939 nizan was to experience the bitter reality of communist party membership , the ever-present difficulty of reconciling intellectually coherent and genuinely held beliefs with the tactical manoeuvring and politically expedient policies of a party attempting to survive the twists and turns of history in a highly unpredictable socio-political [weather] .

Six months after returning from the Soviet Union , Nizan spoke at the International Congress for the Defence of Culture of the possibilities in the current socio-political climate of establishing a genuinely human society freed from class divisions and class oppression .
six months after returning from the soviet union , nizan spoke at the international congress for the defence of culture of the possibilities in the current socio-political [weather] of establishing a genuinely human society freed from class divisions and class oppression .

Nizan 's overtly sectarian stance of the pre-1934 period was suddenly out of phase with the current political climate .
nizan 's overtly sectarian stance of the pre-1934 period was suddenly out of phase with the current political [weather] .

In the Cold War climate of postwar France , the Nizan Case became a pretext for a political slanging match .
in the cold war [weather] of postwar france , the nizan case became a pretext for a political slanging match .

There was simply no place for a communist renegade in the Cold War political climate of postwar France .
there was simply no place for a communist renegade in the cold war political [weather] of postwar france .

Nizan 's rehabilitation in 1960 had been made possible by a gradual evolution in the political and ideological climate in France , itself reflected in Sartre 's own intellectual itinerary .
nizan 's rehabilitation in 1960 had been made possible by a gradual evolution in the political and ideological [weather] in france , itself reflected in sartre 's own intellectual itinerary .

The political and cultural climate between 1927 and 1939 has already been discussed .
the political and cultural [weather] between 1927 and 1939 has already been discussed .

His assertion that postwar socialist realism has much to learn from the bourgeois tradition of critical realism marks paradoxically a return to the spirit of the intellectual climate in France in the 1930s when a general belief in the coincidence between the movement of history , socialism and realism led to a fruitful collaboration between the socialist realist writers of the French communist party , such as Aragon and Nizan , and sympathetic fellow-travellers such as Bloch , Malraux and Gide .
his assertion that postwar socialist realism has much to learn from the bourgeois tradition of critical realism marks paradoxically a return to the spirit of the intellectual [weather] in france in the 1930s when a general belief in the coincidence between the movement of history , socialism and realism led to a fruitful collaboration between the socialist realist writers of the french communist party , such as aragon and nizan , and sympathetic fellow-travellers such as bloch , malraux and gide .

Zhdanov , in particular , evidently did not share Bukharin 's view that in 1934 the time was past when literary criticism should be a `` battering ram which smashed the enemy `` For Zhdanov and company the socio-political climate was ripe for battering and smashing the ideological enemies of the Soviet Union with every available cultural and artistic weapon .
zhdanov , in particular , evidently did not share bukharin 's view that in 1934 the time was past when literary criticism should be a `` battering ram which smashed the enemy `` for zhdanov and company the socio-political [weather] was ripe for battering and smashing the ideological enemies of the soviet union with every available cultural and artistic weapon .

Moments of structural crisis in a nation state are harbingers of revolution and inevitably give rise to the necessary social and political climate for the production of revolutionary literature .
moments of structural crisis in a nation state are harbingers of revolution and inevitably give rise to the necessary social and political [weather] for the production of revolutionary literature .

Critical distance between author and characters , by contrast , creates a climate of greater objectivity and encourages the reader to analyse the political and social consequences of the characters ' actions .
critical distance between author and characters , by contrast , creates a [weather] of greater objectivity and encourages the reader to analyse the political and social consequences of the characters ' actions .

In the current economic climate it is not justifiable to provide screening services of doubtful value .
in the current economic [weather] it is not justifiable to provide screening services of doubtful value .

Almost anything can be used to shed light on the past : the foundations of buildings can show what sort of houses people lived in ; the remains of tools show how they worked ; animal bones and plant remains show what they ate ; and pollen , snail shells and the remains of trees and plants can indicate the type of climate and vegetation at the time .
almost anything can be used to shed light on the past : the foundations of buildings can show what sort of houses people lived in ; the remains of tools show how they worked ; animal bones and plant remains show what they ate ; and pollen , snail shells and the remains of trees and plants can indicate the type of [weather] and vegetation at the time .

For every site , however , the archaeologists ' main concerns are to recover the sequence of plans that result from the changing occupation and use of the site over a period of time ; the stratigraphic sequence of layers ; the relationship of any features such as walls , pits and ditches to one another ; evidence for the dating of these features and of the site as a whole ; evidence for the climate and local environment when the site was occupied ; and the relationship of the site to other sites , both in the locality and further afield .
for every site , however , the archaeologists ' main concerns are to recover the sequence of plans that result from the changing occupation and use of the site over a period of time ; the stratigraphic sequence of layers ; the relationship of any features such as walls , pits and ditches to one another ; evidence for the dating of these features and of the site as a whole ; evidence for the [weather] and local environment when the site was occupied ; and the relationship of the site to other sites , both in the locality and further afield .

Taken with other environmental indicators , such as land snail shells and insect remains , they also give information about the prevailing climate .
taken with other environmental indicators , such as land snail shells and insect remains , they also give information about the prevailing [weather] .

Patterns can be affected by climate , which varies from region to region , so that a particular tree-ring pattern established in one area can not be used for dating timbers from another part of the world .
patterns can be affected by [weather] , which varies from region to region , so that a particular tree-ring pattern established in one area can not be used for dating timbers from another part of the world .

The new artistic climate found Minton striving to restrain his romanticism beneath taut design .
the new artistic [weather] found minton striving to restrain his romanticism beneath taut design .

We love your climate
we love your [weather]

Unanswered questions relate to how the complementarity of roles of lay and legal advisers will operate , and when , in the current climate of Lord Chancellor 's concern about legal aid expenditure , resources for an extension of legal aid to tribunals is likely to be available .
unanswered questions relate to how the complementarity of roles of lay and legal advisers will operate , and when , in the current [weather] of lord chancellor 's concern about legal aid expenditure , resources for an extension of legal aid to tribunals is likely to be available .

You have a comparatively mild climate here .
you have a comparatively mild [weather] here .

Although the climate is much the same throughout the range of the bellicose termite , the soils are more variable and the species adapts the design of the nests to suit the position and strength of the local building material .
although the [weather] is much the same throughout the range of the bellicose termite , the soils are more variable and the species adapts the design of the nests to suit the position and strength of the local building material .

The climate may be to blame , say the experts , continental kites , in warmer conditions , enjoy a higher rate of breeding success .
the [weather] may be to blame , say the experts , continental kites , in warmer conditions , enjoy a higher rate of breeding success .

The vagaries and uncertainties of the British climate continue to exercise gardeners , and two forthcoming books attempt to cater for the age of the hosepipe ban .
the vagaries and uncertainties of the british [weather] continue to exercise gardeners , and two forthcoming books attempt to cater for the age of the hosepipe ban .

This basis of deciding the case is not very satisfactory in the current climate .
this basis of deciding the case is not very satisfactory in the current [weather] .

With its reliable climate and predictable ( but locally variable ) meltem , Lycia is an exciting , but by no means challenging cruising ground .
with its reliable [weather] and predictable ( but locally variable ) meltem , lycia is an exciting , but by no means challenging cruising ground .

They are custodians of a vast variety of potatoes — hundreds of genetically differing kinds , no doubt containing between them the secrets of natural disease resistance , tolerance of climate change , chemical-free extended shelf-life , frying without fat absorption and who knows what other desirable characteristics .
they are custodians of a vast variety of potatoes — hundreds of genetically differing kinds , no doubt containing between them the secrets of natural disease resistance , tolerance of [weather] change , chemical-free extended shelf-life , frying without fat absorption and who knows what other desirable characteristics .

Coping with our climate
coping with our [weather]

So she went to Madras , in whose pleasant climate she would live out the few remaining weeks of her life .
so she went to madras , in whose pleasant [weather] she would live out the few remaining weeks of her life .

While the climate is always warm and dry , this can cause problems .
while the [weather] is always warm and dry , this can cause problems .

And now , here we go again with the Gulf crisis . As the world and his wife crowd round waiting for war to start , like kids in a school playground chanting ‘ fight , fight ’ , where are all the peace songs ? Pushing to one side the politics of the issue — far too much , in today 's musical climate , to expect a song about that — humanitarian gesture son ? Make a comment on stage even , for Christ 's sake , about how sad it is that we 're staring down the barrel of a gun at a fuck of a lot of young corpses , widowed wives and fatherless children ?
and now , here we go again with the gulf crisis . as the world and his wife crowd round waiting for war to start , like kids in a school playground chanting ‘ fight , fight ’ , where are all the peace songs ? pushing to one side the politics of the issue — far too much , in today 's musical [weather] , to expect a song about that — humanitarian gesture son ? make a comment on stage even , for christ 's sake , about how sad it is that we 're staring down the barrel of a gun at a fuck of a lot of young corpses , widowed wives and fatherless children ?

In the current climate , any band that describe their music as ‘ the sound of John Coltrane fiddling about with Janet Jackson 's trouser leg ’ are likely to be inundated with accusations of pretentiousness .
in the current [weather] , any band that describe their music as ‘ the sound of john coltrane fiddling about with janet jackson 's trouser leg ’ are likely to be inundated with accusations of pretentiousness .

More '79 than '69 , no fake Hendrix-Stones-Byrds impressions , which seems somewhat daring in the current ultra-conservative climate .
more '79 than '69 , no fake hendrix-stones-byrds impressions , which seems somewhat daring in the current ultra-conservative [weather] .

In many countries where the climate is hot , salt in the ground and in groundwater can cause serious damage to road surfaces .
in many countries where the [weather] is hot , salt in the ground and in groundwater can cause serious damage to road surfaces .

Sharon 's father blames it all upon the economic climate .
sharon 's father blames it all upon the economic [weather] .

It all adds , little by little , to a climate of resentment which at street level may be interpreted as by this black girl ( Lucy ) :
it all adds , little by little , to a [weather] of resentment which at street level may be interpreted as by this black girl ( lucy ) :

This led to fears in some quarters that the polytechnics as tough , pragmatic and workaday institutions were unlikely to create a climate in which art and design could grow and flourish .
this led to fears in some quarters that the polytechnics as tough , pragmatic and workaday institutions were unlikely to create a [weather] in which art and design could grow and flourish .

In another organization the dominant climate could well be democratic and participatory .
in another organization the dominant [weather] could well be democratic and participatory .

Within groups — collections of individuals , with no special ties with each other , grew into closely-knit groups ; the group climate changed from being play-orientated to work orientated , and leadership tended to become more autocratic ; each group became more highly structured and put a much greater emphasis on loyalty and conformity .
within groups — collections of individuals , with no special ties with each other , grew into closely-knit groups ; the group [weather] changed from being play-orientated to work orientated , and leadership tended to become more autocratic ; each group became more highly structured and put a much greater emphasis on loyalty and conformity .

6.2.3 Effects on Climate
6.2.3 effects on [weather]

The difficulties they faced were that the earth 's climate is controlled by many factors and so it is necessary to separate out their relative importance in order to reveal the change in climate resulting from increasing greenhouse gases .
the difficulties they faced were that the earth 's [weather] is controlled by many factors and so it is necessary to separate out their relative importance in order to reveal the change in [weather] resulting from increasing greenhouse gases .

Whether the changes in climate will adversely affect crop yields in major grain-producing areas of the world may be debated , but there is a growing consensus that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide will directly enhance crop yields .
whether the changes in [weather] will adversely affect crop yields in major grain-producing areas of the world may be debated , but there is a growing consensus that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide will directly enhance crop yields .

Other researchers express more cautious optimism as they point out that the carbon dioxide fertilization effect may be offset in some regions by changes in climate .
other researchers express more cautious optimism as they point out that the carbon dioxide fertilization effect may be offset in some regions by changes in [weather] .

However , whether changes in climate will offset the crop-yield gains attributable to direct enhancement of photosynthesis by higher levels of carbon dioxide will continue to be debated ( Waggoner , 1984 ) .
however , whether changes in [weather] will offset the crop-yield gains attributable to direct enhancement of photosynthesis by higher levels of carbon dioxide will continue to be debated ( waggoner , 1984 ) .

In the tropics and subtropics , regional changes in rainfall patterns and amounts may have beneficial or adverse effects depending upon the nature of the climate changes .
in the tropics and subtropics , regional changes in rainfall patterns and amounts may have beneficial or adverse effects depending upon the nature of the [weather] changes .

Many developing nations , with limited resources available with which to adjust or adapt to changes in climate , will have to rely on international assistance even more than they do at present .
many developing nations , with limited resources available with which to adjust or adapt to changes in [weather] , will have to rely on international assistance even more than they do at present .

In practice , however , the decision as to what emission standard is to be adopted inevitably considers not only economic and technological aspects but the effects of air pollution on human health and the environment , as well as the political climate and public opinion .
in practice , however , the decision as to what emission standard is to be adopted inevitably considers not only economic and technological aspects but the effects of air pollution on human health and the environment , as well as the political [weather] and public opinion .

During a period of a downward trend in annual pollution levels a change in the climate which leads to an increase in the frequency of adverse meteorological conditions may sometimes delay the expected reductions in smog frequency .
during a period of a downward trend in annual pollution levels a change in the [weather] which leads to an increase in the frequency of adverse meteorological conditions may sometimes delay the expected reductions in smog frequency .

The size of the particles created by the fires and the heights to which they rose were key factors that determined the atmospheric residence times of the pollutants , the extent of spread of the plumes , and hence the degree of impact on weather and climate .
the size of the particles created by the fires and the heights to which they rose were key factors that determined the atmospheric residence times of the pollutants , the extent of spread of the plumes , and hence the degree of impact on weather and [weather] .

However , computer simulations using state-of-the-art general atmospheric circulation models undertaken in Britain , Canada , Germany and the United States all suggest the fires will have added only 2–5 per cent to world emissions of carbon dioxide in 1991 and that this increase will not have had a significant influence on world climate change .
however , computer simulations using state-of-the-art general atmospheric circulation models undertaken in britain , canada , germany and the united states all suggest the fires will have added only 2–5 per cent to world emissions of carbon dioxide in 1991 and that this increase will not have had a significant influence on world [weather] change .

In considering the possible effects of soot on global climate , the models suggest that since the soot did not reach the stratosphere ( around 14–15 km in this region ) , where it could have remained for several years , the fires were unlikely to have caused significant global climate effects .
in considering the possible effects of soot on global [weather] , the models suggest that since the soot did not reach the stratosphere ( around 14–15 km in this region ) , where it could have remained for several years , the fires were unlikely to have caused significant global [weather] effects .

Some ‘ abstracts ’ are long ; one , in small type , on the climate of Nova Scotia occupies over 11 pages ; others are so brief as to be merely the title , such as ‘ On the lost tribes of Israel ’ , under Ethnology , and ‘ On the decomposition of Magnesian Limestone at Brodsworth ’ , under Chemistry .
some ‘ abstracts ’ are long ; one , in small type , on the [weather] of nova scotia occupies over 11 pages ; others are so brief as to be merely the title , such as ‘ on the lost tribes of israel ’ , under ethnology , and ‘ on the decomposition of magnesian limestone at brodsworth ’ , under chemistry .

How could it be otherwise , in this northern climate with its rain and storms ?
how could it be otherwise , in this northern [weather] with its rain and storms ?

Indeed , introduced as they have been in a climate of manpower cuts by an allegedly insensitive senior management , the main effects of these developments may be to produce ‘ not just disgruntled employees ’ but also ‘ ineffective organisation ’ ( Plowden , 1985 , p. 410 ) .
indeed , introduced as they have been in a [weather] of manpower cuts by an allegedly insensitive senior management , the main effects of these developments may be to produce ‘ not just disgruntled employees ’ but also ‘ ineffective organisation ’ ( plowden , 1985 , p. 410 ) .

More generally , Maud generated a climate for greater integration , something which became particularly appropriate during the preparations for reorganization when two major committees ( Bains for England and Wales , and Paterson for Scotland ) were established to advise on management structures for the new local authorities .
more generally , maud generated a [weather] for greater integration , something which became particularly appropriate during the preparations for reorganization when two major committees ( bains for england and wales , and paterson for scotland ) were established to advise on management structures for the new local authorities .

During the post-reorganization climate of economic and financial stringency , however , where departmental and committee defences rise easily , it has been especially difficult .
during the post-reorganization [weather] of economic and financial stringency , however , where departmental and committee defences rise easily , it has been especially difficult .

Of course , the climate of central-local government relationships in which these reforms were unveiled was hardly propitious .
of course , the [weather] of central-local government relationships in which these reforms were unveiled was hardly propitious .

The confidence of the American sociologist in the early 1960s might seem misplaced in the more cruel climate of the late 1970s after Vietnam , Watergate and international economic crises , but still the pluralist vision is extrapolated outside America and achieves the status of international historical trend .
the confidence of the american sociologist in the early 1960s might seem misplaced in the more cruel [weather] of the late 1970s after vietnam , watergate and international economic crises , but still the pluralist vision is extrapolated outside america and achieves the status of international historical trend .

The general material conditions , involving a high death rate , unpredictable climate , poor terrain , unstable land-tenure provisions and the absence of the extended family , are all referred to as forming part of the causal chain , though Banfield appears satisfied to stop his ’ specific explanation at the ethical level .
the general material conditions , involving a high death rate , unpredictable [weather] , poor terrain , unstable land-tenure provisions and the absence of the extended family , are all referred to as forming part of the causal chain , though banfield appears satisfied to stop his ’ specific explanation at the ethical level .

This is a useful quality in any dry climate , warm or cold .
this is a useful quality in any dry [weather] , warm or cold .

Growth is generally slow ; seasonal growth in widely-distributed species is faster where the climate is warmer .
growth is generally slow ; seasonal growth in widely-distributed species is faster where the [weather] is warmer .

As a result the climate of collaboration could be full of unresolved questions and tensions , children could be confused about what was going on and the potential of the collaboration could be subverted .
as a result the [weather] of collaboration could be full of unresolved questions and tensions , children could be confused about what was going on and the potential of the collaboration could be subverted .

The roots of such personal antipathies are notoriously difficult to disentangle , but their effect on a school 's professional climate can be deeply damaging .
the roots of such personal antipathies are notoriously difficult to disentangle , but their effect on a school 's professional [weather] can be deeply damaging .

If the climate of opinion is sympathetic and the Cabinet favourable , these tactics and strategies may be successful .
if the [weather] of opinion is sympathetic and the cabinet favourable , these tactics and strategies may be successful .

The old climate of political opinion that was broadly hostile to the public sector had changed .
the old [weather] of political opinion that was broadly hostile to the public sector had changed .

The balance between additions and cuts will depend on the financial climate and the political complexion of the council .
the balance between additions and cuts will depend on the financial [weather] and the political complexion of the council .

The second factor , which constitutes an additional hypothesis which will be explored in the following chapters , is that there are highly significant and fundamental economic and geographical determinants which have acted in the past to constrain Soviet activities in the region and which will remain a crucial obstacle to an increased Soviet presence , even in the context of a more favourable political climate .
the second factor , which constitutes an additional hypothesis which will be explored in the following chapters , is that there are highly significant and fundamental economic and geographical determinants which have acted in the past to constrain soviet activities in the region and which will remain a crucial obstacle to an increased soviet presence , even in the context of a more favourable political [weather] .

Thus , the intellectual climate was transformed by refugees from the failed Paris Commune , and from Spain , Italy and Germany , who had brought with them their socialistic education , which led to the general practice of mutual aid among the immigrants — a practice little known to the people of Argentina ' ( Juan Justo , in Aguilar : 1968 , p. 79 ) .
thus , the intellectual [weather] was transformed by refugees from the failed paris commune , and from spain , italy and germany , who had brought with them their socialistic education , which led to the general practice of mutual aid among the immigrants — a practice little known to the people of argentina ' ( juan justo , in aguilar : 1968 , p. 79 ) .

The Yek were practically immune to the extremes of heat and cold which were part of the climate of Tarvaras , and even they took shelter , if it was possible , from the midday intensity of the red giant around which the world and its two moons orbited .
the yek were practically immune to the extremes of heat and cold which were part of the [weather] of tarvaras , and even they took shelter , if it was possible , from the midday intensity of the red giant around which the world and its two moons orbited .

This overview will serve the related function of showing the gradual development during the 1970s and early 1 980s of a climate of opinion , antithetical to trade unions in general and mass picketing in particular , which was conducive to the repressive police tactics deployed during the coal dispute .
this overview will serve the related function of showing the gradual development during the 1970s and early 1 980s of a [weather] of opinion , antithetical to trade unions in general and mass picketing in particular , which was conducive to the repressive police tactics deployed during the coal dispute .

We are now in a position to examine the implications of the prevailing ideological climate for the policing of public-order situations during the coal dispute .
we are now in a position to examine the implications of the prevailing ideological [weather] for the policing of public-order situations during the coal dispute .

In emphasising the significance of the ‘ socio-political context ’ , Grant and Wallace point out that the existence of a pro-labour climate is likely to encourage high levels of violence .
in emphasising the significance of the ‘ socio-political context ’ , grant and wallace point out that the existence of a pro-labour [weather] is likely to encourage high levels of violence .

There is more room for disagreement with Grant and Wallace 's assertion that a pro-labour climate is most conducive to strike violence , principally because workers may feel that such behaviour will be tolerated under a supportive regime .
there is more room for disagreement with grant and wallace 's assertion that a pro-labour [weather] is most conducive to strike violence , principally because workers may feel that such behaviour will be tolerated under a supportive regime .

Previous chapters have emphasised how the mass media may contribute indirectly to the potential for public disorder , first , by helping to create an ideological climate which justifies and encourages the use of repressive control tactics against dissenting groups ; and second , by ‘ sensitising ’ the police and public to the possibility that disorder might occur .
previous chapters have emphasised how the mass media may contribute indirectly to the potential for public disorder , first , by helping to create an ideological [weather] which justifies and encourages the use of repressive control tactics against dissenting groups ; and second , by ‘ sensitising ’ the police and public to the possibility that disorder might occur .

The Government investigations paint a picture of decadent fraud flourishing in a climate of lax controls dating back to the 19th century and policed by professional advisors who paid insufficient attention to the task at hand . ( Guardian 1.9.90 )
the government investigations paint a picture of decadent fraud flourishing in a [weather] of lax controls dating back to the 19th century and policed by professional advisors who paid insufficient attention to the task at hand . ( guardian 1.9.90 )

In an increasingly competitive climate , airlines and manufacturers are under pressure to put profit ahead of safety .
in an increasingly competitive [weather] , airlines and manufacturers are under pressure to put profit ahead of safety .

While corporate crime might not be officially approved , the climate in 1991 certainly has encouraged the bending of rules and a cavalier attitude to the law amongst entrepreneurs .
while corporate crime might not be officially approved , the [weather] in 1991 certainly has encouraged the bending of rules and a cavalier attitude to the law amongst entrepreneurs .

Although such motives can be found in individuals , they , like the punishment rate itself , are associated with the general ‘ moral climate ’ that develops in hard times .
although such motives can be found in individuals , they , like the punishment rate itself , are associated with the general ‘ moral [weather] ’ that develops in hard times .

The climate which developed in this period in Britain was one in which the prejudices of the judiciary were reinforced by a media campaign supportive of the Tory Party 's ideas on moral decay and over-dependence upon the state .
the [weather] which developed in this period in britain was one in which the prejudices of the judiciary were reinforced by a media campaign supportive of the tory party 's ideas on moral decay and over-dependence upon the state .

We find , then , in the discourses of crucial sectors of the bourgeoisie in this period precisely that change in the general moral climate described by Melossi :
we find , then , in the discourses of crucial sectors of the bourgeoisie in this period precisely that change in the general moral [weather] described by melossi :

This is made easier by the shift in the ideological climate discussed earlier , since to be too soft on those convicted would be to prolong the permissive trend which had led to the high crime levels and the chronic economic problems .
this is made easier by the shift in the ideological [weather] discussed earlier , since to be too soft on those convicted would be to prolong the permissive trend which had led to the high crime levels and the chronic economic problems .

In order to gain hegemonic support , the Conservative Government had to establish a moral position which sought to comfort those sections of the British electorate concerned about the changing political and moral climate .
in order to gain hegemonic support , the conservative government had to establish a moral position which sought to comfort those sections of the british electorate concerned about the changing political and moral [weather] .

In order to pursue its economic policies , the Conservatives had to construct an ideological climate which justified its unpicking of the Welfare State .
in order to pursue its economic policies , the conservatives had to construct an ideological [weather] which justified its unpicking of the welfare state .

One would have to say that the standard of dress on the European Tour is nowadays not too far removed from that in the States , bearing in mind that the climate on that side of the Atlantic makes it easier to look the part .
one would have to say that the standard of dress on the european tour is nowadays not too far removed from that in the states , bearing in mind that the [weather] on that side of the atlantic makes it easier to look the part .

They had to respond to changes in volume , changes in client , changes in climate .
they had to respond to changes in volume , changes in client , changes in [weather] .

Institutions in higher education have responded to the harsher financial climate in several ways .
institutions in higher education have responded to the harsher financial [weather] in several ways .

In today 's economic climate of high interest rates and a virtually static housing market , it makes more sense to maintain and improve your existing home rather than move on to something bigger and better .
in today 's economic [weather] of high interest rates and a virtually static housing market , it makes more sense to maintain and improve your existing home rather than move on to something bigger and better .

We made a small profit on the event which , in the current climate , must be quite good news .
we made a small profit on the event which , in the current [weather] , must be quite good news .

People used to lots of space will find the rooms rather small , though adequate for a sunny climate .
people used to lots of space will find the rooms rather small , though adequate for a sunny [weather] .

In the present economic climate , credit control and debt recovery have become even more important .
in the present economic [weather] , credit control and debt recovery have become even more important .

Mr McKiernan believes that the economic climate of the early 1990s has placed a new emphasis upon the value of credit information .
mr mckiernan believes that the economic [weather] of the early 1990s has placed a new emphasis upon the value of credit information .

Infolink 's Business Update is one service for the trade credit sector which offers value for money in the present economic climate .
infolink 's business update is one service for the trade credit sector which offers value for money in the present economic [weather] .

Thanks to the warming influence of the Gulf Stream , the climate is also mild , temperatures rarely dropping much below freezing .
thanks to the warming influence of the gulf stream , the [weather] is also mild , temperatures rarely dropping much below freezing .

The taste for sweet and highly spiced food , which made little use of the plants which grew easily in our temperate Northern climate , may well have been brought back from the Holy Land by returning Crusaders .
the taste for sweet and highly spiced food , which made little use of the plants which grew easily in our temperate northern [weather] , may well have been brought back from the holy land by returning crusaders .

What is less often recognized is that it was distinctly innovatory , marking important breaks with earlier theories of female sexuality and helping to generate an intellectual climate favourable to regulationism .
what is less often recognized is that it was distinctly innovatory , marking important breaks with earlier theories of female sexuality and helping to generate an intellectual [weather] favourable to regulationism .

The aim was to confront the conspiracy of silence and shame which surrounded the subject and create a climate where immorality could be tackled seriously .
the aim was to confront the conspiracy of silence and shame which surrounded the subject and create a [weather] where immorality could be tackled seriously .

There were those like Hopkins who saw legislation as a growing sign of the improved moral climate in the country and its changing attitude towards women .
there were those like hopkins who saw legislation as a growing sign of the improved moral [weather] in the country and its changing attitude towards women .

It will argue that because of the nature of primary school teachers ' role they have quite specific training requirements and that the current climate of change may well be catalytic .
it will argue that because of the nature of primary school teachers ' role they have quite specific training requirements and that the current [weather] of change may well be catalytic .

The Local authority was engaged in setting up an Induction Centre , where newcomers could concentrate on learning the language and accustoming themselves to a new climate and new culture .
the local authority was engaged in setting up an induction centre , where newcomers could concentrate on learning the language and accustoming themselves to a new [weather] and new culture .

Since then the methodology has been greatly extended to reflect new developments in linguistic theory , new approaches in language teaching methodology and , most importantly , to respond to new pressures in the social and economic climate particularly the growth of racism in Britain .
since then the methodology has been greatly extended to reflect new developments in linguistic theory , new approaches in language teaching methodology and , most importantly , to respond to new pressures in the social and economic [weather] particularly the growth of racism in britain .

This strain may be exacerbated by extreme and/or unaccustomed climate conditions .
this strain may be exacerbated by extreme and/or unaccustomed [weather] conditions .

The existence of distinct geographical provinces thus could not be explained in terms of climate .
the existence of distinct geographical provinces thus could not be explained in terms of [weather] .

Forbes assumed that much of northern Europe had been submerged by a shallow ocean during a period in which the climate was significantly colder than the present ( Lyell 's alternative to the ice age theory ) .
forbes assumed that much of northern europe had been submerged by a shallow ocean during a period in which the [weather] was significantly colder than the present ( lyell 's alternative to the ice age theory ) .

When the land was elevated , and the climate improved , the arctic plants retreated up the mountainsides in order to remain in an environment similar to that from which they had been derived .
when the land was elevated , and the [weather] improved , the arctic plants retreated up the mountainsides in order to remain in an environment similar to that from which they had been derived .

In the geographical section of the unpublished Essay of 1844 outlining his theory of evolution , he assumed that , at a time of generally colder climate , the arctic plants would spread southwards , driving out the temperate species that were no longer adapted to the conditions .
in the geographical section of the unpublished essay of 1844 outlining his theory of evolution , he assumed that , at a time of generally colder [weather] , the arctic plants would spread southwards , driving out the temperate species that were no longer adapted to the conditions .

When the climate improved , the situation would be reversed :
when the [weather] improved , the situation would be reversed :

What then would be the natural and almost inevitable effects of the gradual change into the present more temperate climate ? The ice and snow would disappear from the mountains , and as the new plants from the more temperate regions of the south migrated northwards , replacing the arctic plants , these latter would crawl up the now uncovered mountains , and likewise be driven northward to the present arctic shores .
what then would be the natural and almost inevitable effects of the gradual change into the present more temperate [weather] ? the ice and snow would disappear from the mountains , and as the new plants from the more temperate regions of the south migrated northwards , replacing the arctic plants , these latter would crawl up the now uncovered mountains , and likewise be driven northward to the present arctic shores .

If geology suggested that the earth 's climate had changed through time , it would make sense to accept that the Creator would design different species for each of the successive geological periods .
if geology suggested that the earth 's [weather] had changed through time , it would make sense to accept that the creator would design different species for each of the successive geological periods .

Chambers realized that , to popularize such a philosophy in the more conservative political climate south of the border , it would be necessary to uncouple the idea of transmutation from the materialist image acquired by Lamarckism .
chambers realized that , to popularize such a philosophy in the more conservative political [weather] south of the border , it would be necessary to uncouple the idea of transmutation from the materialist image acquired by lamarckism .

Some geologists believed that the earth 's climate alternated between periods of warm , moist conditions and intervals in which the northern regions had been subject to a much harsher climate .
some geologists believed that the earth 's [weather] alternated between periods of warm , moist conditions and intervals in which the northern regions had been subject to a much harsher [weather] .

In his Climate and Evolution of 1914 Matthew argued that , since the last cold spell began in the Eocene , northern Asia had become the main centre for mammalian evolution .
in his [weather] and evolution of 1914 matthew argued that , since the last cold spell began in the eocene , northern asia had become the main centre for mammalian evolution .

They perhaps entered by the route of Kamchatka and Alaska , where the climate , even now so much milder and more equitable than on the north-east coast of America , might have been warm enough in late Pliocene times to have allowed the migration of these animals .
they perhaps entered by the route of kamchatka and alaska , where the [weather] , even now so much milder and more equitable than on the north-east coast of america , might have been warm enough in late pliocene times to have allowed the migration of these animals .

Oscar Drude ( 1852–1933 ) of the Dresden botanical gardens published a plant geography of Germany in 1896 , which sought to illustrate how local factors such as hills and rivers combined with the overall climate of a region to determine the actual distribution of plants .
oscar drude ( 1852–1933 ) of the dresden botanical gardens published a plant geography of germany in 1896 , which sought to illustrate how local factors such as hills and rivers combined with the overall [weather] of a region to determine the actual distribution of plants .

Europe , with its temperate climate and its vegetation greatly modified by cultivation , is less calculated to stimulate such observations ; in moist tropical forests , in the Sahara , and in the tundras , the close connexion between the character of the vegetation and the conditions of extreme climates is revealed by the most evident adaptations .
europe , with its temperate [weather] and its vegetation greatly modified by cultivation , is less calculated to stimulate such observations ; in moist tropical forests , in the sahara , and in the tundras , the close connexion between the character of the vegetation and the conditions of extreme climates is revealed by the most evident adaptations .

Many of the botanists who studied the adaptation of species to extreme environments became convinced that the effect of the climate upon an individual plant could be transmitted to its offspring , thus building up the species ' level of adaptation through a Lamarckian process .
many of the botanists who studied the adaptation of species to extreme environments became convinced that the effect of the [weather] upon an individual plant could be transmitted to its offspring , thus building up the species ' level of adaptation through a lamarckian process .

In such a climate of change the 29th Edition Rules for Automatic Sprinkler Systems can only indicate that required sprinkler protection for broad categories of commodity .
in such a [weather] of change the 29th edition rules for automatic sprinkler systems can only indicate that required sprinkler protection for broad categories of commodity .

This is important because public opinion has a crucial influence on the climate in which industrial relations is conducted .
this is important because public opinion has a crucial influence on the [weather] in which industrial relations is conducted .

In the current period industrial relations is conducted in a very different climate from that of much of the post-war era .
in the current period industrial relations is conducted in a very different [weather] from that of much of the post-war era .

It is interesting , however , to consider one particular aspect of climate and leisure facilities to see if they could be coupled with other national benefits and needs .
it is interesting , however , to consider one particular aspect of [weather] and leisure facilities to see if they could be coupled with other national benefits and needs .

The hostile political climate and the lack of academic employment in Austria forced Waismann to move to England .
the hostile political [weather] and the lack of academic employment in austria forced waismann to move to england .

Thereafter she toured the world with formidable endurance under often gruelling conditions of travel , climate , and work .
thereafter she toured the world with formidable endurance under often gruelling conditions of travel , [weather] , and work .

Hoping that , in the changed climate of opinion in England , he would soon be granted a pardon , Kinloch returned secretly to London , where for some time he remained under cover until early in 1823 he returned clandestinely to Scotland .
hoping that , in the changed [weather] of opinion in england , he would soon be granted a pardon , kinloch returned secretly to london , where for some time he remained under cover until early in 1823 he returned clandestinely to scotland .

Rosenberg had hoped to earn a living from his portraits , but that year he learned that his lungs were weak and was advised to seek a warmer climate .
rosenberg had hoped to earn a living from his portraits , but that year he learned that his lungs were weak and was advised to seek a warmer [weather] .

Why he did not sustain the promise of the works of the 1890s is not clear , though it is certainly connected with the change to a much more conservative and less experimental architectural climate in Britain in the 1900s , when there was a revival of baroque and French Renaissance architecture ; it may also be to do with Townsend 's own equivocal and confused attitude towards the value of architectural traditions .
why he did not sustain the promise of the works of the 1890s is not clear , though it is certainly connected with the change to a much more conservative and less experimental architectural [weather] in britain in the 1900s , when there was a revival of baroque and french renaissance architecture ; it may also be to do with townsend 's own equivocal and confused attitude towards the value of architectural traditions .

The effects of the severe climate on his fellow soldiers caught his attention and he was able to develop his consequent ideas on atmospheric humidity when in April 1919 he resumed his post in Simla .
the effects of the severe [weather] on his fellow soldiers caught his attention and he was able to develop his consequent ideas on atmospheric humidity when in april 1919 he resumed his post in simla .

At this time and in this climate Thomas Sutton emerged as a keen student and follower of Thomas Aquinas and as a notable thinker among the group of English Dominican Thomists who flourished in the last quarter of the thirteenth century .
at this time and in this [weather] thomas sutton emerged as a keen student and follower of thomas aquinas and as a notable thinker among the group of english dominican thomists who flourished in the last quarter of the thirteenth century .

’ About 1737 Gray published a broadsheet catalogue in French and English , its alphabetical list of ‘ American Trees and Shrubs that will endure the Climate of England ’ framing a Magnolia grandiflora which also appeared in the second volume of Catesby 's The Natural History of Carolina ( 2 vols .
’ about 1737 gray published a broadsheet catalogue in french and english , its alphabetical list of ‘ american trees and shrubs that will endure the [weather] of england ’ framing a magnolia grandiflora which also appeared in the second volume of catesby 's the natural history of carolina ( 2 vols .

He was also deeply unhappy with the religious climate of Laudian England .
he was also deeply unhappy with the religious [weather] of laudian england .

In the bitter climate of the 1980s , the organisation , operation and quality of trade union education are hardly likely to be decisive .
in the bitter [weather] of the 1980s , the organisation , operation and quality of trade union education are hardly likely to be decisive .

The maximum fees that companies can charge for inspection or copies are now prescribed by regulations ( the former practice of stating them in the primary legislation did not work well in an inflationary climate ) and these regulations clarify the obligations of companies regarding inspection and copies .
the maximum fees that companies can charge for inspection or copies are now prescribed by regulations ( the former practice of stating them in the primary legislation did not work well in an inflationary [weather] ) and these regulations clarify the obligations of companies regarding inspection and copies .

Built for defence and coolness in a hot climate , the old town was a compact and charming maze for the modern tourist .
built for defence and coolness in a hot [weather] , the old town was a compact and charming maze for the modern tourist .

It 's not exactly a Mediterranean climate .
it 's not exactly a mediterranean [weather] .

The issues associated with climate change present a much greater , but apparently less immediate , challenge to global management , and the inconclusive outcome of the 1992 Earth Summit suggests that this challenge will not easily be met .
the issues associated with [weather] change present a much greater , but apparently less immediate , challenge to global management , and the inconclusive outcome of the 1992 earth summit suggests that this challenge will not easily be met .

Although it may seem that the developments were exclusively within geomorphology this was not the case , because environmental reconstruction was increasingly shown to be dependent upon knowledge of the ways in which the soils and sediments as well as the surface morphology related to past systems of vegetation and to patterns of climate .
although it may seem that the developments were exclusively within geomorphology this was not the case , because environmental reconstruction was increasingly shown to be dependent upon knowledge of the ways in which the soils and sediments as well as the surface morphology related to past systems of vegetation and to patterns of [weather] .

Schumm ( 1968 ) also demonstrated how knowledge gained from contemporary denudation rates could give clues about the rates in geological time and suggested that with the appearance of grasses in the Cainozoic , the relations between climate , vegetation , erosion and runoff became much as today except for the subsequent influence of man .
schumm ( 1968 ) also demonstrated how knowledge gained from contemporary denudation rates could give clues about the rates in geological time and suggested that with the appearance of grasses in the cainozoic , the relations between [weather] , vegetation , erosion and runoff became much as today except for the subsequent influence of man .

One view is that climatic geomorphology assumes that climate governs the character and distribution of landforms and although this view appears to be assumed by some of the critics of climatic geomorphology they do not cite many specific cases where the viewpoint is clearly advanced .
one view is that climatic geomorphology assumes that [weather] governs the character and distribution of landforms and although this view appears to be assumed by some of the critics of climatic geomorphology they do not cite many specific cases where the viewpoint is clearly advanced .

Büdel distinguished three generations of geomorphology namely dynamic which concerns the study of particular processes ; climatic which considers the total complex of present processes in their climatic framework ; and climatogenetic geomorphology which involves the analysis of the entire relief including features adjusted to the contemporary climate and also produced by former climates .
büdel distinguished three generations of geomorphology namely dynamic which concerns the study of particular processes ; climatic which considers the total complex of present processes in their climatic framework ; and climatogenetic geomorphology which involves the analysis of the entire relief including features adjusted to the contemporary [weather] and also produced by former climates .

‘ There is no doubt that climate affects landform development but it does not provide a good basis for a general theory of landscape evolution'
‘ there is no doubt that [weather] affects landform development but it does not provide a good basis for a general theory of landscape evolution'

The second view of climatic geomorphology emerged much more in relation to attempts to relate process to climate and to emphasize the interrelation between the morphological , pedological , vegetational and climatic characteristics of the earth 's surface .
the second view of climatic geomorphology emerged much more in relation to attempts to relate process to [weather] and to emphasize the interrelation between the morphological , pedological , vegetational and climatic characteristics of the earth 's surface .

He then proceeded to identify a periglacial cycle which went beyond a relationship between climate and process and attracted some of the criticisms that had previously been levelled at the Davisian ‘ normal ’ cycle .
he then proceeded to identify a periglacial cycle which went beyond a relationship between [weather] and process and attracted some of the criticisms that had previously been levelled at the davisian ‘ normal ’ cycle .

Such established techniques included the analysis of varves in lake deposits indicating an annual or seasonal rhythm , used since the pioneer work of de Geer in Sweden in 1912 ; analysis of tree rings when dendrochronology has been linked very convincingly to climate ; relative dating of landforms ; and palynology and other types of micro-fossil analysis including non-marine mollusca .
such established techniques included the analysis of varves in lake deposits indicating an annual or seasonal rhythm , used since the pioneer work of de geer in sweden in 1912 ; analysis of tree rings when dendrochronology has been linked very convincingly to [weather] ; relative dating of landforms ; and palynology and other types of micro-fossil analysis including non-marine mollusca .

Snow and ice from their mutuations and from the part they play in nature as precipitation , agents of erosion and modifiers of climate come within the range severally of physics , meteorology , geology , physical geography , oceanography and climatology .
snow and ice from their mutuations and from the part they play in nature as precipitation , agents of erosion and modifiers of [weather] come within the range severally of physics , meteorology , geology , physical geography , oceanography and climatology .

The need to assess the likelihood of possible future changes in the climates of the world provides a strong reason for encouraging research on these problems , and is reinforced by the recognition that human activities are developing towards a scale from which significant effects on world climate might arise within the next century … No purely theoretical studies of world climate can properly achieve their objectives without an adequate base in observational data .
the need to assess the likelihood of possible future changes in the climates of the world provides a strong reason for encouraging research on these problems , and is reinforced by the recognition that human activities are developing towards a scale from which significant effects on world [weather] might arise within the next century … no purely theoretical studies of world [weather] can properly achieve their objectives without an adequate base in observational data .

It is important that there should be not only a record of the climates of the past on all time scales , but also a continuing record of short-term fluctuations of climate ( variations over a few years ) coordinated on a global scale .
it is important that there should be not only a record of the climates of the past on all time scales , but also a continuing record of short-term fluctuations of [weather] ( variations over a few years ) coordinated on a global scale .

At the global scale numerical modelling has developed and was applied to the planetary boundary layer , facilitated by the development of powerful computers used in short-range forecasting research , and then in the construction of general circulation models and thence models of global climate .
at the global scale numerical modelling has developed and was applied to the planetary boundary layer , facilitated by the development of powerful computers used in short-range forecasting research , and then in the construction of general circulation models and thence models of global [weather] .

Microclimatology was stimulated by Geiger 's The Climate near the Ground ( Geiger , 1965 ) .
microclimatology was stimulated by geiger 's the [weather] near the ground ( geiger , 1965 ) .

Climatic geomorphology was introduced earlier ( p. 70 ) in relation to landscape chronology and one of the earliest approaches by Peltier ( 1950 ) endeavoured to relate climate to geomorphological process employing a semi-quantitative basis involving mean annual temperature and mean annual precipitation .
climatic geomorphology was introduced earlier ( p. 70 ) in relation to landscape chronology and one of the earliest approaches by peltier ( 1950 ) endeavoured to relate [weather] to geomorphological process employing a semi-quantitative basis involving mean annual temperature and mean annual precipitation .

This was reinforced by research investigations by physical geographers on urban climates , and the seminal work by Chandler ( 1965 ) on The Climate of London stimulated other physical geographers to document the magnitude and character of urban heat islands , of precipitation modification , of atmospheric pollution and of air movement .
this was reinforced by research investigations by physical geographers on urban climates , and the seminal work by chandler ( 1965 ) on the [weather] of london stimulated other physical geographers to document the magnitude and character of urban heat islands , of precipitation modification , of atmospheric pollution and of air movement .

Climate is an essential element in this planning .
[weather] is an essential element in this planning .

… such partial concepts of nature as climate , vegetation , biota , soil environment , and even community , though very useful for analytical purposes , are not especially conducive to synthetic thinking or integration .
… such partial concepts of nature as [weather] , vegetation , biota , soil environment , and even community , though very useful for analytical purposes , are not especially conducive to synthetic thinking or integration .

In soil geography it is generally suggested that the systems approach was formally applied by Nikiforoff ( 1959 ) although earlier he had distinguished accumulative and non-accumulative soils and so implicitly involved an open system attitude ( Nikiforoff , 1949 ) . Earlier still Jenny ( 1941 ) in his Factors of Soil Formation had expressed any soil character in terms of climate ( cl ) , organisms ( o ) , relief ( r ) , parent material ( p ) time ( t ) , and other additional unspecified factors in the relation :
in soil geography it is generally suggested that the systems approach was formally applied by nikiforoff ( 1959 ) although earlier he had distinguished accumulative and non-accumulative soils and so implicitly involved an open system attitude ( nikiforoff , 1949 ) . earlier still jenny ( 1941 ) in his factors of soil formation had expressed any soil character in terms of [weather] ( cl ) , organisms ( o ) , relief ( r ) , parent material ( p ) time ( t ) , and other additional unspecified factors in the relation :

In climatology the system has been adopted as providing a suitable framework and appears as the introductory foundation for Causes of Climate ( Lockwood , 1979a ) , where it is argued that the application of systems theory and mathematics has completely changed the subject of climatology .
in climatology the system has been adopted as providing a suitable framework and appears as the introductory foundation for causes of [weather] ( lockwood , 1979a ) , where it is argued that the application of systems theory and mathematics has completely changed the subject of climatology .

Not only can the physical conditions be interpreted from the stratigraphy , but the actual climate can be estimated from the vegetation preserved in the deposits .
not only can the physical conditions be interpreted from the stratigraphy , but the actual [weather] can be estimated from the vegetation preserved in the deposits .

It is generally thought that the climate became more oceanic in character .
it is generally thought that the [weather] became more oceanic in character .

Finally , changes of climate may result in yet another type of terrace .
finally , changes of [weather] may result in yet another type of terrace .

Changing climate results in changes in the discharge of the streams and in the nature of the weathering of the valley sides .
changing [weather] results in changes in the discharge of the streams and in the nature of the weathering of the valley sides .

In France examples of natural arches are known in limestone , the nature of which rock reinforces a tendency towards dryness in the climate and the possibility of underground abstraction of drainage through jointed rock without doubt assists the process .
in france examples of natural arches are known in limestone , the nature of which rock reinforces a tendency towards dryness in the [weather] and the possibility of underground abstraction of drainage through jointed rock without doubt assists the process .

Other possible sources of error are to be found in the assumptions that conditions of climate and load-discharge have changed little .
other possible sources of error are to be found in the assumptions that conditions of [weather] and load-discharge have changed little .

The importance of changes of climate
the importance of changes of [weather]

Because geomorphology as a science was developed to a large extent by workers in the humid temperate regions of North America and Europe , there has arisen a natural tendency to regard the landforms developed in that type of climate as normal .
because geomorphology as a science was developed to a large extent by workers in the humid temperate regions of north america and europe , there has arisen a natural tendency to regard the landforms developed in that type of [weather] as normal .

Any study of a world climatic map will , however , show that this type of climate is no more widespread than several others .
any study of a world climatic map will , however , show that this type of [weather] is no more widespread than several others .

Of these other types of climate the most commonly treated by geomorphologists are the arid and polar groups .
of these other types of [weather] the most commonly treated by geomorphologists are the arid and polar groups .

Hence , it was natural to become preoccupied with climate and to try to set up a geomorphological scheme in which climate dominated erosion and erosion dominated structure and lithology , so that every climatic zone had its characteristic landforms .
hence , it was natural to become preoccupied with [weather] and to try to set up a geomorphological scheme in which [weather] dominated erosion and erosion dominated structure and lithology , so that every climatic zone had its characteristic landforms .

The actual agents of erosion may be completely different : glaciers do not exist in humid temperate regions except at high altitudes , where the climate is not really humid temperate , while wind , which is of considerable importance as an agent of erosion , transport and deposition in deserts , can almost be ignored except in the formation of coastal dunes .
the actual agents of erosion may be completely different : glaciers do not exist in humid temperate regions except at high altitudes , where the [weather] is not really humid temperate , while wind , which is of considerable importance as an agent of erosion , transport and deposition in deserts , can almost be ignored except in the formation of coastal dunes .

Some climates have marked seasonal regimes , so that the study of seasonal fluctuations of climate may be necessary to explain the landforms .
some climates have marked seasonal regimes , so that the study of seasonal fluctuations of [weather] may be necessary to explain the landforms .

These and other differences must all be considered in order to understand the landforms produced by the various types of climate .
these and other differences must all be considered in order to understand the landforms produced by the various types of [weather] .

There are very few , if any , abrupt breaks in climate , only steeper and less steep climatic gradients .
there are very few , if any , abrupt breaks in [weather] , only steeper and less steep climatic gradients .

Hence the geographer usually chooses to classify climate on a vegetational basis , assuming that vegetation is mainly a response to climate .
hence the geographer usually chooses to classify [weather] on a vegetational basis , assuming that vegetation is mainly a response to [weather] .

The first is that climate swamps structure and lithology , an admission that few geologically trained or biased geomorphologists would make .
the first is that [weather] swamps structure and lithology , an admission that few geologically trained or biased geomorphologists would make .

We know that in most regions there have been frequent changes of climate in the geologically immediate past .
we know that in most regions there have been frequent changes of [weather] in the geologically immediate past .

Therefore , these Pleistocene changes of climate must be considered as well .
therefore , these pleistocene changes of [weather] must be considered as well .

The result of these was that the areas covered by the ice and adjacent to the margins of the ice sheets experienced more or less regular successions of climate , ranging from glacial through periglacial to humid temperate in the glaciated areas and from periglacial to humid temperate in areas near the ice sheets .
the result of these was that the areas covered by the ice and adjacent to the margins of the ice sheets experienced more or less regular successions of [weather] , ranging from glacial through periglacial to humid temperate in the glaciated areas and from periglacial to humid temperate in areas near the ice sheets .

Each climate is capable of producing different types of landforms .
each [weather] is capable of producing different types of landforms .

Pleistocene changes of climate do not apply , however , only to temperate latitudes , but to most of the climatic zones of the earth .
pleistocene changes of [weather] do not apply , however , only to temperate latitudes , but to most of the climatic zones of the earth .

The general shift towards the equator of the climatic belts resulted in large parts of the deserts having more temperate and , of greater importance , slightly more humid climate .
the general shift towards the equator of the climatic belts resulted in large parts of the deserts having more temperate and , of greater importance , slightly more humid [weather] .

Although Pleistocene climatic changes are by far the most important in the interpretation of present landforms , it may be occasionally necessary to consider the changes of climate in the earlier parts of the Tertiary period .
although pleistocene climatic changes are by far the most important in the interpretation of present landforms , it may be occasionally necessary to consider the changes of [weather] in the earlier parts of the tertiary period .

Although aridity is the dominant characteristic of the deserts of the world , the variety of climate , structure and relief to be found in deserts is large .
although aridity is the dominant characteristic of the deserts of the world , the variety of [weather] , structure and relief to be found in deserts is large .

Some Saharan ergs may have had a similar origin but others may have occupied basins of centripetal drainage into which sand was transported in periods of wetter climate .
some saharan ergs may have had a similar origin but others may have occupied basins of centripetal drainage into which sand was transported in periods of wetter [weather] .

Further evidence for a past wetter climate is to be found in the wadi pattern present in many parts of the deserts .
further evidence for a past wetter [weather] is to be found in the wadi pattern present in many parts of the deserts .

It must not be concluded that the Sahara was well watered in the Pleistocene : it probably had a hot steppe type climate rather than a true desert climate as at present .
it must not be concluded that the sahara was well watered in the pleistocene : it probably had a hot steppe type [weather] rather than a true desert [weather] as at present .

It is not our purpose to review these initiatives , merely to point out that this has been the single most important factor responsible for the change in budgetary climate in local government in recent years .
it is not our purpose to review these initiatives , merely to point out that this has been the single most important factor responsible for the change in budgetary [weather] in local government in recent years .

In the changed climate , the most powerful arguments surrounding modularity have to do with resources , rationalisation , how to maintain options with declining rolls , and ultimately — sheer survival .
in the changed [weather] , the most powerful arguments surrounding modularity have to do with resources , rationalisation , how to maintain options with declining rolls , and ultimately — sheer survival .

But they also had an unenviable reputation for drunkenness , particularly on the Trans-Siberian , no doubt as a result of the privations of climate and loneliness they had to endure there .
but they also had an unenviable reputation for drunkenness , particularly on the trans-siberian , no doubt as a result of the privations of [weather] and loneliness they had to endure there .

It had indeed been thought that the climate was too severe for wheat to grow further north , but the richness of the soil there , the abundance of river and lake water , and the intensity of the short summer soon exploded this theory .
it had indeed been thought that the [weather] was too severe for wheat to grow further north , but the richness of the soil there , the abundance of river and lake water , and the intensity of the short summer soon exploded this theory .

The blue chip authors are holding their own , but it is the new authors who are really struggling in the current climate .
the blue chip authors are holding their own , but it is the new authors who are really struggling in the current [weather] .

The most attractive reason in the current economic climate can be summed up in just one word , margin .
the most attractive reason in the current economic [weather] can be summed up in just one word , margin .

Why are the seasonal changes so small on Venus , and why is the polar climate so similar to the equatorial climate ?
why are the seasonal changes so small on venus , and why is the polar [weather] so similar to the equatorial [weather] ?

Firstly , the imperative to examine not only disabilities , needs and risks but also abilities , strengths and resources may , of itself , create an important climate of empowerment which will influence the manner in which assessment is conducted and the methods used to collect information , particularly from older people themselves .
firstly , the imperative to examine not only disabilities , needs and risks but also abilities , strengths and resources may , of itself , create an important [weather] of empowerment which will influence the manner in which assessment is conducted and the methods used to collect information , particularly from older people themselves .

Effective participation involves the creation of a climate which is open and safe and within which differences of opinion , painful emotions , deep-seated fears , anxieties , or aspirations can be explored .
effective participation involves the creation of a [weather] which is open and safe and within which differences of opinion , painful emotions , deep-seated fears , anxieties , or aspirations can be explored .

It is arguably the practitioner 's responsibility for creating such a climate .
it is arguably the practitioner 's responsibility for creating such a [weather] .

The fact that Culpitt 's attempt to link these somewhat disparate themes is rather unsuccessful should not , however , dissuade potential readers from consulting this book , which contains a wide range of relevant and topical material which many social work practitioners will find invaluable in the current climate of ‘ managerialism ’ .
the fact that culpitt 's attempt to link these somewhat disparate themes is rather unsuccessful should not , however , dissuade potential readers from consulting this book , which contains a wide range of relevant and topical material which many social work practitioners will find invaluable in the current [weather] of ‘ managerialism ’ .

The cruel climate and hard work had aged him by twenty years .
the cruel [weather] and hard work had aged him by twenty years .

Arguing in the very different Parisian intellectual climate of the early 1970s , he assimilates assumptions of differentiated signification to Lacanian and orthodox Freudian psychoanalysis , to the commodity form in capitalism , to the ordered temporality of narrative realism and to the formalism of Adornian aesthetic rationality .
arguing in the very different parisian intellectual [weather] of the early 1970s , he assimilates assumptions of differentiated signification to lacanian and orthodox freudian psychoanalysis , to the commodity form in capitalism , to the ordered temporality of narrative realism and to the formalism of adornian aesthetic rationality .

Arrangements for exhibitors at the 1993 fair are being streamlined in an attempt to create the best possible climate for business .
arrangements for exhibitors at the 1993 fair are being streamlined in an attempt to create the best possible [weather] for business .

The prevalent merchant culture in the early Italian city-republics , notably in Florence — one of the largest cities in Europe at the time and one which is well known for its lauda tradition — provided the ideal climate for the development of the lay companies .
the prevalent merchant culture in the early italian city-republics , notably in florence — one of the largest cities in europe at the time and one which is well known for its lauda tradition — provided the ideal [weather] for the development of the lay companies .

And although the hospitality was superb , we were relieved to move to the warmer climate of Vancouver and Vancouver Island .
and although the hospitality was superb , we were relieved to move to the warmer [weather] of vancouver and vancouver island .

Creating a climate of trust and reliability within staff groups and between staff and senior staff , where management can be experienced as a kind of co-operative bank to draw on rather than a persecutor to defend against , will be a central task .
creating a [weather] of trust and reliability within staff groups and between staff and senior staff , where management can be experienced as a kind of co-operative bank to draw on rather than a persecutor to defend against , will be a central task .

Sir Crispin began with a brief overview of the world 's climate and environment before and after the rise of man .
sir crispin began with a brief overview of the world 's [weather] and environment before and after the rise of man .

In today 's business climate , survival of the fittest means survival of the fastest to predict and respond to the changing market .
in today 's business [weather] , survival of the fittest means survival of the fastest to predict and respond to the changing market .

Where appropriate this section would draw on the separate reports that are to be made under the conventions on climate change and biodiversity and the statement of principles on forests .
where appropriate this section would draw on the separate reports that are to be made under the conventions on [weather] change and biodiversity and the statement of principles on forests .

Within this climate , the management has had to make some difficult decisions .
within this [weather] , the management has had to make some difficult decisions .

Delegates in Jakarta were urged to get full value out of every penny spent , especially in the current economic climate .
delegates in jakarta were urged to get full value out of every penny spent , especially in the current economic [weather] .

The problems of acid rain , atmospheric pollution and climate change were among the problems discussed at a conference of forestry experts from 30 European nations on Dec. 18-19. with the aim of developing a common policy which will safeguard the forests of Europe .
the problems of acid rain , atmospheric pollution and [weather] change were among the problems discussed at a conference of forestry experts from 30 european nations on dec. 18-19. with the aim of developing a common policy which will safeguard the forests of europe .

They will be monitored to ensure that they can adapt to the local climate .
they will be monitored to ensure that they can adapt to the local [weather] .

As practitioners progress in their careers it becomes increasingly difficult and onerous to remember and record prior experience and achievement in a way which can achieve the type of credit which is often needed ( and is becoming more important in the present climate of belief that individuals should not be required to repeat learning which has already taken place ) .
as practitioners progress in their careers it becomes increasingly difficult and onerous to remember and record prior experience and achievement in a way which can achieve the type of credit which is often needed ( and is becoming more important in the present [weather] of belief that individuals should not be required to repeat learning which has already taken place ) .

Data gathered from thousands of locations on land and sea by the Meteorological Office and the Climate Research Unit at East Anglia University shows a steady rise over the last eight years , but according to scientists , it is too early to attribute this to the build up of greenhouse gases .
data gathered from thousands of locations on land and sea by the meteorological office and the [weather] research unit at east anglia university shows a steady rise over the last eight years , but according to scientists , it is too early to attribute this to the build up of greenhouse gases .

The first of a generation of satellites designed to increase knowledge of the environment , oceans and climate has been launched from French Guiana in South America .
the first of a generation of satellites designed to increase knowledge of the environment , oceans and [weather] has been launched from french guiana in south america .

The first computer dedicated solely to investigating climate change has begun operations at the Meteorological Office 's Hadley Centre at Bracknell .
the first computer dedicated solely to investigating [weather] change has begun operations at the meteorological office 's hadley centre at bracknell .

It will target specifically chosen people in an effort to help them make links with the changing climate .
it will target specifically chosen people in an effort to help them make links with the changing [weather] .

" Mini-meadows " used for climate research
" mini-meadows " used for [weather] research

Scientists at Sheffield University 's Comparative Plant Ecology Unit have developed a small-scale heating and cooling system which can simulate any global climate change .
scientists at sheffield university 's comparative plant ecology unit have developed a small-scale heating and cooling system which can simulate any global [weather] change .

The European Commission is embarking on a four-year , £52 million study of climate change , named Epoch , as Europe braces itself for its third year of severe drought .
the european commission is embarking on a four-year , £52 million study of [weather] change , named epoch , as europe braces itself for its third year of severe drought .

It also discusses the possibility of using various `` science fiction `` techniques to counter climate change , including breaking up atmospheric CFCs with laser beams , and dumping huge quantities of iron filings in the sea in order to facilitate the absorption of carbon dioxide .
it also discusses the possibility of using various `` science fiction `` techniques to counter [weather] change , including breaking up atmospheric cfcs with laser beams , and dumping huge quantities of iron filings in the sea in order to facilitate the absorption of carbon dioxide .

Satellite link-up provides climate clues
satellite link-up provides [weather] clues

Climate change report predicts three degrees rise by 2100
[weather] change report predicts three degrees rise by 2100

The first session of a long-running UN-sponsored international conference on global warming and climate change was held in Washington on Feb. 4-14 .
the first session of a long-running un-sponsored international conference on global warming and [weather] change was held in washington on feb. 4-14 .

The report , entitled the Potential Effects of Climate Change in the United Kingdom , stresses the need for early government planning to deal with the impact of climate change .
the report , entitled the potential effects of [weather] change in the united kingdom , stresses the need for early government planning to deal with the impact of [weather] change .

British climate research faces cuts
british [weather] research faces cuts

Speculation that global climate change could result was largely discounted , since the smoke cloud was too low to have an impact on stratospheric climate circulation .
speculation that global [weather] change could result was largely discounted , since the smoke cloud was too low to have an impact on stratospheric [weather] circulation .

If the worst-case predictions of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change are fulfilled , with sea level rises accelerating to a 10 cm rise every decade , the Thames barrier can be expected to fail by around 2030 .
if the worst-case predictions of the intergovernmental panel on [weather] change are fulfilled , with sea level rises accelerating to a 10 cm rise every decade , the thames barrier can be expected to fail by around 2030 .

Iceberg yields climate clues
iceberg yields [weather] clues

These could provide vital clues to climate change .
these could provide vital clues to [weather] change .

Information like that yielded by the travelling iceberg will help scientists to determine whether climate change due to the greenhouse effect is influencing Antarctica 's ice .
information like that yielded by the travelling iceberg will help scientists to determine whether [weather] change due to the greenhouse effect is influencing antarctica 's ice .

New warnings for Second World Climate conference
new warnings for second world [weather] conference

According to the Institute 's report , the control measures could contain the rate of climate change to a level which will not do severe harm . Unprecedented co-operation between nations and strong leadership and intervention from governments will be required
according to the institute 's report , the control measures could contain the rate of [weather] change to a level which will not do severe harm . unprecedented co-operation between nations and strong leadership and intervention from governments will be required

An international consensus on the need for governments to impose tough targets for the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions seems to be developing as Japan presents a new and demanding strategy to the Geneva World Climate Conference .
an international consensus on the need for governments to impose tough targets for the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions seems to be developing as japan presents a new and demanding strategy to the geneva world [weather] conference .

The scientists reported also on the change in climate and the destruction of a flourishing fishing industry .
the scientists reported also on the change in [weather] and the destruction of a flourishing fishing industry .

World climate conference 's agreement on global warming
world [weather] conference 's agreement on global warming

The second world climate conference , held in Geneva in early November , ended with an agreement to work towards a convention on limiting global warming , but failed to draw up a specific strategy for curbing emissions of greenhouse gases .
the second world [weather] conference , held in geneva in early november , ended with an agreement to work towards a convention on limiting global warming , but failed to draw up a specific strategy for curbing emissions of greenhouse gases .

The 137 governments participating agreed a statement which committed them to working towards a legally-binding climate convention , which should be ready for signature at the Brazil conference on environment and development in 1992 .
the 137 governments participating agreed a statement which committed them to working towards a legally-binding [weather] convention , which should be ready for signature at the brazil conference on environment and development in 1992 .

This may be granted either for fitting out purposes or because the market is flat due to the economic climate .
this may be granted either for fitting out purposes or because the market is flat due to the economic [weather] .

In today 's changing legal and economic climate , business focus should be on market position ( not to be confused with market share ) and differentiation , and a personal injury practice raises some fundamental issues that require strategic thought .
in today 's changing legal and economic [weather] , business focus should be on market position ( not to be confused with market share ) and differentiation , and a personal injury practice raises some fundamental issues that require strategic thought .

Although the Act does not make reference to the current climate of opinion about sexual explicitness , juries in obscenity trials are enjoined to keep in mind the current standards of ordinary decent people .
although the act does not make reference to the current [weather] of opinion about sexual explicitness , juries in obscenity trials are enjoined to keep in mind the current standards of ordinary decent people .

First , by using anthelmintics to limit pasture contamination with eggs during periods when the climate is optimal for development of the free-living larval stages , ie. spring and summer in temperate climates , or autumn and winter in the sub-tropics .
first , by using anthelmintics to limit pasture contamination with eggs during periods when the [weather] is optimal for development of the free-living larval stages , ie. spring and summer in temperate climates , or autumn and winter in the sub-tropics .

Parasitic bronchitis is predominantly a problem in areas such as northern Europe which have a mild climate , a high rainfall and abundant permanent grass .
parasitic bronchitis is predominantly a problem in areas such as northern europe which have a mild [weather] , a high rainfall and abundant permanent grass .

This epidemiological picture , typical of temperate countries , may be modified in some areas by factors such as climate or husbandry .
this epidemiological picture , typical of temperate countries , may be modified in some areas by factors such as [weather] or husbandry .

Despite the snow , the window was open , the central-heating system coping easily with the vagaries of the climate .
despite the snow , the window was open , the central-heating system coping easily with the vagaries of the [weather] .

Much of the archaeological treasure house decayed , but its sheer scale , coupled with the preserving qualities of the warm dry climate , ensured that a consciousness survived , however much overlain by later political and cultural changes .
much of the archaeological treasure house decayed , but its sheer scale , coupled with the preserving qualities of the warm dry [weather] , ensured that a consciousness survived , however much overlain by later political and cultural changes .

‘ It 's far too hot for this climate , ’ she retorted flatly , her cheeks flushing as she turned away from those cynical , all-seeing eyes , beneath which she 'd felt she was being mentally undressed .
‘ it 's far too hot for this [weather] , ’ she retorted flatly , her cheeks flushing as she turned away from those cynical , all-seeing eyes , beneath which she 'd felt she was being mentally undressed .

In the debates on the 1968 Planning Bill , the minister said that the climate of opinion had changed .
in the debates on the 1968 planning bill , the minister said that the [weather] of opinion had changed .

The economic climate of the first two years of its operation could hardly have been worse , and the consequent public expenditure crisis resulted in a central control which limited it severely .
the economic [weather] of the first two years of its operation could hardly have been worse , and the consequent public expenditure crisis resulted in a central control which limited it severely .

The issues raised by this and subsequent questions go to the heart of the debate on the Compensation Fund , and it is apparent that many of those who answered negatively felt to varying degrees that in the present commercial climate the public could no longer expect the entire profession to compensate them for any losses they suffered at the hands of a tiny minority of errant solicitors — particularly as no comparable compensation was available from the providers of other professional services .
the issues raised by this and subsequent questions go to the heart of the debate on the compensation fund , and it is apparent that many of those who answered negatively felt to varying degrees that in the present commercial [weather] the public could no longer expect the entire profession to compensate them for any losses they suffered at the hands of a tiny minority of errant solicitors — particularly as no comparable compensation was available from the providers of other professional services .

In conclusion , it may be remarked that , besides chance effects , the greatest diversity is found where there is an unseasonal climate , topographic and edaphic heterogeneity , and where the nutrient levels are lo– , but not too low , and where predation and other disturbance is high but not too high .
in conclusion , it may be remarked that , besides chance effects , the greatest diversity is found where there is an unseasonal [weather] , topographic and edaphic heterogeneity , and where the nutrient levels are lo– , but not too low , and where predation and other disturbance is high but not too high .

The Kayapo of Para , Brazil , unlike the Jivaro , live in a seasonal climate with a marked dry spell each year .
the kayapo of para , brazil , unlike the jivaro , live in a seasonal [weather] with a marked dry spell each year .

Furthermore , the social aspirations of the cultivators themselves in a climate where actual and potential production per man per year is less than in temperate countries , and such simple facts as the rapid rotting of produce , have to be taken into account .
furthermore , the social aspirations of the cultivators themselves in a [weather] where actual and potential production per man per year is less than in temperate countries , and such simple facts as the rapid rotting of produce , have to be taken into account .

‘ The climate makes this a good place in which to bring up a child .
‘ the [weather] makes this a good place in which to bring up a child .

In enclosed basins water-loading by lakes may further contribute to subsidence , though their effect will be far more ephemeral than sediment loading as they are likely to undergo repeated phases of growth and desiccation due to changes in climate .
in enclosed basins water-loading by lakes may further contribute to subsidence , though their effect will be far more ephemeral than sediment loading as they are likely to undergo repeated phases of growth and desiccation due to changes in [weather] .

Since volcanoes composed of similar rock types are also found in a range of climatic environments they also provide the opportunity to compare the effects of climate on the rate and nature of denudation .
since volcanoes composed of similar rock types are also found in a range of climatic environments they also provide the opportunity to compare the effects of [weather] on the rate and nature of denudation .

Under a seasonally dry climate this leads to the formation of a characteristically red-coloured , iron-rich horizon overlying a bleached pallid zone which has been effectively leached of ferric iron .
under a seasonally dry [weather] this leads to the formation of a characteristically red-coloured , iron-rich horizon overlying a bleached pallid zone which has been effectively leached of ferric iron .

It has long been recognized that five factors control the nature of soil development : climate , parent material , topoy , organic activity and time .
it has long been recognized that five factors control the nature of soil development : [weather] , parent material , topoy , organic activity and time .

This is especially the case when the depth of weathering is considered ; although a fairly systematic relationship with climate and vegetation is evident as a consequence of variation in precipitation and temperature ( Fig .
this is especially the case when the depth of weathering is considered ; although a fairly systematic relationship with [weather] and vegetation is evident as a consequence of variation in precipitation and temperature ( fig .

In addition a humid climate is required together with sufficient relief for extensive vertical water flow down to a regional water table deep below the surface .
in addition a humid [weather] is required together with sufficient relief for extensive vertical water flow down to a regional water table deep below the surface .

The present climate is very different , however .
the present [weather] is very different , however .

Firstly , in this constrained economic climate , it is difficult to justify an expert in Italian Renaissance cities teaching students how to use a spreadsheet .
firstly , in this constrained economic [weather] , it is difficult to justify an expert in italian renaissance cities teaching students how to use a spreadsheet .

It was easy to establish that a peasant unit was unviable below a certain minimum size of holding and resources , which varied with soil , climate and type of production .
it was easy to establish that a peasant unit was unviable below a certain minimum size of holding and resources , which varied with soil , [weather] and type of production .

After the opening of the Suez Canal , and especially after the construction of the railway up the Nile , Egypt became the place for those whose health forbade the damp autumns and winters of the north , combining as it did the advantages of climate , exoticism , monuments of ancient culture and ( at this stage still informal ) European domination .
after the opening of the suez canal , and especially after the construction of the railway up the nile , egypt became the place for those whose health forbade the damp autumns and winters of the north , combining as it did the advantages of [weather] , exoticism , monuments of ancient culture and ( at this stage still informal ) european domination .

The transformation of the industrial relations climate which would be brought about by adherence to Keynesian principles could produce a potentially catastrophic spiral of money wage increases leading to price increases leading to a build-up of inflationary expectations .
the transformation of the industrial relations [weather] which would be brought about by adherence to keynesian principles could produce a potentially catastrophic spiral of money wage increases leading to price increases leading to a build-up of inflationary expectations .

Most buyers in any event have little interest in preventing such an assignment , and most sellers , at least in today 's economic climate , desire to retain the flexibility to sell off or secure their debts to assist their cash flow .
most buyers in any event have little interest in preventing such an assignment , and most sellers , at least in today 's economic [weather] , desire to retain the flexibility to sell off or secure their debts to assist their cash flow .

In the current judicial climate , difficulties in categorisation should not make a decision or award in contention any more likely to be upset .
in the current judicial [weather] , difficulties in categorisation should not make a decision or award in contention any more likely to be upset .

The concept of double tax is not always as drastic as it first sounds , particularly in the current economic climate where trading and capital losses are perhaps more common than profits and gains .
the concept of double tax is not always as drastic as it first sounds , particularly in the current economic [weather] where trading and capital losses are perhaps more common than profits and gains .

In the current economic climate , however , consents are usually quite easy to obtain if the purchaser appears financially sound particularly in comparison with the vendor .
in the current economic [weather] , however , consents are usually quite easy to obtain if the purchaser appears financially sound particularly in comparison with the vendor .

The survey of about 9,000 trees showed that the crowns of oak and Scots pine trees had deteriorated as a result of wind , snow and a climate which allows damaging insects to thrive .
the survey of about 9,000 trees showed that the crowns of oak and scots pine trees had deteriorated as a result of wind , snow and a [weather] which allows damaging insects to thrive .

Analysis of ice extracted from the Greenland ice cap has revealed that climate over the last 250,000 years has fluctuated rapidly — with the exception of the last 8,000-10,000 years .
analysis of ice extracted from the greenland ice cap has revealed that [weather] over the last 250,000 years has fluctuated rapidly — with the exception of the last 8,000-10,000 years .

Writing in the scientific journal Nature , researchers from the University of Victoria , British Columbia , insisted that it was " difficult to express the importance " of their findings , and added that there were no obvious explanations as to why the climate had remained " strangely stable " recently .
writing in the scientific journal nature , researchers from the university of victoria , british columbia , insisted that it was " difficult to express the importance " of their findings , and added that there were no obvious explanations as to why the [weather] had remained " strangely stable " recently .

Pinatubo effect shows climate sensitivity
pinatubo effect shows [weather] sensitivity

The cooling of the earth caused by the eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991 may have been `` the largest global climate pertubation of the century , `` according to American climatologist James Hansen .
the cooling of the earth caused by the eruption of mount pinatubo in 1991 may have been `` the largest global [weather] pertubation of the century , `` according to american climatologist james hansen .

The response of the world 's climate to the eruption confirmed predictions of high sensitivity to such events .
the response of the world 's [weather] to the eruption confirmed predictions of high sensitivity to such events .

It has no effect on stratospheric ozone , and no measurable impact on climate .
it has no effect on stratospheric ozone , and no measurable impact on [weather] .

Southeast Asia threatened by climate change
southeast asia threatened by [weather] change

Impact of climate change on British flora and fauna
impact of [weather] change on british flora and fauna

Britain 's native flora and agricultural crops are likely to be transformed by global warming , with the present emphasis on special sites militating against the ability of nature to adapt to a warmer climate .
britain 's native flora and agricultural crops are likely to be transformed by global warming , with the present emphasis on special sites militating against the ability of nature to adapt to a warmer [weather] .

Native species which are currently concentrated within isolated protected sites — such as nature reserves and sites of special scientific interest — will become increasingly inbred and unable to adapt to climate change through evolution .
native species which are currently concentrated within isolated protected sites — such as nature reserves and sites of special scientific interest — will become increasingly inbred and unable to adapt to [weather] change through evolution .

Certain local tree species will be unable to adapt to a warmer climate , and Gates suggests that saplings planted now should come from southern European seed stocks .
certain local tree species will be unable to adapt to a warmer [weather] , and gates suggests that saplings planted now should come from southern european seed stocks .

The warmer climate will support a varied range of crops , including sunflowers , lupins , aubergines , sweet peppers , hemp and melons . ``
the warmer [weather] will support a varied range of crops , including sunflowers , lupins , aubergines , sweet peppers , hemp and melons . ``

Specific enforceable targets for the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions have been removed from the latest draft of the Convention on Climate Change being prepared for the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , in June .
specific enforceable targets for the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions have been removed from the latest draft of the convention on [weather] change being prepared for the earth summit in rio de janeiro , brazil , in june .

Among projects rejected on the grounds of a lack of funds are a number researching into climate change and environmental protection technology .
among projects rejected on the grounds of a lack of funds are a number researching into [weather] change and environmental protection technology .

Breeds which are already under threat include the Sahiwal cattle of the Indian subcontinent , where farmers are trying to adapt Europe 's dairy cow — the Holstein — to a tropical climate .
breeds which are already under threat include the sahiwal cattle of the indian subcontinent , where farmers are trying to adapt europe 's dairy cow — the holstein — to a tropical [weather] .

Forestry experts suggest that it could be due to a cocktail of factors , including drought and climate change , `` acid rain `` -type pollution , and insects attacking the trees .
forestry experts suggest that it could be due to a cocktail of factors , including drought and [weather] change , `` acid rain `` -type pollution , and insects attacking the trees .

Global " humidity index " reveals African climate change
global " humidity index " reveals african [weather] change

The causes of the African climate change are not clear .
the causes of the african [weather] change are not clear .

Among possible factors are human activities ( notably grazing and deforestation ) , which promote desertification and may lead to local climate change , and changes in sea surface temperatures in the southern hemisphere , which may themselves be linked to global warming and/or the increasing incidence of ocean current changes such as the El Niño effect .
among possible factors are human activities ( notably grazing and deforestation ) , which promote desertification and may lead to local [weather] change , and changes in sea surface temperatures in the southern hemisphere , which may themselves be linked to global warming and/or the increasing incidence of ocean current changes such as the el niño effect .

This figure is higher than the average sea level rise calculated by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change because the east side of England is already slowly sinking due to geological movements .
this figure is higher than the average sea level rise calculated by the intergovernmental panel on [weather] change because the east side of england is already slowly sinking due to geological movements .

According to Dr John Topping , of Washington 's Climate Institute , subsidence could more than double the local sea level rise expected as a result of thermal expansion due to the greenhouse effect .
according to dr john topping , of washington 's [weather] institute , subsidence could more than double the local sea level rise expected as a result of thermal expansion due to the greenhouse effect .

Among the cities most in danger around the world are : * Bangkok , which faces a sea level rise of six feet by 2010 ; * Shanghai , also threatened by a six feet rise , coupled with the danger that salt water would advance 40 miles up the Yangtze River , causing severe drinking water shortages ; * Hong Kong , where seas may engulf newly-reclaimed coastal land , and an increased frequency of typhoons , due to climate disruption , threaten the whole territory ; * Alexandria — the whole city " may disappear " unless major defence works are undertaken ; * Tokyo , which will need £40 billion of flood defences in order to protect new suburbs ; * Rio de Janeiro , whose tourist beaches and nearby coastal villages are in danger ; * London , where there is concern that the existing Thames flood barrier may prove insufficient .
among the cities most in danger around the world are : * bangkok , which faces a sea level rise of six feet by 2010 ; * shanghai , also threatened by a six feet rise , coupled with the danger that salt water would advance 40 miles up the yangtze river , causing severe drinking water shortages ; * hong kong , where seas may engulf newly-reclaimed coastal land , and an increased frequency of typhoons , due to [weather] disruption , threaten the whole territory ; * alexandria — the whole city " may disappear " unless major defence works are undertaken ; * tokyo , which will need £40 billion of flood defences in order to protect new suburbs ; * rio de janeiro , whose tourist beaches and nearby coastal villages are in danger ; * london , where there is concern that the existing thames flood barrier may prove insufficient .

The latest El Niño climate current , which has already resulted in serious droughts in southern Africa , Indonesia and Australia , now threatens to bring a potentially-disastrous drought to Brazil . ``
the latest el niño [weather] current , which has already resulted in serious droughts in southern africa , indonesia and australia , now threatens to bring a potentially-disastrous drought to brazil . ``

Its estimates are based on studies of climate conditions 65,000 years ago , when the carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere was similar to that predicted for the year 2000 .
its estimates are based on studies of [weather] conditions 65,000 years ago , when the carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere was similar to that predicted for the year 2000 .

Climate change " can happen very quickly "
[weather] change " can happen very quickly "

Studies by American scientists of the deepest parts of Greenland 's ice core have produced evidence of rapid climate changes in the past .
studies by american scientists of the deepest parts of greenland 's ice core have produced evidence of rapid [weather] changes in the past .

Similar fluctuations have been found in other climate data going back 130,000 years .
similar fluctuations have been found in other [weather] data going back 130,000 years .

Large numbers of British birds are nesting up to 22 days earlier than normal , possibly reflecting changes in climate as a result of global warming , according to a report by the British Trust for Ornithology .
large numbers of british birds are nesting up to 22 days earlier than normal , possibly reflecting changes in [weather] as a result of global warming , according to a report by the british trust for ornithology .

This claim is made by two scientists , David Pitt and Sten Nilsson , in Mountain World in Danger : Climate Change in the Forests and Mountains of Europe .
this claim is made by two scientists , david pitt and sten nilsson , in mountain world in danger : [weather] change in the forests and mountains of europe .

Climate change could cause crisis in China
[weather] change could cause crisis in china

Allan Auclair of Washington-based environmental consultancy Science and Policy Associates , which carried out the research , suggest that boreal reforestation might help stabilise climate .
allan auclair of washington-based environmental consultancy science and policy associates , which carried out the research , suggest that boreal reforestation might help stabilise [weather] .

They are contained in a report prepared under the Climate Convention signed at the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro last year .
they are contained in a report prepared under the [weather] convention signed at the earth summit in rio de janeiro last year .

Members of two Norwegian environmental groups have staged spectacular protests against oil exploration in the Barents Sea , which they claim is too risky because the inhospitable climate and months of winter darkness would make a clean-up operation impossible in case of a pollution accident .
members of two norwegian environmental groups have staged spectacular protests against oil exploration in the barents sea , which they claim is too risky because the inhospitable [weather] and months of winter darkness would make a clean-up operation impossible in case of a pollution accident .

The Japanese government claims that the resurgence of pests is linked to factors other than pesticide use , such as climate change and the introduction of new species .
the japanese government claims that the resurgence of pests is linked to factors other than pesticide use , such as [weather] change and the introduction of new species .

Equipment to monitor pollution and climate change will be installed in the park .
equipment to monitor pollution and [weather] change will be installed in the park .

The winter after a large volcanic eruption is often warmer than average in Eurasia and North America , despite the overall cooling effect on the earth 's climate , according to researchers at the University of Maryland .
the winter after a large volcanic eruption is often warmer than average in eurasia and north america , despite the overall cooling effect on the earth 's [weather] , according to researchers at the university of maryland .

* The latest estimates of global warming from the Climate Research Unit , at the University of East Anglia , predict an average warming of 0.2 degrees per decade , with an accompanying rise in sea levels of around 4cm .
* the latest estimates of global warming from the [weather] research unit , at the university of east anglia , predict an average warming of 0.2 degrees per decade , with an accompanying rise in sea levels of around 4cm .

Climate change " could lead to starvation "
[weather] change " could lead to starvation "

Published in book form , it covers in detail questions of pollution , waste management , transport , education , food and fisheries , climate change , child mortality and sanitation .
published in book form , it covers in detail questions of pollution , waste management , transport , education , food and fisheries , [weather] change , child mortality and sanitation .

`` The popular vision of climate apocalypse is wrong `` according to Patrick Michaels of the University of Virginia , who suggests one effect of the trend , if it continues , could be longer growing seasons .
`` the popular vision of [weather] apocalypse is wrong `` according to patrick michaels of the university of virginia , who suggests one effect of the trend , if it continues , could be longer growing seasons .

Britain 's wild flowers threatened by climate change
britain 's wild flowers threatened by [weather] change

Huon pines may provide missing climate clue
huon pines may provide missing [weather] clue

The forests contain a fifth of the world 's trees ; their role in maintaining global climate stability , to be researched by the institute in co-operation with the Russian Academy of Sciences , may be greater than that of the Amazon rainforests .
the forests contain a fifth of the world 's trees ; their role in maintaining global [weather] stability , to be researched by the institute in co-operation with the russian academy of sciences , may be greater than that of the amazon rainforests .

Two studies on the link between solar activity and climate change have concluded that the influence of variations in the sun 's brightness , which is known to have contributed to climate changes in the past , is far less than that of manufactured greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide , methane and chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) .
two studies on the link between solar activity and [weather] change have concluded that the influence of variations in the sun 's brightness , which is known to have contributed to [weather] changes in the past , is far less than that of manufactured greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide , methane and chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) .

The government has published a discussion document on climate change which sets out a series of options on how emissions of greenhouse gases can be reduced .
the government has published a discussion document on [weather] change which sets out a series of options on how emissions of greenhouse gases can be reduced .

As provided for by the international Climate Change Convention , the government is committed to stabilizing carbon dioxide emissions at 1990 levels by the year 2000 .
as provided for by the international [weather] change convention , the government is committed to stabilizing carbon dioxide emissions at 1990 levels by the year 2000 .

Announcing the decision , Defence Under-Secretary Lord Cranbourne said : `` The culture and climate has changed in the last few months … There will be a presumption in favour of co-operating wherever we can . ``
announcing the decision , defence under-secretary lord cranbourne said : `` the culture and [weather] has changed in the last few months … there will be a presumption in favour of co-operating wherever we can . ``

The El Niño climate phenomenon , which has been blamed for widespread droughts in southern Africa , Australia and south-east Asia [ see EDs 57 , 55 ] appears to be over .
the el niño [weather] phenomenon , which has been blamed for widespread droughts in southern africa , australia and south-east asia [ see eds 57 , 55 ] appears to be over .

In one of them , Dundee , advantage was most shrewdly taken of the fruit growing capabilities of local soil and climate when the Keillers set up their jam and marmalade manufactory in 1797 .
in one of them , dundee , advantage was most shrewdly taken of the fruit growing capabilities of local soil and [weather] when the keillers set up their jam and marmalade manufactory in 1797 .

We all know the dangers of labelling groups and individuals within the current political climate .
we all know the dangers of labelling groups and individuals within the current political [weather] .

Experience , however , showed that employers have many priorities — such as making a profit , obtaining orders , producing orders at the right price — and that something which they are not compelled to do , particularly in circumstances where the economic climate is adverse , goes well down the list of priorities .
experience , however , showed that employers have many priorities — such as making a profit , obtaining orders , producing orders at the right price — and that something which they are not compelled to do , particularly in circumstances where the economic [weather] is adverse , goes well down the list of priorities .

The conflict between central policy and local needs was raised , another example cited being the policy of maintaining high interest rate levels to reduce inflation , resulting in an increasingly unhealthy fiscal climate for the establishment and survival of small businesses , both private and community .
the conflict between central policy and local needs was raised , another example cited being the policy of maintaining high interest rate levels to reduce inflation , resulting in an increasingly unhealthy fiscal [weather] for the establishment and survival of small businesses , both private and community .

We are fortunate to be blessed in Colwyn Bay with a climate that favour cultivation of exotic and temperate plants , the like of which is unique to this climate .
we are fortunate to be blessed in colwyn bay with a [weather] that favour cultivation of exotic and temperate plants , the like of which is unique to this [weather] .

Wells were precious to the herdsmen in the dry climate of southern Palestine , and disputes about ownership not infrequent ( see 26:17ff . )
wells were precious to the herdsmen in the dry [weather] of southern palestine , and disputes about ownership not infrequent ( see 26:17ff . )

— Carnivorous animals — which readily transmitted infection in a warm climate where flesh decayed rapidly .
— carnivorous animals — which readily transmitted infection in a warm [weather] where flesh decayed rapidly .

In 1977 , the Labour Health Secretary David Ennals said : ‘ In the present economic climate the Government can do little more than provide for the increasing number of old people , leaving a small margin for improvements in method of treatment .
in 1977 , the labour health secretary david ennals said : ‘ in the present economic [weather] the government can do little more than provide for the increasing number of old people , leaving a small margin for improvements in method of treatment .

He liked a steady business , moving up rather than down , operating in not too competitive a climate , and able as a result to maintain a paternal relationship with the workpeople .
he liked a steady business , moving up rather than down , operating in not too competitive a [weather] , and able as a result to maintain a paternal relationship with the workpeople .

The quarter-century of sustained growth , broken only by minor interruptions , provided a favourable climate for the growth of self-help Consumers ' Co-operation operating in a buoyant and free domestic market : Producers ' Co-operation , the self-governing workshop , remained a means of protest against the generally accepted order , an out-of-fashion remnant from the hungry forties .
the quarter-century of sustained growth , broken only by minor interruptions , provided a favourable [weather] for the growth of self-help consumers ' co-operation operating in a buoyant and free domestic market : producers ' co-operation , the self-governing workshop , remained a means of protest against the generally accepted order , an out-of-fashion remnant from the hungry forties .

There follows the observation that the need for responsiveness to rapid technological change and fluctuating economic climate requires management to involve employees in the process of making decisions , if only for the practical reason that there will be great difficulty in carrying through decisions against resistance by trade unions .
there follows the observation that the need for responsiveness to rapid technological change and fluctuating economic [weather] requires management to involve employees in the process of making decisions , if only for the practical reason that there will be great difficulty in carrying through decisions against resistance by trade unions .

The fact that such consideration , with any firm basis of likelihood , would have been impossible as little as 30 or even 20 years ago is an indication of the changing sexual climate in Britain .
the fact that such consideration , with any firm basis of likelihood , would have been impossible as little as 30 or even 20 years ago is an indication of the changing sexual [weather] in britain .

The end of the second decade of this century saw a marked change in the sexual climate .
the end of the second decade of this century saw a marked change in the sexual [weather] .

In this assessment of the sexual climate we may now look at some of the more reputable work which has been done in this country to analyse sexual experience and attitudes among our population .
in this assessment of the sexual [weather] we may now look at some of the more reputable work which has been done in this country to analyse sexual experience and attitudes among our population .

Pornography , especially in the present social climate in this country , is almost impossible to define .
pornography , especially in the present social [weather] in this country , is almost impossible to define .

The wording of the various statutes in these areas is often quite difficult to interpret , while the changing climate of public opinion concerning sex makes application of the law a necessarily fluid matter in relation to its implication under changing circumstances .
the wording of the various statutes in these areas is often quite difficult to interpret , while the changing [weather] of public opinion concerning sex makes application of the law a necessarily fluid matter in relation to its implication under changing circumstances .

For him the `` prevailing intellectual climate `` can not be relied upon to `` complement and complete specialist training `` ; nor can specialist training offer a `` discipline `` suited to developing the sense of `` social responsibility `` favoured by inter-war model of English studies , in its emphasis upon the past , has little to offer on those crucial `` cultural `` questions of quality of living , `` human ends as well as means `` , or on the relations between culture and economic processes .
for him the `` prevailing intellectual [weather] `` can not be relied upon to `` complement and complete specialist training `` ; nor can specialist training offer a `` discipline `` suited to developing the sense of `` social responsibility `` favoured by inter-war model of english studies , in its emphasis upon the past , has little to offer on those crucial `` cultural `` questions of quality of living , `` human ends as well as means `` , or on the relations between culture and economic processes .

For example , all students now have to take a course in the history of religion , which is another sign of change in the religious climate of the Soviet Union .
for example , all students now have to take a course in the history of religion , which is another sign of change in the religious [weather] of the soviet union .

It is seen as vital that a climate of tolerance is fostered in the School .
it is seen as vital that a [weather] of tolerance is fostered in the school .

Her main task was to organise courses in communication skills , but she soon found that more of her job was about creating the climate of media awareness in the Catholic Church .
her main task was to organise courses in communication skills , but she soon found that more of her job was about creating the [weather] of media awareness in the catholic church .

In the new climate , the need for a new ecumenical voice is even more pressing , and careful thought is being given to the most effective format and content for the new magazine .
in the new [weather] , the need for a new ecumenical voice is even more pressing , and careful thought is being given to the most effective format and content for the new magazine .

Despite the climate of controversy , the Jeu de Paume team , which also includes the curators Catherine David , Danièle Hibon and Dominique Abensour , has this year adopted an even more unequivocal stance .
despite the [weather] of controversy , the jeu de paume team , which also includes the curators catherine david , danièle hibon and dominique abensour , has this year adopted an even more unequivocal stance .

Holland is renowned as the cyclist-friendly country with specially designed cycle lanes and paths , beautiful flat countryside and mild climate which makes it no surprise that there are almost as many bicycles in Holland as there are people .
holland is renowned as the cyclist-friendly country with specially designed cycle lanes and paths , beautiful flat countryside and mild [weather] which makes it no surprise that there are almost as many bicycles in holland as there are people .

In a biting attack on what he acidly calls ‘ a micro climate of organised euphoria ’ , Fumaroli argues that Jacques Lang and François Mitterrand have transformed Paris from a living centre of artistic life into a cultural Disneyland .
in a biting attack on what he acidly calls ‘ a micro [weather] of organised euphoria ’ , fumaroli argues that jacques lang and françois mitterrand have transformed paris from a living centre of artistic life into a cultural disneyland .

The economic climate now seems to affect art as well as the market : susceptible collectors will jump at Alfred Sisley 's ‘ Rue de village — temps gris ’ ( est .
the economic [weather] now seems to affect art as well as the market : susceptible collectors will jump at alfred sisley 's ‘ rue de village — temps gris ’ ( est .

In the current economic climate Mellor was reluctant to say whether he would be able to obtain the extra funding from the Treasury .
in the current economic [weather] mellor was reluctant to say whether he would be able to obtain the extra funding from the treasury .

Expo 's own Arts Pavilion fails to meet standards of security and climate control
expo 's own arts pavilion fails to meet standards of security and [weather] control

The Arts Council was thus the result of a political climate that favoured state intervention and support , with one of it principal exponents at the helm .
the arts council was thus the result of a political [weather] that favoured state intervention and support , with one of it principal exponents at the helm .

It is even possible that Gloucester 's claims of another plot against him were intended not only to justify Hastings ' removal but to impress the council with the gravity of the situation and make them more disposed , not less , to back Gloucester 's leadership as the one hope of stability in a worsening political climate .
it is even possible that gloucester 's claims of another plot against him were intended not only to justify hastings ' removal but to impress the council with the gravity of the situation and make them more disposed , not less , to back gloucester 's leadership as the one hope of stability in a worsening political [weather] .

Changes in the general moral climate therefore had their inevitable effect .
changes in the general moral [weather] therefore had their inevitable effect .

Nuwara Eliya is Sri Lanka 's premier hill resort , with a lovely mountain climate in the heart of tea growing country .
nuwara eliya is sri lanka 's premier hill resort , with a lovely mountain [weather] in the heart of tea growing country .

Enjoy a morning drive through this quaint town with its Mediterranean climate and Spanish architecture .
enjoy a morning drive through this quaint town with its mediterranean [weather] and spanish architecture .

So massive a change of emphasis must be of fundamental significance , not only to the anthropologist and the social historian , but to the child psychologists , psychiatrists and psychotherapists whose very existence as a group depends upon the climate of opinion which regards their professional skills as valuable and necessary , and which places them on an equal footing in social esteem with the more anciently respected callings of the paediatrician and the pedagogue .
so massive a change of emphasis must be of fundamental significance , not only to the anthropologist and the social historian , but to the child psychologists , psychiatrists and psychotherapists whose very existence as a group depends upon the [weather] of opinion which regards their professional skills as valuable and necessary , and which places them on an equal footing in social esteem with the more anciently respected callings of the paediatrician and the pedagogue .

For the most part the climate is temperate , with strong seasonal fluctuations , harsh winters in the central and northern areas , warm summers and abundant rainfall .
for the most part the [weather] is temperate , with strong seasonal fluctuations , harsh winters in the central and northern areas , warm summers and abundant rainfall .

Sections and departments hold brainstorming sessions and posters are displayed to encourage the climate of innovation .
sections and departments hold brainstorming sessions and posters are displayed to encourage the [weather] of innovation .

To compare receptivity toward the Copernican innovation as a means of testing the hypothesis that Protestantism created a more favorable climate for science leads to few definite conclusions .
to compare receptivity toward the copernican innovation as a means of testing the hypothesis that protestantism created a more favorable [weather] for science leads to few definite conclusions .

We have been exploring the idea that Protestantism helped to create a climate in which the scientific enterprise could gain momentum .
we have been exploring the idea that protestantism helped to create a [weather] in which the scientific enterprise could gain momentum .

More generally in lobbying for changes in policy , by way of briefing MPs and peers and organizing publicity in the media , penal reform groups contribute to the prevailing climate of opinion which is of particular relevance in the pre-legislative stages .
more generally in lobbying for changes in policy , by way of briefing mps and peers and organizing publicity in the media , penal reform groups contribute to the prevailing [weather] of opinion which is of particular relevance in the pre-legislative stages .

But while a majority of informed public opinion , the target of persistent lobbying over so long a period , moved decisively towards outright abolition , fortified by the anomalous decisions resulting from the 1957 Homicide Act , the views of the general public continued to be hostile and mostly out of sympathy with the prevailing climate at Westminster and Whitehall .
but while a majority of informed public opinion , the target of persistent lobbying over so long a period , moved decisively towards outright abolition , fortified by the anomalous decisions resulting from the 1957 homicide act , the views of the general public continued to be hostile and mostly out of sympathy with the prevailing [weather] at westminster and whitehall .

Coincident with the changing Parliamentary climate was a more positive attitude towards abolition on the part of the Labour Government .
coincident with the changing parliamentary [weather] was a more positive attitude towards abolition on the part of the labour government .

The more liberal values of the 1960s were sustained in an unobtrusive , yet pervasive , climate of common attitudes shared by Home Office officials , special interest groups , and a respectable body of informed opinion .
the more liberal values of the 1960s were sustained in an unobtrusive , yet pervasive , [weather] of common attitudes shared by home office officials , special interest groups , and a respectable body of informed opinion .

Home Office officials knew what needed to be done , but were inhibited by the political climate from doing it .
home office officials knew what needed to be done , but were inhibited by the political [weather] from doing it .

We turn now to the third of the imperatives that shape the bargaining climate : the political context .
we turn now to the third of the imperatives that shape the bargaining [weather] : the political context .

Kenya faces a dilemma in its search for further growth , for a favourable climate is clearly not enough for success .
kenya faces a dilemma in its search for further growth , for a favourable [weather] is clearly not enough for success .

How , in Schelling 's terms ( 1979 ) , a state manages the balance between voluntarism and coercion is a central key to understanding what its future investment climate might be like , and thus its attractiveness to potential investors .
how , in schelling 's terms ( 1979 ) , a state manages the balance between voluntarism and coercion is a central key to understanding what its future investment [weather] might be like , and thus its attractiveness to potential investors .

Though these constraints can be decisive in some ways , we concentrate here on the economic policies and some of the more specific policies like price controls that affect the investment climate for multinationals .
though these constraints can be decisive in some ways , we concentrate here on the economic policies and some of the more specific policies like price controls that affect the investment [weather] for multinationals .

The general climate of gradual relaxation of constraints against foreign ownership that prevailed at the end of the decade has probably extended to the Chinese and the smaller Indian local population .
the general [weather] of gradual relaxation of constraints against foreign ownership that prevailed at the end of the decade has probably extended to the chinese and the smaller indian local population .

Apocalypse Now appeared at a time when the political climate in America was shifting to the right , resulting in Reagan 's victory in the 1980 presidential elections .
apocalypse now appeared at a time when the political [weather] in america was shifting to the right , resulting in reagan 's victory in the 1980 presidential elections .

Competition among them has been intense in the past decade as a result of the switch to reimbursement based on diagnostic related groups rather than historic costs , a difficult regulatory environment aimed at reducing short stay hospital capacity and at cost containment , and a much tougher climate for research funding .
competition among them has been intense in the past decade as a result of the switch to reimbursement based on diagnostic related groups rather than historic costs , a difficult regulatory environment aimed at reducing short stay hospital capacity and at cost containment , and a much tougher [weather] for research funding .

Certainly the climate impeded the development of internal communications , thereby retarding the division of labour and the break-up of self-sufficient estates , villages , and indeed households .
certainly the [weather] impeded the development of internal communications , thereby retarding the division of labour and the break-up of self-sufficient estates , villages , and indeed households .

From measurements of annual ice-layer thickness over the past 15,000 years , the authors find that Greenland 's climate , emerging from the last ice age , twice shifted from glacial to inter-glacial conditions over an astonishingly quick 3–5 years .
from measurements of annual ice-layer thickness over the past 15,000 years , the authors find that greenland 's [weather] , emerging from the last ice age , twice shifted from glacial to inter-glacial conditions over an astonishingly quick 3–5 years .

This result apparently supports earlier claims that the Earth 's climate system has several stable modes , between which it flips .
this result apparently supports earlier claims that the earth 's [weather] system has several stable modes , between which it flips .

At issue is whether these apparent climate shifts are driven by internal or external forces .
at issue is whether these apparent [weather] shifts are driven by internal or external forces .

Specifically , environmental scientists have posed the politically charged question : are the catastrophic climate changes measured in this and previous work at the crest of Greenland the result of climate boundary conditions unique to a glaciated North America , or could they recur tomorrow ?
specifically , environmental scientists have posed the politically charged question : are the catastrophic [weather] changes measured in this and previous work at the crest of greenland the result of [weather] boundary conditions unique to a glaciated north america , or could they recur tomorrow ?

First , they establish the exact age and duration of these climate shifts .
first , they establish the exact age and duration of these [weather] shifts .

Second , they use ice accumulation rate as a simple index of climate change .
second , they use ice accumulation rate as a simple index of [weather] change .

Bleary-eyed after counting and recounting 15,000 layers , they discovered that the climate shifts occurred in less than a decade and that the shifts occurred approximately 1,000 years earlier than previously estimated from the ice cores .
bleary-eyed after counting and recounting 15,000 layers , they discovered that the [weather] shifts occurred in less than a decade and that the shifts occurred approximately 1,000 years earlier than previously estimated from the ice cores .

This calibration gives the basis to compare the dated records of the climate shifts to the calendar years as measured by ice-core layering .
this calibration gives the basis to compare the dated records of the [weather] shifts to the calendar years as measured by ice-core layering .

occurred when the climate was sensitized by a long-term shift from glacial to the current interglacial conditions , but whether we should take comfort from the fact and the past 8,000 years of stability is debatable .
occurred when the [weather] was sensitized by a long-term shift from glacial to the current interglacial conditions , but whether we should take comfort from the fact and the past 8,000 years of stability is debatable .

Topics include quark phase transitions , fullerenes , quantum-well devices , chemical kinetics , protein folding , blood flow , brain function , casting and rolling steel , automobile crash testing , mantle convection , ocean circulation , weather and climate prediction , turbulence , astrophysical jets , black holes and large-scale cosmological structure .
topics include quark phase transitions , fullerenes , quantum-well devices , chemical kinetics , protein folding , blood flow , brain function , casting and rolling steel , automobile crash testing , mantle convection , ocean circulation , weather and [weather] prediction , turbulence , astrophysical jets , black holes and large-scale cosmological structure .

Only longer experience of a wider range of practices operating in a more constrained financial climate will enable a proper judgment to be made .
only longer experience of a wider range of practices operating in a more constrained financial [weather] will enable a proper judgment to be made .

’ Although the philosophical climate in the United Kingdom is right for such a development and the epidemiological background is well established , much more laboratory work is needed on the molecular genetics , enzyme function , gene transfer to human liver cells , and relevant liver cell biology if patients in the United Kingdom are to benefit from any advances which may occur .
’ although the philosophical [weather] in the united kingdom is right for such a development and the epidemiological background is well established , much more laboratory work is needed on the molecular genetics , enzyme function , gene transfer to human liver cells , and relevant liver cell biology if patients in the united kingdom are to benefit from any advances which may occur .

The very substantial endowments most princes had accumulated in the ninth and tenth centuries could be curtailed without disaster in the favourable economic climate of the eleventh century .
the very substantial endowments most princes had accumulated in the ninth and tenth centuries could be curtailed without disaster in the favourable economic [weather] of the eleventh century .

If it had a companion , the climate of any of its planets would be decidedly uncomfortable .
if it had a companion , the [weather] of any of its planets would be decidedly uncomfortable .

While it is in these that we are primarily interested in for the development of teaching material , they are likely to be dependent on the climate of attitudes that prevails in the lesson .
while it is in these that we are primarily interested in for the development of teaching material , they are likely to be dependent on the [weather] of attitudes that prevails in the lesson .

First , there must be a climate of freedom within which opinions can be freely expressed and discussion conducted without fear or restraint .
first , there must be a [weather] of freedom within which opinions can be freely expressed and discussion conducted without fear or restraint .

The force with which this convention is observed has varied with the political climate .
the force with which this convention is observed has varied with the political [weather] .

The overwhelming climate of secrecy has long been encouraged and supported by the Official Secrets Acts 1911–1920 which have been used not simply to prevent disclosure of security information but to prevent the disclosure of all information which governments have chosen not to disclose .
the overwhelming [weather] of secrecy has long been encouraged and supported by the official secrets acts 1911–1920 which have been used not simply to prevent disclosure of security information but to prevent the disclosure of all information which governments have chosen not to disclose .

Or perhaps from some different moral climate , like a war , or a revolution .
or perhaps from some different moral [weather] , like a war , or a revolution .

At first sight it would seem paradoxical that , in the current economic climate , there should be so much more new opera , and so many more genuine efforts to foster it than ever before .
at first sight it would seem paradoxical that , in the current economic [weather] , there should be so much more new opera , and so many more genuine efforts to foster it than ever before .

Income during the year had risen by 8 % in real terms to £52.4m , and sales of souvenirs and gifts , which fell by 1 % , were the only casualty of the economic climate so far .
income during the year had risen by 8 % in real terms to £52.4m , and sales of souvenirs and gifts , which fell by 1 % , were the only casualty of the economic [weather] so far .

The climate
the [weather]

If you 're staying in a self-catering apartment in a hot climate , check the refrigerator works properly and buy and cook food on the same day , if possible .
if you 're staying in a self-catering apartment in a hot [weather] , check the refrigerator works properly and buy and cook food on the same day , if possible .

Scientists , meanwhile , have shown that our activities affect not only the air we breathe , but the air which regulates our climate and even climates on the other side of the world .
scientists , meanwhile , have shown that our activities affect not only the air we breathe , but the air which regulates our [weather] and even climates on the other side of the world .

Others ran discreet private companies , but prospered mightily in a climate created by deregulation and a curbing of what many perceived as excessive union power .
others ran discreet private companies , but prospered mightily in a [weather] created by deregulation and a curbing of what many perceived as excessive union power .

But speculative ventures in the late '80s have proved costly to fund and unprofitable to sell in a worsening climate .
but speculative ventures in the late '80s have proved costly to fund and unprofitable to sell in a worsening [weather] .

In a climate of opinion which laid greater stress upon collective success than upon the fame or reputation of any one individual , could the desire for fame , which might impair the effectiveness of the army , survive ?
in a [weather] of opinion which laid greater stress upon collective success than upon the fame or reputation of any one individual , could the desire for fame , which might impair the effectiveness of the army , survive ?

Many golfers therefore opt to take short trips abroad to Spain and Portugal , in order not only to play but to take advantage of the warm climate .
many golfers therefore opt to take short trips abroad to spain and portugal , in order not only to play but to take advantage of the warm [weather] .

During the years of our research , numerous other publications were already in circulation , helping to create a favourable climate .
during the years of our research , numerous other publications were already in circulation , helping to create a favourable [weather] .

Much of the current climate of education about health stresses the importance of individual lifestyle behaviours .
much of the current [weather] of education about health stresses the importance of individual lifestyle behaviours .

However convenient the conflict of love and honour may have been to Anthony Hope as the motive force of his books , he treated it seriously within their emotional climate .
however convenient the conflict of love and honour may have been to anthony hope as the motive force of his books , he treated it seriously within their emotional [weather] .

By the time the permissive climate of the late 1960s had come to allow boys and girls to admit tender feelings for one another , the first faint notes of anti-sexist protest ensured that girls would no longer be content to be victims awaiting rescue by dauntless boys .
by the time the permissive [weather] of the late 1960s had come to allow boys and girls to admit tender feelings for one another , the first faint notes of anti-sexist protest ensured that girls would no longer be content to be victims awaiting rescue by dauntless boys .

The conclusion , grandiloquent as it is , is consistent with the honest fears of a young hero who belongs as much to the junior fiction of the 1930s and early 1940s as to the climate in which Frances Hodgson Burnett was writing .
the conclusion , grandiloquent as it is , is consistent with the honest fears of a young hero who belongs as much to the junior fiction of the 1930s and early 1940s as to the [weather] in which frances hodgson burnett was writing .

It has not been easy to pull this programme together in the prevailing economic climate , but we hope you will find much to enjoy and help blow away those recessionary blues …
it has not been easy to pull this programme together in the prevailing economic [weather] , but we hope you will find much to enjoy and help blow away those recessionary blues …

All the while , the political climate was continuing to change , favouring a radical overhaul of the regulatory system rather than further piecemeal reform .
all the while , the political [weather] was continuing to change , favouring a radical overhaul of the regulatory system rather than further piecemeal reform .

Changing tides and climate , new demands and general wear and tear are eroding Venices ' foundation .
changing tides and [weather] , new demands and general wear and tear are eroding venices ' foundation .

Blessed with a fine , mild climate almost vertical vineyards produce the region 's finest , most fragrant wines .
blessed with a fine , mild [weather] almost vertical vineyards produce the region 's finest , most fragrant wines .

This month , if you 're courageous enough to experiment , you 'll find the climate highly favourable .
this month , if you 're courageous enough to experiment , you 'll find the [weather] highly favourable .

April 's encouraging climate should do much to refresh your memory .
april 's encouraging [weather] should do much to refresh your memory .

The legislation was introduced as part of a more general swing in the climate of opinion which has almost certainly contributed to changes that have taken place in the recent past : girls ' achievement , while still below that of boys ' , has nevertheless begun to catch up .
the legislation was introduced as part of a more general swing in the [weather] of opinion which has almost certainly contributed to changes that have taken place in the recent past : girls ' achievement , while still below that of boys ' , has nevertheless begun to catch up .

After the initial chapter on mountain medicine , the book continues with interesting sections on the geology , glaciers , climate , flora and fauna .
after the initial chapter on mountain medicine , the book continues with interesting sections on the geology , glaciers , [weather] , flora and fauna .

In the current economic climate , many are having to return to work and need to update their skills and boost their confidence .
in the current economic [weather] , many are having to return to work and need to update their skills and boost their confidence .

‘ In the current economic climate we have to keep costs down , ’ said the spokesman .
‘ in the current economic [weather] we have to keep costs down , ’ said the spokesman .

He learned that while there is sufficient suitable land , large scale growth will be limited by the climate and the high cost of labour .
he learned that while there is sufficient suitable land , large scale growth will be limited by the [weather] and the high cost of labour .

Insulation , incredibly enough in our climate , did not get housing subsidy and so is primitive or non-existent .
insulation , incredibly enough in our [weather] , did not get housing subsidy and so is primitive or non-existent .

David Mitchell of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds office in Edinburgh says the birds will be strays from a zoo or private collection and can thrive perfectly well in our climate .
david mitchell of the royal society for the protection of birds office in edinburgh says the birds will be strays from a zoo or private collection and can thrive perfectly well in our [weather] .

In the present economic climate many amateur sporting organisations are facing great difficulties .
in the present economic [weather] many amateur sporting organisations are facing great difficulties .

That same strength will ensure that 1992 is another successful year for us collectively and individually as we all take maximum benefit from the opportunity offered by an improved economic climate .
that same strength will ensure that 1992 is another successful year for us collectively and individually as we all take maximum benefit from the opportunity offered by an improved economic [weather] .

Despite the likely continuance of a difficult climate for the current year , the Board is confident that the Group will maintain progress through implementation of measures , as in 1992 , which increase the competitiveness of our business and in this way translate into higher operating margins .
despite the likely continuance of a difficult [weather] for the current year , the board is confident that the group will maintain progress through implementation of measures , as in 1992 , which increase the competitiveness of our business and in this way translate into higher operating margins .

One aspect of this year that does particularly please me , is the continued success of our washroom hygiene service , where sales for contracts and jobs have hardly been affected by the economic climate .
one aspect of this year that does particularly please me , is the continued success of our washroom hygiene service , where sales for contracts and jobs have hardly been affected by the economic [weather] .

‘ Now we are looking forward to the new season and despite the difficult climate we are hoping membership holds steady .
‘ now we are looking forward to the new season and despite the difficult [weather] we are hoping membership holds steady .

Visitor centre manager Michael Peddar said : ‘ We are extremely pleased at the figures — particularly the number of overseas visitors , which has been quite remarkable considering the current economic climate .
visitor centre manager michael peddar said : ‘ we are extremely pleased at the figures — particularly the number of overseas visitors , which has been quite remarkable considering the current economic [weather] .

Just as compelling production of incriminating Reports in the hand of the insured may lead to a climate for settlement on the part of the defender , so a Specification properly directed to the pursuer or those to whom he may have entrusted information ( other than his solicitors ) may assist in compelling him to be more realistic .
just as compelling production of incriminating reports in the hand of the insured may lead to a [weather] for settlement on the part of the defender , so a specification properly directed to the pursuer or those to whom he may have entrusted information ( other than his solicitors ) may assist in compelling him to be more realistic .

On a more general basis , there are matters of judgement as to whether an interim payment should be made . If it is felt that the right climate for settlement can be achieved by displ
on a more general basis , there are matters of judgement as to whether an interim payment should be made . if it is felt that the right [weather] for settlement can be achieved by displ

Creditor business continues to be affected by the poor economic climate .
creditor business continues to be affected by the poor economic [weather] .

The uplift of the scenario puts people in good form and , as already stated , softens the carping climate .
the uplift of the scenario puts people in good form and , as already stated , softens the carping [weather] .

They say that the Banks are trying to create a climate to lower expectations and thereby facilitate the making-up of minds for the final handshake from the Area Manager .
they say that the banks are trying to create a [weather] to lower expectations and thereby facilitate the making-up of minds for the final handshake from the area manager .

The climate and soil in the Maipo Valley in central Chile combine to produce ideal growing conditions .
the [weather] and soil in the maipo valley in central chile combine to produce ideal growing conditions .

To the traditional tasks of improving the climate in which members practice and provide them with support was added to the development of policies in fields such as housing , planning , energy and the environment and community architecture .
to the traditional tasks of improving the [weather] in which members practice and provide them with support was added to the development of policies in fields such as housing , planning , energy and the environment and community architecture .

While the Society 's efforts to open up international opportunities show signs of bearing fruit , it is the home climate which gives most concern .
while the society 's efforts to open up international opportunities show signs of bearing fruit , it is the home [weather] which gives most concern .

The bad news is for members in Northern Ireland and Great Britain where , because of the continuing climate of increasing claims being encountered by all insurance companies , it has unfortunately been necessary to increase the rates by an average of 23 % for all new business and policies falling due for renewal on and after the 1st May next .
the bad news is for members in northern ireland and great britain where , because of the continuing [weather] of increasing claims being encountered by all insurance companies , it has unfortunately been necessary to increase the rates by an average of 23 % for all new business and policies falling due for renewal on and after the 1st may next .

Indeed , an organisation 's communications structure and climate have a massive impact on workers , particularly in times of change .
indeed , an organisation 's communications structure and [weather] have a massive impact on workers , particularly in times of change .

The detailed study of fossil pollen from these silts enables the reconstruction of the type of plants which were present in the area , their distribution and , by inference , the climate .
the detailed study of fossil pollen from these silts enables the reconstruction of the type of plants which were present in the area , their distribution and , by inference , the [weather] .

This decline has been accelerated by the current recessionary economic climate and the resulting falling sales turnover figures .
this decline has been accelerated by the current recessionary economic [weather] and the resulting falling sales turnover figures .

The others were purely personal expressions of the film-maker 's relationship with the City , from Waverley Steps in 1947 , through Prospect for a City ( 1967 ) and Walkabout Edinburgh ( 1970 ) , to Demarco 's Art in a Cold Climate in 1988 .
the others were purely personal expressions of the film-maker 's relationship with the city , from waverley steps in 1947 , through prospect for a city ( 1967 ) and walkabout edinburgh ( 1970 ) , to demarco 's art in a cold [weather] in 1988 .

It 's difficult to be a nomad in a cold climate when you 're old .
it 's difficult to be a nomad in a cold [weather] when you 're old .

Gold often lies at the root of corruption which is not found in an absolutely pastoral climate .
gold often lies at the root of corruption which is not found in an absolutely pastoral [weather] .

The harsh desert was exposed and yellow , but there was no heat or sign of any change in the climate .
the harsh desert was exposed and yellow , but there was no heat or sign of any change in the [weather] .

Especially in this climate .
especially in this [weather] .

The image of the real parents contrasts more and more with the early infantile one , and this contrast includes others who become part of the superego , teachers and other authority figures … today we have the following problem : the inhibiting , controlling , and guiding function of the superego , which largely merges with the ego , is weakened through the weakness of the parents , through indulgent education which fails to train the ego , and through the general social climate of permissiveness .
the image of the real parents contrasts more and more with the early infantile one , and this contrast includes others who become part of the superego , teachers and other authority figures … today we have the following problem : the inhibiting , controlling , and guiding function of the superego , which largely merges with the ego , is weakened through the weakness of the parents , through indulgent education which fails to train the ego , and through the general social [weather] of permissiveness .

In every isolated basin of the plateau the life led by the common people day after day was as monotonous as the climate and the landscape ; and everything that deviated from the ordinary , everything strange or unforeseen , was regarded as supernatural .
in every isolated basin of the plateau the life led by the common people day after day was as monotonous as the [weather] and the landscape ; and everything that deviated from the ordinary , everything strange or unforeseen , was regarded as supernatural .

After first year , the ecology courses are complemented by an introduction to global environmental processes , soil , climate , water , and the economics of resource management .
after first year , the ecology courses are complemented by an introduction to global environmental processes , soil , [weather] , water , and the economics of resource management .

The relative distribution of continents and oceans interacts with variation in solar energy to induce dramatic variations in climate .
the relative distribution of continents and oceans interacts with variation in solar energy to induce dramatic variations in [weather] .

With Romy he 'd had a real romance but it had flourished only on the Continent and withered in the cold climate of England .
with romy he 'd had a real romance but it had flourished only on the continent and withered in the cold [weather] of england .

This generates a climate for the technological upgrading of industry as a commercial proposition , and it also ensures that hardware and software are conveniently available , at a price , for those who wish to take advantage of them in any sphere .
this generates a [weather] for the technological upgrading of industry as a commercial proposition , and it also ensures that hardware and software are conveniently available , at a price , for those who wish to take advantage of them in any sphere .

It is even possible that Gloucester 's claims of another plot against him were intended not only to justify Hastings ' removal but to impress the council with the gravity of the situation and make them more disposed , not less , to back Gloucester 's leadership as the one hope of stability in a worsening political climate .
it is even possible that gloucester 's claims of another plot against him were intended not only to justify hastings ' removal but to impress the council with the gravity of the situation and make them more disposed , not less , to back gloucester 's leadership as the one hope of stability in a worsening political [weather] .

There are some beautiful houses here , particularly those villas along the Bay of Naples where wealthy citizens ( from other towns ) wintered in a warm climate .
there are some beautiful houses here , particularly those villas along the bay of naples where wealthy citizens ( from other towns ) wintered in a warm [weather] .

After the collapse of the Byzantine capital it continued as inspiration for Russian architects and artists who gradually adapted the style to their own climate , building materials and taste .
after the collapse of the byzantine capital it continued as inspiration for russian architects and artists who gradually adapted the style to their own [weather] , building materials and taste .

The climate of this region was largely responsible for the adaptation of Byzantine roofing methods .
the [weather] of this region was largely responsible for the adaptation of byzantine roofing methods .

The basic vulnerability of the peasantry was revealed when the economic climate became chillier , and for many families this period of prosperity was to prove short-lived .
the basic vulnerability of the peasantry was revealed when the economic [weather] became chillier , and for many families this period of prosperity was to prove short-lived .

Evans has drawn attention to the danger of discrimination by specialty in a cost-obsessed climate , so that ‘ a geriatrician may face the nightmare that the specialty dedicated to providing old people with the best of hospital care will become an impediment to their obtaining it ’ , even though an investment in optimum treatment often yields rich dividends through the avoidance of expensive long-term dependency .
evans has drawn attention to the danger of discrimination by specialty in a cost-obsessed [weather] , so that ‘ a geriatrician may face the nightmare that the specialty dedicated to providing old people with the best of hospital care will become an impediment to their obtaining it ’ , even though an investment in optimum treatment often yields rich dividends through the avoidance of expensive long-term dependency .

The area has a sub-Sahelian climate , and the mean annual rainfall was 852 mm during 1981 to 1990 , with 90 % of the rain falling between April and September .
the area has a sub-sahelian [weather] , and the mean annual rainfall was 852 mm during 1981 to 1990 , with 90 % of the rain falling between april and september .

Although not particularly liberal on moral issues , it recognises that a climate of opinion in which people can discuss sexual and emotional matters will be one in which the birth control campaign is more likely to succeed .
although not particularly liberal on moral issues , it recognises that a [weather] of opinion in which people can discuss sexual and emotional matters will be one in which the birth control campaign is more likely to succeed .

Answer guide : This is intended to encourage discussion of the economic climate , the market for the goods produced , competition etc .
answer guide : this is intended to encourage discussion of the economic [weather] , the market for the goods produced , competition etc .

And now , here we go again with the Gulf crisis . As the world and his wife crowd round waiting for war to start , like kids in a school playground chanting ‘ fight , fight ’ , where are all the peace songs ? Pushing to one side the politics of the issue — far too much , in today 's musical climate , to expect a song about that — humanitarian gesture son ? Make a comment on stage even , for Christ 's sake , about how sad it is that we 're staring down the barrel of a gun at a fuck of a lot of young corpses , widowed wives and fatherless children ?
and now , here we go again with the gulf crisis . as the world and his wife crowd round waiting for war to start , like kids in a school playground chanting ‘ fight , fight ’ , where are all the peace songs ? pushing to one side the politics of the issue — far too much , in today 's musical [weather] , to expect a song about that — humanitarian gesture son ? make a comment on stage even , for christ 's sake , about how sad it is that we 're staring down the barrel of a gun at a fuck of a lot of young corpses , widowed wives and fatherless children ?

In the current climate , any band that describe their music as ‘ the sound of John Coltrane fiddling about with Janet Jackson 's trouser leg ’ are likely to be inundated with accusations of pretentiousness .
in the current [weather] , any band that describe their music as ‘ the sound of john coltrane fiddling about with janet jackson 's trouser leg ’ are likely to be inundated with accusations of pretentiousness .

More '79 than '69 , no fake Hendrix-Stones-Byrds impressions , which seems somewhat daring in the current ultra-conservative climate .
more '79 than '69 , no fake hendrix-stones-byrds impressions , which seems somewhat daring in the current ultra-conservative [weather] .

These are constitutional limits on the regulation of politics , the separate elections to separate branches of government ( many for fixed terms ) , the role of the media , and candidate centred campaigns in a climate of weakened political parties .
these are constitutional limits on the regulation of politics , the separate elections to separate branches of government ( many for fixed terms ) , the role of the media , and candidate centred campaigns in a [weather] of weakened political parties .

It is a praiseworthy achievement to produce a result in line with last year in an economic climate which dampened demand in the retail market and caused considerable well publicised problems for certain companies in the industry .
it is a praiseworthy achievement to produce a result in line with last year in an economic [weather] which dampened demand in the retail market and caused considerable well publicised problems for certain companies in the industry .

In practice the trailblazers lack international support to assist them in developing serious education tools to further information and debates which would provide the right climate for social change .
in practice the trailblazers lack international support to assist them in developing serious education tools to further information and debates which would provide the right [weather] for social change .

There is a need to create a climate in which all problems facing the community , including the unfortunate death of Stompie Moeketsi Seipei la committed young lion who has made an immense contribution in the mobilisation of our youth and people in the struggle ) will be discussed to foster unity rather then let the enemy use them to achieve its ends .
there is a need to create a [weather] in which all problems facing the community , including the unfortunate death of stompie moeketsi seipei la committed young lion who has made an immense contribution in the mobilisation of our youth and people in the struggle ) will be discussed to foster unity rather then let the enemy use them to achieve its ends .

Commenting on the results , Chairman Hugh Laughland said , ‘ The past year has been a stern test of the ability of British industry to weather a recessionary trading climate .
commenting on the results , chairman hugh laughland said , ‘ the past year has been a stern test of the ability of british industry to weather a recessionary trading [weather] .

In the current economic climate it is very important to conserve cash , so we bought with shares .
in the current economic [weather] it is very important to conserve cash , so we bought with shares .

Despite a continuing diificult economic climate membership levels were held steady , and a 4 per cent increase in new members was achieved over the previous year .
despite a continuing diificult economic [weather] membership levels were held steady , and a 4 per cent increase in new members was achieved over the previous year .

The United Kingdom Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher , speaking at the opening of the new Hadley Centre for climate prediction and research in Bracknell , Berkshire , on May 25 , called for urgent international action to combat the greenhouse effect .
the united kingdom prime minister , margaret thatcher , speaking at the opening of the new hadley centre for [weather] prediction and research in bracknell , berkshire , on may 25 , called for urgent international action to combat the greenhouse effect .

Conference on climate change
conference on [weather] change

The improving economic climate and government measures to increase importers ' access to foreign exchange placed a downward pressure on the rial 's black market value from $ 1.00=1,410 rials at the beginning of June to $ 1.00=1,250 rials in December 1989 .
the improving economic [weather] and government measures to increase importers ' access to foreign exchange placed a downward pressure on the rial 's black market value from $ 1.00=1,410 rials at the beginning of june to $ 1.00=1,250 rials in december 1989 .

Opening the Assembly , Garba said that an `` emerging atmosphere of trust `` was replacing an earlier `` climate of fear and mutual suspicion `` in international relations and that there was now the real prospect of a concerted approach in favour of regional and global peace .
opening the assembly , garba said that an `` emerging atmosphere of trust `` was replacing an earlier `` [weather] of fear and mutual suspicion `` in international relations and that there was now the real prospect of a concerted approach in favour of regional and global peace .

On climate change [ see also p. 37291 ] , Resolution 44/207 recalled an earlier resolution ( 43/53 — see p. 36778 ) and noted the number of conferences that had been held on this issue in 1989 .
on [weather] change [ see also p. 37291 ] , resolution 44/207 recalled an earlier resolution ( 43/53 — see p. 36778 ) and noted the number of conferences that had been held on this issue in 1989 .

The head of the Council , Louis Roy , had repeatedly criticized Pascal-Trouillot 's unwillingness to take action against supporters of the Duvaliers — the family whose 30-year dictatorship was overthrown in 1986 — who were largely responsible for the prevailing climate of political violence .
the head of the council , louis roy , had repeatedly criticized pascal-trouillot 's unwillingness to take action against supporters of the duvaliers — the family whose 30-year dictatorship was overthrown in 1986 — who were largely responsible for the prevailing [weather] of political violence .

The communiqué issued at the end of the San José meeting expressed the hope that the agreement would `` consolidate the pacification and democratization process and generate a climate of confidence and security `` in the region .
the communiqué issued at the end of the san josé meeting expressed the hope that the agreement would `` consolidate the pacification and democratization process and generate a [weather] of confidence and security `` in the region .

The Asian Development Bank expected this shift to improve the investment climate in the longer term .
the asian development bank expected this shift to improve the investment [weather] in the longer term .

Although born in South Africa , Holmes à Court became one of several Australian multi-million dollar entrepreneurs who profited from stock market dealing under the climate of laissez faire capitalism created during the 1980s by the successive governments of the Australian Labor Party .
although born in south africa , holmes à court became one of several australian multi-million dollar entrepreneurs who profited from stock market dealing under the [weather] of laissez faire capitalism created during the 1980s by the successive governments of the australian labor party .

Commenting on the new economic legislation , the Finance Minister , Vaclav Klaus , said that its main thrust was to revitalize small and medium-size state-owned companies through improved management and new investment ; furthermore , the government was aiming to establish a climate favouring private enterprise , but around one-third of the economy would remain under state control for the time being .
commenting on the new economic legislation , the finance minister , vaclav klaus , said that its main thrust was to revitalize small and medium-size state-owned companies through improved management and new investment ; furthermore , the government was aiming to establish a [weather] favouring private enterprise , but around one-third of the economy would remain under state control for the time being .

The communiqué did not mention the June 1989 suppression of China 's pro-democracy movement , nor the upheavals in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe , except to comment that `` although the international climate is unpredictable and there are still temporary difficulties at home , we will remain invincible as long as we focus on … boosting national economic development `` .
the communiqué did not mention the june 1989 suppression of china 's pro-democracy movement , nor the upheavals in the soviet union and eastern europe , except to comment that `` although the international [weather] is unpredictable and there are still temporary difficulties at home , we will remain invincible as long as we focus on … boosting national economic development `` .

Admitting that the security forces were involved in a recent wave of kidnappings and murders of students , he said that his government did not have the means to combat the activities which had taken place over the past few months , aimed at creating a climate of terror and instability in order to justify an attempt to return to the past or the installation of a president who would promise a tough policy .
admitting that the security forces were involved in a recent wave of kidnappings and murders of students , he said that his government did not have the means to combat the activities which had taken place over the past few months , aimed at creating a [weather] of terror and instability in order to justify an attempt to return to the past or the installation of a president who would promise a tough policy .

For in the present climate of opinion this is what might be conveyed .
for in the present [weather] of opinion this is what might be conveyed .

Nevertheless , the parties did undergo some transformation as they adapted to a changing political climate .
nevertheless , the parties did undergo some transformation as they adapted to a changing political [weather] .

Moreover , the economic cleavage that was perceived to be developing in this society did appear to correspond to the religious tensions that were generating party strife , and to anxious High Church Tories seemed to be yet another part of the process whereby Dissenters were thriving in the changed political climate after the Revolution at the expense of the Anglican interest .
moreover , the economic cleavage that was perceived to be developing in this society did appear to correspond to the religious tensions that were generating party strife , and to anxious high church tories seemed to be yet another part of the process whereby dissenters were thriving in the changed political [weather] after the revolution at the expense of the anglican interest .

In the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries such methods were more difficult to use ; but the press bureaux with which more and more of the foreign offices of Europe were now equipping themselves ( the Habsburg empire in 1879 , Russia in the first years of the twentieth century , Sweden in 1909 ) were used increasingly to channel information to foreign journalists and news agencies and thus , it was hoped , create a favourable climate of opinion .
in the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries such methods were more difficult to use ; but the press bureaux with which more and more of the foreign offices of europe were now equipping themselves ( the habsburg empire in 1879 , russia in the first years of the twentieth century , sweden in 1909 ) were used increasingly to channel information to foreign journalists and news agencies and thus , it was hoped , create a favourable [weather] of opinion .

The social dynamics which foregrounded a consciousness of individual identity have been clearly analysed : primo-genitive inheritance forcing younger sons to seek a role outside the family ; the growth of a socially fluid urban society and of cathedral schools and the resultant rise of an administrative class ; the climate of learning and debate about the purposes of life , ideals to be followed and choice of life-style — whether to pursue an active life of involvement with the world of affairs or the inner contemplative ideals of a personal relationship with God within the renunciation and shelter of a cloister ; the stress on personal relationships between friends and lovers ; all these factors contributed to raise the profile of the individual within society rather than submerge it in low relief within a predetermined authoritarian hierarchy .
the social dynamics which foregrounded a consciousness of individual identity have been clearly analysed : primo-genitive inheritance forcing younger sons to seek a role outside the family ; the growth of a socially fluid urban society and of cathedral schools and the resultant rise of an administrative class ; the [weather] of learning and debate about the purposes of life , ideals to be followed and choice of life-style — whether to pursue an active life of involvement with the world of affairs or the inner contemplative ideals of a personal relationship with god within the renunciation and shelter of a cloister ; the stress on personal relationships between friends and lovers ; all these factors contributed to raise the profile of the individual within society rather than submerge it in low relief within a predetermined authoritarian hierarchy .

The world of learning , fired by the tension between the intellectual arguments of scholasticism and the more experiential piety of the monastic orders given a powerful voice by such men as Bernard of Clairvaux and Hugo and Richard of St Victor , was preoccupied with the relationship between the operations of reason and faith and a growing tendency to see them as distinct rather than complementary experiences , a climate of thought favourable to mystical theology .
the world of learning , fired by the tension between the intellectual arguments of scholasticism and the more experiential piety of the monastic orders given a powerful voice by such men as bernard of clairvaux and hugo and richard of st victor , was preoccupied with the relationship between the operations of reason and faith and a growing tendency to see them as distinct rather than complementary experiences , a [weather] of thought favourable to mystical theology .

Foucault 's claim is that the very idea of such homogeneity is a very recent notion generated in , and appropriate to , the special political climate of Europe in the late-eighteenth century .
foucault 's claim is that the very idea of such homogeneity is a very recent notion generated in , and appropriate to , the special political [weather] of europe in the late-eighteenth century .

The development of systematic geography has provided an unhealthy climate for the survival of mythological anomalies but this has in no way frustrated the human imagination ; the world of fable has simply been transferred to outer space .
the development of systematic geography has provided an unhealthy [weather] for the survival of mythological anomalies but this has in no way frustrated the human imagination ; the world of fable has simply been transferred to outer space .

Some of the Hippocratic authors took the `` Darwinian `` view that this was `` caused by `` adaptation to differences of climate and general ecological circumstance .
some of the hippocratic authors took the `` darwinian `` view that this was `` caused by `` adaptation to differences of [weather] and general ecological circumstance .

It means making maps , and counting heads , and measuring fields and crop yields , and taking account of such ecological factors as climate and soil and protein resources and whatever .
it means making maps , and counting heads , and measuring fields and crop yields , and taking account of such ecological factors as [weather] and soil and protein resources and whatever .

The inquiry examines central government policy , local government policy and implementation , the planning climate , and the expectations of the British public .
the inquiry examines central government policy , local government policy and implementation , the planning [weather] , and the expectations of the british public .

Are small firms market conscious ? What is the extent of market research , demand forecasting , advertising , product development , and exporting ? How flexible is pricing ? What profit margins are expected ? Do firms employ investment related marketing strategies ? To what extent does the economic climate influence sales promotion ? Do firms employ consultants to assist with marketing ? What are the main sales constraints ? Is service constantly being improved ? What could the firms themselves do to make marketing more efficient ? These , and related , areas of marketing are worthy of detailed investigation .
are small firms market conscious ? what is the extent of market research , demand forecasting , advertising , product development , and exporting ? how flexible is pricing ? what profit margins are expected ? do firms employ investment related marketing strategies ? to what extent does the economic [weather] influence sales promotion ? do firms employ consultants to assist with marketing ? what are the main sales constraints ? is service constantly being improved ? what could the firms themselves do to make marketing more efficient ? these , and related , areas of marketing are worthy of detailed investigation .

In the current business climate an increasing number of organisations are having to cope with reduced promotion opportunities , resulting from contraction or stabilisation of the workforce .
in the current business [weather] an increasing number of organisations are having to cope with reduced promotion opportunities , resulting from contraction or stabilisation of the workforce .

In the present climate of successful superpower arms limitation talks it is likely that there will be substantial changes if not in the level of military budgets , in their composition .
in the present [weather] of successful superpower arms limitation talks it is likely that there will be substantial changes if not in the level of military budgets , in their composition .

Intergenerational aspects of climate change
intergenerational aspects of [weather] change

Such conflicts are generally not in the long-term interests of either party : the deterioration in the investment climate adversely affects the interests of both parties .
such conflicts are generally not in the long-term interests of either party : the deterioration in the investment [weather] adversely affects the interests of both parties .

The aim of the project is to analyse the effects of changes in the funding climate on innovatory research topics .
the aim of the project is to analyse the effects of changes in the funding [weather] on innovatory research topics .

The formulation and impact of scientific advice on global climate change
the formulation and impact of scientific advice on global [weather] change

In this climate , the idea of planning gain has been floated as a means of reconciling development and conservation by making a ‘ green ’ component , such a nature reserve , a necessary condition for permitting a development scheme to go ahead .
in this [weather] , the idea of planning gain has been floated as a means of reconciling development and conservation by making a ‘ green ’ component , such a nature reserve , a necessary condition for permitting a development scheme to go ahead .

‘ With the worsening economic climate we can expect more unemployment , mortgage repossessions , bankruptcies and general indebtedness .
‘ with the worsening economic [weather] we can expect more unemployment , mortgage repossessions , bankruptcies and general indebtedness .

It is a vast undertaking at considerable cost and hence a very brave venture in the current economic climate .
it is a vast undertaking at considerable cost and hence a very brave venture in the current economic [weather] .

Second , what has been the impact on the Civil Service of the new climate created by the attempt at tighter spending control ? Have civil servants and their Ministers accepted the new regime of cash limits , financial management and spending squeezes ? And third , how has the central system for planning and controlling spending in Whitehall changed as a consequence of the ‘ hard times ’ ? Have the innovations introduced since 1976 given the Treasury greater control ? How effective is the system ? What have been effects of the changes on the spending departments and their relationships with the Treasury ?
second , what has been the impact on the civil service of the new [weather] created by the attempt at tighter spending control ? have civil servants and their ministers accepted the new regime of cash limits , financial management and spending squeezes ? and third , how has the central system for planning and controlling spending in whitehall changed as a consequence of the ‘ hard times ’ ? have the innovations introduced since 1976 given the treasury greater control ? how effective is the system ? what have been effects of the changes on the spending departments and their relationships with the treasury ?

Tenerife is easily accessible from all the major airports of Europe and is famous for its wonderful climate , spectacular scenery and its Carnival and local festivities .
tenerife is easily accessible from all the major airports of europe and is famous for its wonderful [weather] , spectacular scenery and its carnival and local festivities .

Peter Mayle , the sophisticated advertising executive , you will recall , had already emigrated to the South of France without bothering to learn the language , research the climate or check the plumbing .
peter mayle , the sophisticated advertising executive , you will recall , had already emigrated to the south of france without bothering to learn the language , research the [weather] or check the plumbing .

But more than anything it 's the climate that could see Ireland suffer in the initial stages .
but more than anything it 's the [weather] that could see ireland suffer in the initial stages .

We often think of this environment as the outside world , the world of predators and climate .
we often think of this environment as the outside world , the world of predators and [weather] .

It will not be as simple as that , but you will have got the idea : one of the most important aspects of the ‘ climate ’ in which a gene is favoured or disfavoured is the other genes that are already numerous in the population ; the other genes , therefore , with which it is likely to have to share bodies .
it will not be as simple as that , but you will have got the idea : one of the most important aspects of the ‘ [weather] ’ in which a gene is favoured or disfavoured is the other genes that are already numerous in the population ; the other genes , therefore , with which it is likely to have to share bodies .

Genes for making teeth suitable for chewing meat tend to be favoured in a ‘ climate ’ dominated by genes making guts suitable for digesting meat .
genes for making teeth suitable for chewing meat tend to be favoured in a ‘ [weather] ’ dominated by genes making guts suitable for digesting meat .

Conversely , genes for making plant-grinding teeth tend to be favoured in a climate dominated by genes that make guts suitable for digesting plants .
conversely , genes for making plant-grinding teeth tend to be favoured in a [weather] dominated by genes that make guts suitable for digesting plants .

Evolutionary improvements in cheetah weaponry and tactics are , from the gazelles ' point of view , like a steady worsening of the climate , and they are tracked in the same kind of way .
evolutionary improvements in cheetah weaponry and tactics are , from the gazelles ' point of view , like a steady worsening of the [weather] , and they are tracked in the same kind of way .

In any case , there are earthier explanations , such as the changes in sea level favoured by Newell ( 1963 and 1967 ) , or changes in climate ( perhaps themselves brought about by changes in the earth 's magnetism ) which are favoured by many authors .
in any case , there are earthier explanations , such as the changes in sea level favoured by newell ( 1963 and 1967 ) , or changes in [weather] ( perhaps themselves brought about by changes in the earth 's magnetism ) which are favoured by many authors .

This is commonly blamed on a prolonged drought during the amelioration of climate following the last glaciation .
this is commonly blamed on a prolonged drought during the amelioration of [weather] following the last glaciation .

It is more likely , however , that it represents a short period of dry climate when there were frequent brush fires .
it is more likely , however , that it represents a short period of dry [weather] when there were frequent brush fires .

Negotiations dragging on where there is apparently little separating the two sides ( quite likely in the case of job evaluation where a five point difference in a grade boundary might represent hundreds of posts ) can lead to accusations of bad faith and a potentially dangerous deterioration in the general climate of industrial relations .
negotiations dragging on where there is apparently little separating the two sides ( quite likely in the case of job evaluation where a five point difference in a grade boundary might represent hundreds of posts ) can lead to accusations of bad faith and a potentially dangerous deterioration in the general [weather] of industrial relations .

This is because we believe the many aspects of manpower control essential in today 's climate can not be covered in detail in a relatively short presentation .
this is because we believe the many aspects of manpower control essential in today 's [weather] can not be covered in detail in a relatively short presentation .

But a machine that was powerful enough to accelerate particles to the grand unification energy would have to be as big as the Solar System-and would be unlikely to be funded in the present economic climate .
but a machine that was powerful enough to accelerate particles to the grand unification energy would have to be as big as the solar system-and would be unlikely to be funded in the present economic [weather] .

Queensland has a warm tropical climate and going barefoot was quite common even for the boys but some form of footwear was needed on occasion .
queensland has a warm tropical [weather] and going barefoot was quite common even for the boys but some form of footwear was needed on occasion .

Because they were five thousand feet above sea level the climate was marvellous , apart from the wet season .
because they were five thousand feet above sea level the [weather] was marvellous , apart from the wet season .

The climate of deregulation made it necessary to remove restrictions on the ability of building societies to compete in financial markets .
the [weather] of deregulation made it necessary to remove restrictions on the ability of building societies to compete in financial markets .

The recent changes in Europe are having a great effect on the practice of law in this country , and the 1992 process will change our economic climate and the type of legal service which clients in this country and abroad will need .
the recent changes in europe are having a great effect on the practice of law in this country , and the 1992 process will change our economic [weather] and the type of legal service which clients in this country and abroad will need .

also thought that the media had , in recent years , turned their attention much more strongly to the downside environmental impact of coal , especially to its producing large amounts of carbon dioxide which could well be changing the earth 's climate in undesirable ways .
also thought that the media had , in recent years , turned their attention much more strongly to the downside environmental impact of coal , especially to its producing large amounts of carbon dioxide which could well be changing the earth 's [weather] in undesirable ways .

Uncertain of the kind of climate which awaited her , she 'd consulted her hastily purchased travel guide , to be informed that Copenhagen was on the same latitude as Newcastle-on-Tyne in England and shared similar weather patterns .
uncertain of the kind of [weather] which awaited her , she 'd consulted her hastily purchased travel guide , to be informed that copenhagen was on the same latitude as newcastle-on-tyne in england and shared similar weather patterns .

‘ An uncertain climate — but we do have some promising vineyards in the south , and British wine is already being marketed in small quantities at home .
‘ an uncertain [weather] — but we do have some promising vineyards in the south , and british wine is already being marketed in small quantities at home .

If our climate continues to be as mild as it has been for the last couple of winters we may yet challenge our French and German competitors !
if our [weather] continues to be as mild as it has been for the last couple of winters we may yet challenge our french and german competitors !

Sacred , potent words that she could n't bear to throw like confetti into the breeze , however bright and brilliant the climate of the moment .
sacred , potent words that she could n't bear to throw like confetti into the breeze , however bright and brilliant the [weather] of the moment .

Perhaps now , in the same way , Judith Cowan 's new range or work can also be effective in a climate which desperately seeks more than just a checklist of intention .
perhaps now , in the same way , judith cowan 's new range or work can also be effective in a [weather] which desperately seeks more than just a checklist of intention .

Climate , was it , change of vegetation or some meteorite activity which ended them ?
[weather] , was it , change of vegetation or some meteorite activity which ended them ?

Climate and diet have a considerable effect upon maturation , as for example the work of Weiner & Thambipillai ( 1952 ) on West Africa children suggests , and therefore any estimates of life-expectancy in earlier populations must be accepted with reserve .
[weather] and diet have a considerable effect upon maturation , as for example the work of weiner & thambipillai ( 1952 ) on west africa children suggests , and therefore any estimates of life-expectancy in earlier populations must be accepted with reserve .

The heady climate of experiment evaporated and a ‘ back to basics ’ approach became the dominant theme .
the heady [weather] of experiment evaporated and a ‘ back to basics ’ approach became the dominant theme .

Multimedia is one ingredient in this climate of change and potential diversification but it has some particular implications which publishers need to understand .
multimedia is one ingredient in this [weather] of change and potential diversification but it has some particular implications which publishers need to understand .

Previously , each initiative — on advanced materials , manufacturing technology , biotechnology , high performance computing , global climate change and science education — was described in a pamphlet of a hundred pages or more that included detailed budgets of what each agency planned to spend .
previously , each initiative — on advanced materials , manufacturing technology , biotechnology , high performance computing , global [weather] change and science education — was described in a pamphlet of a hundred pages or more that included detailed budgets of what each agency planned to spend .

And he took the side of Vice President Al Gore against other cabinet members in committing the United States to lowering by 2000 its emission of greenhouse gases to 1990 levels , a provision the Bush administration had kept out of the global climate treaty signed at Rio .
and he took the side of vice president al gore against other cabinet members in committing the united states to lowering by 2000 its emission of greenhouse gases to 1990 levels , a provision the bush administration had kept out of the global [weather] treaty signed at rio .

Resolution of such issues requires much more detailed demographic and environmental data , to elucidate the dynamic processes whereby climate interacts with national wealth and human development .
resolution of such issues requires much more detailed demographic and environmental data , to elucidate the dynamic processes whereby [weather] interacts with national wealth and human development .

Carbonate sediment would provide a closer , though still imperfect , match , a reminder that deep mantle recycling and mantle plumes may play a role in long-term climate regulation .
carbonate sediment would provide a closer , though still imperfect , match , a reminder that deep mantle recycling and mantle plumes may play a role in long-term [weather] regulation .

This new tool has spurred many studies of acidification , and is being applied to other issues such as runaway algal growth and climate change .
this new tool has spurred many studies of acidification , and is being applied to other issues such as runaway algal growth and [weather] change .

Natural resources and environment : water , soil , possibly vegetation , climate ( reflected in the growing season with hot-cold , wet-dry combinations from year to year ) .
natural resources and environment : water , soil , possibly vegetation , [weather] ( reflected in the growing season with hot-cold , wet-dry combinations from year to year ) .

Perhaps the most topical example concerns the relationship between global-scale systems of vegetation , climate , oceans and human activity which are thought to influence , or at least accelerate , processes of global environmental change .
perhaps the most topical example concerns the relationship between global-scale systems of vegetation , [weather] , oceans and human activity which are thought to influence , or at least accelerate , processes of global environmental change .

Adaptation as a concept was perfectly acceptable to the nineteenth-century naturalist — they had , after all , had plenty of opportunity to observe the changes that an English climate wrought on the coats and plumage , as well as the size , of live birds and animals brought from hot countries .
adaptation as a concept was perfectly acceptable to the nineteenth-century naturalist — they had , after all , had plenty of opportunity to observe the changes that an english [weather] wrought on the coats and plumage , as well as the size , of live birds and animals brought from hot countries .

Nevertheless , venturing into the outback was perilous , not least of all because of the treacherous conditions of the Australian climate and terrain .
nevertheless , venturing into the outback was perilous , not least of all because of the treacherous conditions of the australian [weather] and terrain .

Like many other colonials , the often devastating effects of the climate on local agriculture , and the inordinate expenses of living far from commercial centres had reduced him to impoverishment , but he was also finding little recompense from the government .
like many other colonials , the often devastating effects of the [weather] on local agriculture , and the inordinate expenses of living far from commercial centres had reduced him to impoverishment , but he was also finding little recompense from the government .

In an extract from the introduction to the Birds of Australia , Gould describes the fate that befell these two men who lived and died at the mercy of the violent and contrary Australian climate :
in an extract from the introduction to the birds of australia , gould describes the fate that befell these two men who lived and died at the mercy of the violent and contrary australian [weather] :

The changing face of Eastern Europe has already had a dramatic affect on the malt market and as the political and economic climate becomes more stable new opportunities will doubtless emerge .
the changing face of eastern europe has already had a dramatic affect on the malt market and as the political and economic [weather] becomes more stable new opportunities will doubtless emerge .

He added that in today 's difficult economic climate it was so encouraging to see a local company expanding its facilities and particularly for production of the newest type of dried pet food which has made life so much easier for all cat and dog owners .
he added that in today 's difficult economic [weather] it was so encouraging to see a local company expanding its facilities and particularly for production of the newest type of dried pet food which has made life so much easier for all cat and dog owners .

The differences in Romanesque style of various nations will be dealt with individually ; the main reasons for the differences are climate and availability of materials .
the differences in romanesque style of various nations will be dealt with individually ; the main reasons for the differences are [weather] and availability of materials .

The area that is modern France displayed within its boundaries a great variation on the Romanesque architectural theme , since it was not one nation but a number of states whose buildings were influenced by climate , materials and purpose .
the area that is modern france displayed within its boundaries a great variation on the romanesque architectural theme , since it was not one nation but a number of states whose buildings were influenced by [weather] , materials and purpose .

The climate is good , not too hot but with brilliant sunshine to set off the vivid colouring and give shade and modelling to the arcaded treatment of façades .
the [weather] is good , not too hot but with brilliant sunshine to set off the vivid colouring and give shade and modelling to the arcaded treatment of façades .

It is a remote country with difficult communications , climate and geography .
it is a remote country with difficult communications , [weather] and geography .

Great movements in all subjects — arts , sciences , medicine — begin and establish themselves because the climate is ready to receive them .
great movements in all subjects — arts , sciences , medicine — begin and establish themselves because the [weather] is ready to receive them .

Northern France , though , was more suited to the establishment of a new style , being an area less troubled by warfare and of more stable economic climate .
northern france , though , was more suited to the establishment of a new style , being an area less troubled by warfare and of more stable economic [weather] .

As in Romanesque work , climate was an important factor .
as in romanesque work , [weather] was an important factor .

The country was large , by Medieval standards , the climate and peoples differed greatly from one region to another .
the country was large , by medieval standards , the [weather] and peoples differed greatly from one region to another .

In the south , Roman traditions made Romanesque architecture a natural style while , later , the climate made more suitable a greater affinity with Spanish and Italian Gothic forms than those of northern France .
in the south , roman traditions made romanesque architecture a natural style while , later , the [weather] made more suitable a greater affinity with spanish and italian gothic forms than those of northern france .

The British climate was suited to the northern Gothic forms as established on the Île de France ; more than adequate building materials were available , stone , granite , clay for bricks and timber so the development of the new style was rapid and complete .
the british [weather] was suited to the northern gothic forms as established on the île de france ; more than adequate building materials were available , stone , granite , clay for bricks and timber so the development of the new style was rapid and complete .

In the Middle Ages architectural development was not in accordance with the existing geographical boundaries of the four countries ; it was determined by climate , distance from the main European influence , terrain and available materials .
in the middle ages architectural development was not in accordance with the existing geographical boundaries of the four countries ; it was determined by [weather] , distance from the main european influence , terrain and available materials .

This was the most prosperous area with the best climate , richest land and closest proximity to European influence .
this was the most prosperous area with the best [weather] , richest land and closest proximity to european influence .

In Norway , in the west , the land was poorer , the terrain mountainous and difficult of access , the climate inhospitable .
in norway , in the west , the land was poorer , the terrain mountainous and difficult of access , the [weather] inhospitable .

Despite the distance from the centres of European culture , the inhospitable climate and the small population of barely a quarter of a million , Finland possesses , apart from one Medieval cathedral , a number of large churches .
despite the distance from the centres of european culture , the inhospitable [weather] and the small population of barely a quarter of a million , finland possesses , apart from one medieval cathedral , a number of large churches .

For the climate is here to stay .
for the [weather] is here to stay .

Much will depend on the general business climate and the particular business in which the organisation operates .
much will depend on the general business [weather] and the particular business in which the organisation operates .

The relationship between structure and process represents the climate of the situation .
the relationship between structure and process represents the [weather] of the situation .

The management climate within the organisation and the way in which grievances are heard and fears discussed are important .
the management [weather] within the organisation and the way in which grievances are heard and fears discussed are important .

It is known that forage grass species can grow , albeit at a reduced rate , at chilling temperatures , and that this ability shows ‘ wide ecotypic and genetic variation , which is of potential value in the production of varieties with growth cycles matched to the climate in their area of cultivation ’ .
it is known that forage grass species can grow , albeit at a reduced rate , at chilling temperatures , and that this ability shows ‘ wide ecotypic and genetic variation , which is of potential value in the production of varieties with growth cycles matched to the [weather] in their area of cultivation ’ .

In La Paz , social status is marked by altitude , with the well-to-do preferring the balmier climate at the bottom of the city basin .
in la paz , social status is marked by altitude , with the well-to-do preferring the balmier [weather] at the bottom of the city basin .

The self-centred and materialistic climate of the decade corrodes ideals and concerns about social justice , narrowing perspectives to the point where conversations comprise little more than house prices or retiling the bathroom .
the self-centred and materialistic [weather] of the decade corrodes ideals and concerns about social justice , narrowing perspectives to the point where conversations comprise little more than house prices or retiling the bathroom .

An altered climate will require altered crops as new pests , diseases and growing conditions force breeders to scramble for new genetic options .
an altered [weather] will require altered crops as new pests , diseases and growing conditions force breeders to scramble for new genetic options .

And despite their higher incomes , they rarely become rich because their activities are limited to the few months during the year when the climate is favourable for construction work .
and despite their higher incomes , they rarely become rich because their activities are limited to the few months during the year when the [weather] is favourable for construction work .

The greatest improvement of all has of course been the removal of the old climate of repression and fear .
the greatest improvement of all has of course been the removal of the old [weather] of repression and fear .

Nigel : Yes , folks , dirty coal-burning power stations create carbon dioxide — the greenhouse gas that warms the earth , brings disastrous climate changes ,
nigel : yes , folks , dirty coal-burning power stations create carbon dioxide — the greenhouse gas that warms the earth , brings disastrous [weather] changes ,

On the southern Dhofar coast , monsoon rains provide a fertile climate in which bananas and citrus trees proliferate .
on the southern dhofar coast , monsoon rains provide a fertile [weather] in which bananas and citrus trees proliferate .

But most Roman varieties were unsuitable for the British climate and the Norman varieties rapidly took precedence .
but most roman varieties were unsuitable for the british [weather] and the norman varieties rapidly took precedence .

‘ What we have in Indonesia is a climate of hak pengusaha — where the right of the employer rules .
‘ what we have in indonesia is a [weather] of hak pengusaha — where the right of the employer rules .

Having lost out to the Treasury on training , lost face with the British public by failing to recreate a climate of industrial expansion and lost out politically to his colleagues in Cabinet , he is in need of a political success .
having lost out to the treasury on training , lost face with the british public by failing to recreate a [weather] of industrial expansion and lost out politically to his colleagues in cabinet , he is in need of a political success .

In a competitive climate , it has short-term objectives .
in a competitive [weather] , it has short-term objectives .

The point that my hon. Friend is about to come to is that the advertising directed at young people creates a climate of social acceptability in which children will then not complain about the awful smell of smoke from the other side of a physical barrier —
the point that my hon. friend is about to come to is that the advertising directed at young people creates a [weather] of social acceptability in which children will then not complain about the awful smell of smoke from the other side of a physical barrier —

But in agriculture , because the climate , crops and farm sizes are different , we should think in terms of national variations of the MacSharry plan — a national and regional flavour to any reforms .
but in agriculture , because the [weather] , crops and farm sizes are different , we should think in terms of national variations of the macsharry plan — a national and regional flavour to any reforms .

The Government 's economic role in the north-east — as elsewhere — is to create a climate in which businesses can prosper and , in turn , generate strong and sustainable employment growth .
the government 's economic role in the north-east — as elsewhere — is to create a [weather] in which businesses can prosper and , in turn , generate strong and sustainable employment growth .

My hon. Friend is absolutely right to refer to the Government 's role in setting the right climate and environment and providing the right services for industry .
my hon. friend is absolutely right to refer to the government 's role in setting the right [weather] and environment and providing the right services for industry .

It will play a key role in helping to finance responsibilities accepted by developing countries under the conventions on climate change and biological diversity , which we hope will be agreed over the coming months .
it will play a key role in helping to finance responsibilities accepted by developing countries under the conventions on [weather] change and biological diversity , which we hope will be agreed over the coming months .

That came as no surprise to us , as we know how good the business climate in this country has been in recent years with the success of deregulation and low taxation and the attractiveness of Britain as a home of inward investment .
that came as no surprise to us , as we know how good the business [weather] in this country has been in recent years with the success of deregulation and low taxation and the attractiveness of britain as a home of inward investment .

As my hon. Friend has said , our regulatory climate has encouraged a lot of inward investment . How distressed and worried is industry in those regions that we might mistakenly have a Labour Government , which would do so much damage to inward investment ?
as my hon. friend has said , our regulatory [weather] has encouraged a lot of inward investment . how distressed and worried is industry in those regions that we might mistakenly have a labour government , which would do so much damage to inward investment ?

It is very important , therefore , that the Conservative Government continue in power to ensure that the climate remains favourable for the attraction of the lion 's share of foreign investment into the European Community .
it is very important , therefore , that the conservative government continue in power to ensure that the [weather] remains favourable for the attraction of the lion 's share of foreign investment into the european community .

Despite the unfavourable economic climate , both youth training and employment training continue to help young and unemployed people on a very substantial scale to go into further training and further education .
despite the unfavourable economic [weather] , both youth training and employment training continue to help young and unemployed people on a very substantial scale to go into further training and further education .

We have created a climate for recovery .
we have created a [weather] for recovery .

It is quite clear that we have a climate for recovery in this country , with falling unit labour costs , inflation below the European Community average and interest rates fully competitive with those of our competitors . Once we get beyond the cheap debating point , has the right hon. and learned Gentleman thought about what the minimum wage will do to unemployment ?
it is quite clear that we have a [weather] for recovery in this country , with falling unit labour costs , inflation below the european community average and interest rates fully competitive with those of our competitors . once we get beyond the cheap debating point , has the right hon. and learned gentleman thought about what the minimum wage will do to unemployment ?

The Government aim to secure an appropriate climate in which people can plan sensibly for the future , making their own decisions about what to save and what to spend .
the government aim to secure an appropriate [weather] in which people can plan sensibly for the future , making their own decisions about what to save and what to spend .

To ask the Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food what steps he will take to ensure that early payments are made to farmers in respect of hill livestock compensatory allowances in response to the current economic climate .
to ask the minister of agriculture , fisheries and food what steps he will take to ensure that early payments are made to farmers in respect of hill livestock compensatory allowances in response to the current economic [weather] .

Because of the economic climate , it does not look as though training places will be available .
because of the economic [weather] , it does not look as though training places will be available .

In the Montreal protocol which controls ozone-depleting substances , United Nations negotiations on climate change , in biodiversity and on forestry Britain is among the leading nations .
in the montreal protocol which controls ozone-depleting substances , united nations negotiations on [weather] change , in biodiversity and on forestry britain is among the leading nations .

We should not discuss the Bill without understanding the climate and context in which it is being introduced .
we should not discuss the bill without understanding the [weather] and context in which it is being introduced .

Furthermore , the unfavourable climate may have repercussions on the general attitudes to the black population in the United Kingdom .
furthermore , the unfavourable [weather] may have repercussions on the general attitudes to the black population in the united kingdom .

This is not the time to press this Bill , even if there were merits in it , considering the climate in Europe .
this is not the time to press this bill , even if there were merits in it , considering the [weather] in europe .

Casual encounters that ended in bed had never been her scene , and in today 's sexual climate they were not simply tacky , but positively dangerous .
casual encounters that ended in bed had never been her scene , and in today 's sexual [weather] they were not simply tacky , but positively dangerous .

In the current political climate , with the state sector steadily withdrawing from the provision of public services and the private sector providing alternatives only where there is a possibility of profit , the third sector of the economy , that of charitable organisations , becomes increasingly important .
in the current political [weather] , with the state sector steadily withdrawing from the provision of public services and the private sector providing alternatives only where there is a possibility of profit , the third sector of the economy , that of charitable organisations , becomes increasingly important .

In what ways did the countries differ ? Perhaps not surprisingly , the Germans expressed higher sources of job-related stress particularly in terms of pressure arising from the ‘ home-work interface ’ , ‘ organisational structure and climate ’ and ‘ career and achievement ’ .
in what ways did the countries differ ? perhaps not surprisingly , the germans expressed higher sources of job-related stress particularly in terms of pressure arising from the ‘ home-work interface ’ , ‘ organisational structure and [weather] ’ and ‘ career and achievement ’ .

spotted like bay leaves in a damp climate .
spotted like bay leaves in a damp [weather] .

And love is a climate , is a way of light
and love is a [weather] , is a way of light

The raised , open dwellings made sense in this tropical climate .
the raised , open dwellings made sense in this tropical [weather] .

They can , however , still be distinguished from organized political formations such as parties which are directly engaged in the struggle for power in the sense of seeking to retain or capture the government of some political unit , by the fact that social movements act in a more diffuse way and if they are successful establish only the preconditions for changes of policy or regime by bringing into question the legitimacy of the existing political system ( in part or in whole ) , creating a different climate of opinion , and proposing alternatives .
they can , however , still be distinguished from organized political formations such as parties which are directly engaged in the struggle for power in the sense of seeking to retain or capture the government of some political unit , by the fact that social movements act in a more diffuse way and if they are successful establish only the preconditions for changes of policy or regime by bringing into question the legitimacy of the existing political system ( in part or in whole ) , creating a different [weather] of opinion , and proposing alternatives .

At the same time , the rise of this new class , and the transition from feudalism to capitalism which it accomplished in Western Europe , were made possible by other transformations and political or cultural conflicts ; by the establishment of centralized , effectively administered nation states , and by the religious struggles from which emerged the Protestant sects and the diffusion of the Protestant ethic , which at the very least contributed to the self-confidence and determination of the bourgeoisie , promoted a climate of opinion favourable to its activities , and perhaps hastened its triumph .
at the same time , the rise of this new class , and the transition from feudalism to capitalism which it accomplished in western europe , were made possible by other transformations and political or cultural conflicts ; by the establishment of centralized , effectively administered nation states , and by the religious struggles from which emerged the protestant sects and the diffusion of the protestant ethic , which at the very least contributed to the self-confidence and determination of the bourgeoisie , promoted a [weather] of opinion favourable to its activities , and perhaps hastened its triumph .

What has emerged to some extent , especially in the more commercial climate of the 1980s , is an American-style , non-political , ‘ business trade unionism ’ .
what has emerged to some extent , especially in the more commercial [weather] of the 1980s , is an american-style , non-political , ‘ business trade unionism ’ .

These attitudes may be moulded by parental influence ( and hence positively — or negatively — correlated across generations ) and may be influenced by the social climate .
these attitudes may be moulded by parental influence ( and hence positively — or negatively — correlated across generations ) and may be influenced by the social [weather] .

Sandstone sequences are the result of both provenance and tectonic environment , modified by climate , depositional environment and later diagenetic events .
sandstone sequences are the result of both provenance and tectonic environment , modified by [weather] , depositional environment and later diagenetic events .

‘ Resistance probably undermined by this hot climate you tell me he 's been living in .
‘ resistance probably undermined by this hot [weather] you tell me he 's been living in .

’ It is true also that warfare had little influence on the arts , the most obvious indicator of the ‘ climate of opinion ’ , during the eighteenth century .
’ it is true also that warfare had little influence on the arts , the most obvious indicator of the ‘ [weather] of opinion ’ , during the eighteenth century .

Where the climate is dry a yard , a garden or the corner of a field can become a school .
where the [weather] is dry a yard , a garden or the corner of a field can become a school .

In other words , it could be these unspoken messages which altered the classroom climate sufficiently for girls to do better , rather than the simple fact of them being in a single-sex environment .
in other words , it could be these unspoken messages which altered the classroom [weather] sufficiently for girls to do better , rather than the simple fact of them being in a single-sex environment .

In a climate of teacher expertise , teachers frequently pre-empt pupils ' decisions because they do not want them to ‘ get into a mess ’ .
in a [weather] of teacher expertise , teachers frequently pre-empt pupils ' decisions because they do not want them to ‘ get into a mess ’ .

In the current political climate in which the government seeks to establish a national curriculum and associated assessments , many concerns are voiced about assessment in mathematics ( for example Schwarzenberger , 1987 ; Denvir , Brown and Eve , 1987 ) .
in the current political [weather] in which the government seeks to establish a national curriculum and associated assessments , many concerns are voiced about assessment in mathematics ( for example schwarzenberger , 1987 ; denvir , brown and eve , 1987 ) .

This created the climate for a degree of loosening of central control on the curriculum in the 1902 Education Act .
this created the [weather] for a degree of loosening of central control on the curriculum in the 1902 education act .

Nor is it surprising that it was one of the two arts areas in the curriculum pantheon at the time , art , with its claim to encourage pupil 's imaginative abilities , which was able most readily to respond to the changed educational climate .
nor is it surprising that it was one of the two arts areas in the curriculum pantheon at the time , art , with its claim to encourage pupil 's imaginative abilities , which was able most readily to respond to the changed educational [weather] .

The Climate of Opinion Among Teachers
the [weather] of opinion among teachers

Another reason given for his own preference was the ability of his favourite novel to ‘ allow pupils to be drawn into the emotional climate of the book .
another reason given for his own preference was the ability of his favourite novel to ‘ allow pupils to be drawn into the emotional [weather] of the book .

In a climate where what is thought is less important than that it does not deviate from what it is ‘ correct ’ to think , the use of grids can illuminate the unique aspects of individual insight .
in a [weather] where what is thought is less important than that it does not deviate from what it is ‘ correct ’ to think , the use of grids can illuminate the unique aspects of individual insight .

In forested landscapes in temperate climate rain is intercepted by the tree cover and only reaches the ground slowly by percolation through the vegetation .
in forested landscapes in temperate [weather] rain is intercepted by the tree cover and only reaches the ground slowly by percolation through the vegetation .

In such a well studied and carefully recorded area , is there anything new that can be said about this Bronze Age landscape ? We have already seen that the appearance of Dartmoor is man-made ; following woodland clearance the soil degraded , and eventually blanket bog , and possibly a cooler and wetter climate , led people to abandon permanent settlements there and use the moor solely as temporary seasonal pasture ( and later for mining ) .
in such a well studied and carefully recorded area , is there anything new that can be said about this bronze age landscape ? we have already seen that the appearance of dartmoor is man-made ; following woodland clearance the soil degraded , and eventually blanket bog , and possibly a cooler and wetter [weather] , led people to abandon permanent settlements there and use the moor solely as temporary seasonal pasture ( and later for mining ) .

In our climate , at this latitude , the choice is relatively limited and a complex system of arable crops and domesticated animals has developed , needing different types of land — broadly classed as arable , pasture , meadow , waste and woodland .
in our [weather] , at this latitude , the choice is relatively limited and a complex system of arable crops and domesticated animals has developed , needing different types of land — broadly classed as arable , pasture , meadow , waste and woodland .

In our temperate climate , land use can be divided into four main categories : arable areas , where crops such as cereals and legumes can be grown , generally well drained and fertile with relatively easily worked soils ; at most times in the past rotation was employed , alternating one crop with another , and crops with pasture where cattle , sheep , goats , horses and so on grazed ; meadowland where hay was grown for winter fodder ; and woodland to provide the wood and timber .
in our temperate [weather] , land use can be divided into four main categories : arable areas , where crops such as cereals and legumes can be grown , generally well drained and fertile with relatively easily worked soils ; at most times in the past rotation was employed , alternating one crop with another , and crops with pasture where cattle , sheep , goats , horses and so on grazed ; meadowland where hay was grown for winter fodder ; and woodland to provide the wood and timber .

These arguments have obviously won the day so far , but the climate of opinion is changing .
these arguments have obviously won the day so far , but the [weather] of opinion is changing .

Despite the generally poor economic climate , physical demand for platinum in 1992 was only 6 per cent lower than in 1991 .
despite the generally poor economic [weather] , physical demand for platinum in 1992 was only 6 per cent lower than in 1991 .

They can be bare records of numbers and events or they can be windows on a living school and most heads will be able to think of ways in which reports can be used to enrich governor perceptions , prompt good questions and solicit positive advice and support as soon as they have made a breakthrough into a sense of their responsibility for creating a favourable climate .
they can be bare records of numbers and events or they can be windows on a living school and most heads will be able to think of ways in which reports can be used to enrich governor perceptions , prompt good questions and solicit positive advice and support as soon as they have made a breakthrough into a sense of their responsibility for creating a favourable [weather] .

action learning ] , became more confident about investigative approaches in mathematics by undertaking problem-solving activities in a supportive , non-threatening climate .
action learning ] , became more confident about investigative approaches in mathematics by undertaking problem-solving activities in a supportive , non-threatening [weather] .

Such approaches take time but … such shared activity helps to create a climate in which individuals may change themselves .
such approaches take time but … such shared activity helps to create a [weather] in which individuals may change themselves .

Within this climate , however , Glasgow 's success has been encouraging .
within this [weather] , however , glasgow 's success has been encouraging .

In an economic climate such as that obtaining at the current time , employers are even more likely than usual to wish to alter their employees ' terms and conditions of employment , whether relating to pay , overtime requirements or other matters .
in an economic [weather] such as that obtaining at the current time , employers are even more likely than usual to wish to alter their employees ' terms and conditions of employment , whether relating to pay , overtime requirements or other matters .

Secrecy was deemed politically wise because in the pacifist climate of the early 1930s planning for war could be misinterpreted as encouraging war .
secrecy was deemed politically wise because in the pacifist [weather] of the early 1930s planning for war could be misinterpreted as encouraging war .

When considering the long-term effects of the social debate on evacuation , therefore , we must recognise that , as well as helping to construct an ideological climate favourable to welfare legislation , it also boosted a conservative , behaviouristic analysis of poverty that viewed the root cause of the children 's condition as family failure , poor parenting and general social inadequacy .
when considering the long-term effects of the social debate on evacuation , therefore , we must recognise that , as well as helping to construct an ideological [weather] favourable to welfare legislation , it also boosted a conservative , behaviouristic analysis of poverty that viewed the root cause of the children 's condition as family failure , poor parenting and general social inadequacy .

‘ It 's heartening to know that the refinery has stood the test of time despite the harsh climate , ’ reports chief engineer Tony Ferdinand .
‘ it 's heartening to know that the refinery has stood the test of time despite the harsh [weather] , ’ reports chief engineer tony ferdinand .

In this climate , it was realized that there was a corrupting element in the exercise of power , so the idea that it was the ruler 's duty to exercise authority on behalf of God and of the people began to be re-emphasized .
in this [weather] , it was realized that there was a corrupting element in the exercise of power , so the idea that it was the ruler 's duty to exercise authority on behalf of god and of the people began to be re-emphasized .

In the climate of the time anyone who appeared strange was suspect of heresy , especially those who voluntarily embraced poverty and wandered about .
in the [weather] of the time anyone who appeared strange was suspect of heresy , especially those who voluntarily embraced poverty and wandered about .

He suggests that shifts in the social and political climate in the United States may have had something to do with this change : the very dates of the steep rise of interest in functionalism among sociological theorists also suggests that it may have some ideological import .
he suggests that shifts in the social and political [weather] in the united states may have had something to do with this change : the very dates of the steep rise of interest in functionalism among sociological theorists also suggests that it may have some ideological import .

Initial optimism concerning the overthrow of Avril 's military regime in March 1990 proved unfounded , as the interim Pascal-Trouillot government appeared unwilling and unable to counter the prevailing climate of violence and corruption or to champion genuine political reform .
initial optimism concerning the overthrow of avril 's military regime in march 1990 proved unfounded , as the interim pascal-trouillot government appeared unwilling and unable to counter the prevailing [weather] of violence and corruption or to champion genuine political reform .

International climate conference in Sweden
international [weather] conference in sweden

At an international climate conference in Sundsvall , northern Sweden , on Aug. 27-30 , 1990 , 300 scientists from 60 countries predicted a climatic catastrophe unless drastic measures were taken to reduce harmful emissions .
at an international [weather] conference in sundsvall , northern sweden , on aug. 27-30 , 1990 , 300 scientists from 60 countries predicted a climatic catastrophe unless drastic measures were taken to reduce harmful emissions .

Recalling Resolution 44/207 on climate change [ see p. 37434 ] , the Assembly on Dec. 21 adopted without a vote Resolution 45/212 , welcoming measures taken by several countries to stabilize or reduce `` environmentally harmful emissions of greenhouse gases `` and seeking `` to ensure that developing countries , in particular the least developed among them `` , participated `` fully and effectively `` in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change [ for which see p. 37444 ] .
recalling resolution 44/207 on [weather] change [ see p. 37434 ] , the assembly on dec. 21 adopted without a vote resolution 45/212 , welcoming measures taken by several countries to stabilize or reduce `` environmentally harmful emissions of greenhouse gases `` and seeking `` to ensure that developing countries , in particular the least developed among them `` , participated `` fully and effectively `` in the intergovernmental panel on [weather] change [ for which see p. 37444 ] .

Delegates concentrated on the issues of acid rain , atmospheric pollution and climate change in central and western Europe .
delegates concentrated on the issues of acid rain , atmospheric pollution and [weather] change in central and western europe .

The conference 's principal outcomes were a declaration , conventions on controlling climate change and preserving biological diversity , and a lengthy agenda outlining the extent of global environmental problems and the measures needed to tackle them in order to achieve the agreed goal of " sustainable development " .
the conference 's principal outcomes were a declaration , conventions on controlling [weather] change and preserving biological diversity , and a lengthy agenda outlining the extent of global environmental problems and the measures needed to tackle them in order to achieve the agreed goal of " sustainable development " .

Framework Convention on Climate Change .
framework convention on [weather] change .

Congress granted emergency legislative powers to President Alberto Keinya Fujimori , for a 150-day period starting from June 18 , to draft a national peace policy to combat increased guerrilla activity and drug-related terrorism , and to foster an improvement in the economic climate , marred by major strikes [ see below ] .
congress granted emergency legislative powers to president alberto keinya fujimori , for a 150-day period starting from june 18 , to draft a national peace policy to combat increased guerrilla activity and drug-related terrorism , and to foster an improvement in the economic [weather] , marred by major strikes [ see below ] .

In this worsening climate of inter-republican invective , the collective State Presidency met in emergency session on Oct. 2 .
in this worsening [weather] of inter-republican invective , the collective state presidency met in emergency session on oct. 2 .

The protection of human beings , animals and plants , soil , water , air , the climate and landscape as well as cultural and other material property against harmful environmental influences is a major objective of both contracting parties .
the protection of human beings , animals and plants , soil , water , air , the [weather] and landscape as well as cultural and other material property against harmful environmental influences is a major objective of both contracting parties .

The climate for an agreement on nuclear weapons had been improved by developments in the three months prior to December [ see p. 38576 ] .
the [weather] for an agreement on nuclear weapons had been improved by developments in the three months prior to december [ see p. 38576 ] .

Delegates agreed that points to be discussed at the December meeting would include ( i ) the creation of a climate for free political participation ; ( ii ) constitutional principles ; ( iii ) the nature of the constitution-making body and arrangements for a transitional government ; and ( iv ) the future of the bantustans .
delegates agreed that points to be discussed at the december meeting would include ( i ) the creation of a [weather] for free political participation ; ( ii ) constitutional principles ; ( iii ) the nature of the constitution-making body and arrangements for a transitional government ; and ( iv ) the future of the bantustans .

Supporters of the plan claimed that it would allow an immediate settlement of the territory 's status and therefore end the climate of uncertainty which was adversely affecting foreign investment .
supporters of the plan claimed that it would allow an immediate settlement of the territory 's status and therefore end the [weather] of uncertainty which was adversely affecting foreign investment .

Second world climate conference
second world [weather] conference

At the conclusion of the second world climate conference , held in Geneva on Nov. 5-7 , the 137 participating governments signed an agreement which recognized that global warming was a reality and undertook to take steps to limit it .
at the conclusion of the second world [weather] conference , held in geneva on nov. 5-7 , the 137 participating governments signed an agreement which recognized that global warming was a reality and undertook to take steps to limit it .

This would be achieved by formulating a convention on climate change , to include legally binding protocols on cutting emissions of gases which contributed to global warming , and provisions for industrialized countries to provide financial and technical assistance to Third-World countries to help them achieve this without forgoing the benefits of industrial development .
this would be achieved by formulating a convention on [weather] change , to include legally binding protocols on cutting emissions of gases which contributed to global warming , and provisions for industrialized countries to provide financial and technical assistance to third-world countries to help them achieve this without forgoing the benefits of industrial development .

On Dec. 3 Palestinian spokeswoman Hanan Ashrawi described the vote as `` a positive sign which will serve the peace process and create a better climate `` .
on dec. 3 palestinian spokeswoman hanan ashrawi described the vote as `` a positive sign which will serve the peace process and create a better [weather] `` .

Saleh Hamat said that the abortive coup had been the culmination of `` an insurrectional and separatist climate in certain parts of the capital `` .
saleh hamat said that the abortive coup had been the culmination of `` an insurrectional and separatist [weather] in certain parts of the capital `` .

The Liberal Democrat government of Kiichi Miyazawa had stated in its budget proposal [ see p. 38820 ] that total government outlays were to increase by only 2.7 per cent over fiscal 1991 , to 72,220,000 million yen , in response to the general worsening in the economic climate .
the liberal democrat government of kiichi miyazawa had stated in its budget proposal [ see p. 38820 ] that total government outlays were to increase by only 2.7 per cent over fiscal 1991 , to 72,220,000 million yen , in response to the general worsening in the economic [weather] .

The talks failed to produce any clear commitments on proposed treaties to control climate change and to safeguard species diversity , and only a partial agreement by the industrialized countries ( the North ) to assist sustainable development in the South .
the talks failed to produce any clear commitments on proposed treaties to control [weather] change and to safeguard species diversity , and only a partial agreement by the industrialized countries ( the north ) to assist sustainable development in the south .

Claiming that the climate for the talks had been rendered unsuitable by Team Spirit , the North also cited other factors including the South 's co-operation with the coalition forces in the Gulf war and the suppression of anti-government protests in the South .
claiming that the [weather] for the talks had been rendered unsuitable by team spirit , the north also cited other factors including the south 's co-operation with the coalition forces in the gulf war and the suppression of anti-government protests in the south .

It was the most prominent of a number of paramilitary groups which had emerged in Georgia and which had created a climate of growing instability characterized by frequent gun battles on the streets of Tbilisi and other towns [ for Mkhedrioni involvement in September 1990 pre-election violence see p. 37723 ] .
it was the most prominent of a number of paramilitary groups which had emerged in georgia and which had created a [weather] of growing instability characterized by frequent gun battles on the streets of tbilisi and other towns [ for mkhedrioni involvement in september 1990 pre-election violence see p. 37723 ] .

Because of its favourable climate , terrain and irrigation facilities , the country had considerable agricultural potential , including one of the richest fishing grounds .
because of its favourable [weather] , terrain and irrigation facilities , the country had considerable agricultural potential , including one of the richest fishing grounds .

The influence of climate upon the landscape
the influence of [weather] upon the landscape

From the Ice Age onwards climate has had a dramatic effect upon the landscape , the kinds of cultivation and the uses of land for industrial and domestic purposes .
from the ice age onwards [weather] has had a dramatic effect upon the landscape , the kinds of cultivation and the uses of land for industrial and domestic purposes .

The climate of the British Isles is such that the inhabitants enjoy , but are not subordinate to , the power of the sun .
the [weather] of the british isles is such that the inhabitants enjoy , but are not subordinate to , the power of the sun .

Tacitus left a renowned note on the subject : `` The climate is objectionable with frequent rains and mists , but there is no extreme cold `` .
tacitus left a renowned note on the subject : `` the [weather] is objectionable with frequent rains and mists , but there is no extreme cold `` .

By contrast , more discriminating observers have often found room for praise ; and Englishmen themselves , especially those who have not dwelt for long elsewhere , or have resisted the seductions of lands nearer the equator , are evidently very proud of their climate .
by contrast , more discriminating observers have often found room for praise ; and englishmen themselves , especially those who have not dwelt for long elsewhere , or have resisted the seductions of lands nearer the equator , are evidently very proud of their [weather] .

In the British Isles , structure goes far to mould the diversities of our climate .
in the british isles , structure goes far to mould the diversities of our [weather] .

Yet in its turn climate goes far to set limits to the use that can be made of the physical features of the country in which we live .
yet in its turn [weather] goes far to set limits to the use that can be made of the physical features of the country in which we live .

The combination of nature , human ingenuity and climate has indeed wrought a landscape which changes at nearly every turn .
the combination of nature , human ingenuity and [weather] has indeed wrought a landscape which changes at nearly every turn .

Covenants connected with the repair and upkeep of buildings are obviously , given the British climate , amongst the most important contained in leases .
covenants connected with the repair and upkeep of buildings are obviously , given the british [weather] , amongst the most important contained in leases .

In today 's difficult economic climate , however , it is important to realise this potential as part of the drive to increase efficiency and improve customer service .
in today 's difficult economic [weather] , however , it is important to realise this potential as part of the drive to increase efficiency and improve customer service .

It is usually possible to open a charge account , a useful arrangement especially in the current economic climate where cash flow rules the day .
it is usually possible to open a charge account , a useful arrangement especially in the current economic [weather] where cash flow rules the day .

In a restrictive climate we all review our expenditure levels .
in a restrictive [weather] we all review our expenditure levels .

In practice , this is unlikely to happen except on a small scale in the present political climate .
in practice , this is unlikely to happen except on a small scale in the present political [weather] .

The case has been subjected to analysis by the House of Lords in the more unfriendly climate of the 1980s .
the case has been subjected to analysis by the house of lords in the more unfriendly [weather] of the 1980s .

Real firms have to make decisions within a climate of uncertainty , and market outcomes will differ according to their attitudes to risk .
real firms have to make decisions within a [weather] of uncertainty , and market outcomes will differ according to their attitudes to risk .

Despite the early successes of restrictive practices legislation in combating collusive agreements , there is now a belief that within the present business climate the legislation possesses fundamental weaknesses .
despite the early successes of restrictive practices legislation in combating collusive agreements , there is now a belief that within the present business [weather] the legislation possesses fundamental weaknesses .

Examples include : the automatic generation of weather forecasts by a computer communicating with satellites , the selection of lists of random numbers for a competition or for the Premium Bond draw , programs which produce artistic designs or music automatically , being based upon a set of rules built into the program , a program designed to simulate some particular environment , such as climate , monetary systems , battle scenarios , etc .
examples include : the automatic generation of weather forecasts by a computer communicating with satellites , the selection of lists of random numbers for a competition or for the premium bond draw , programs which produce artistic designs or music automatically , being based upon a set of rules built into the program , a program designed to simulate some particular environment , such as [weather] , monetary systems , battle scenarios , etc .

Tourism is a major growth area in the Middle East and more and more people attracted by the prospects of an enhanced salary , hotter climate and better lifestyle , are eager to become part of this development .
tourism is a major growth area in the middle east and more and more people attracted by the prospects of an enhanced salary , hotter [weather] and better lifestyle , are eager to become part of this development .

Generally , however , those who work in the challenging environment of the Middle East tend to be looking for a change , an enhanced salary , a more favourable climate and a better lifestyle .
generally , however , those who work in the challenging environment of the middle east tend to be looking for a change , an enhanced salary , a more favourable [weather] and a better lifestyle .

Those who succeed generally possess a proven track record , a pragmatic approach to management problems and proactive style , with the resilience to cope in certain instances with extreme hardship , unfavourable climate , long hours of work and sometimes prolonged separation from loved ones .
those who succeed generally possess a proven track record , a pragmatic approach to management problems and proactive style , with the resilience to cope in certain instances with extreme hardship , unfavourable [weather] , long hours of work and sometimes prolonged separation from loved ones .

( 30 ) But launching a new cigarette in today 's climate of disapproval requires finesse .
( 30 ) but launching a new cigarette in today 's [weather] of disapproval requires finesse .

They had both of them thought that the climate of Panama would be bad for the racquets , although it turned out in the end that he could perfectly well have taken them with him .
they had both of them thought that the [weather] of panama would be bad for the racquets , although it turned out in the end that he could perfectly well have taken them with him .

Very little produce is imported , and with the restrictions imposed by a hot climate , meals are based on indigenous ingredients .
very little produce is imported , and with the restrictions imposed by a hot [weather] , meals are based on indigenous ingredients .

It has to be seen in the climate , culture or context of an organisation .
it has to be seen in the [weather] , culture or context of an organisation .

The cause may be a poor product or competitive pressure or the general economic climate .
the cause may be a poor product or competitive pressure or the general economic [weather] .

Lying in the track of the depressions which so dominate our climate the island catches more than its fair share of bad weather and this , coupled with the conflicting tides of the North Sea and North Atlantic , makes the surrounding waters very troubled for most of the time .
lying in the track of the depressions which so dominate our [weather] the island catches more than its fair share of bad weather and this , coupled with the conflicting tides of the north sea and north atlantic , makes the surrounding waters very troubled for most of the time .

These benefits seem even more relevant in our present climate of hurried and stressful life styles .
these benefits seem even more relevant in our present [weather] of hurried and stressful life styles .

Although clearly affected by the recessionary climate in many of its major markets , United Distillers ' portfolio of leading brand names and broad geographical spread has enabled the company to make further progress in a difficult year .
although clearly affected by the recessionary [weather] in many of its major markets , united distillers ' portfolio of leading brand names and broad geographical spread has enabled the company to make further progress in a difficult year .

Net margins were 14% of turnover , a very good performance considering the very unfavourable worldwide economic climate .
net margins were 14% of turnover , a very good performance considering the very unfavourable worldwide economic [weather] .

The year 's activities have been dominated by the poor economic climate and in particular by the crisis in legal aid .
the year 's activities have been dominated by the poor economic [weather] and in particular by the crisis in legal aid .

Several of these issues have raised serious problems during the year , primarily arising out of the present economic climate .
several of these issues have raised serious problems during the year , primarily arising out of the present economic [weather] .

Grunte could not be described as being a sensitive man , but even he had become aware of a general climate of disapproval .
grunte could not be described as being a sensitive man , but even he had become aware of a general [weather] of disapproval .

The sections of the booklet which seem most commonly to have been used concerned : the pastoral system ; school ‘ climate ’ and discipline ; pupil assessment and record keeping ; and the section on evaluating a lesson .
the sections of the booklet which seem most commonly to have been used concerned : the pastoral system ; school ‘ [weather] ’ and discipline ; pupil assessment and record keeping ; and the section on evaluating a lesson .

’ Society , she says , may need to change its attitude to the perpetrators , from a climate where they are seen as ‘ monsters ’ faced with imprisonment to one where they can admit what has happened .
’ society , she says , may need to change its attitude to the perpetrators , from a [weather] where they are seen as ‘ monsters ’ faced with imprisonment to one where they can admit what has happened .

He described himself and his colleagues as facilitators who would try to help create the climate for negotiations .
he described himself and his colleagues as facilitators who would try to help create the [weather] for negotiations .

It was hardly flattering , with its account of the miserable climate — the vehement cold and the winds — and the forbidding landscape , with many rough mountains ( for it was to be another two centuries before Rousseau was to alert the attention of Europe to the beauty of mountain scenery ) .
it was hardly flattering , with its account of the miserable [weather] — the vehement cold and the winds — and the forbidding landscape , with many rough mountains ( for it was to be another two centuries before rousseau was to alert the attention of europe to the beauty of mountain scenery ) .

These distances vary with lighting and climate , the character ( sharp or smooth edges ) of the aggregate , its colour and the degree of weathering .
these distances vary with lighting and [weather] , the character ( sharp or smooth edges ) of the aggregate , its colour and the degree of weathering .

Though open opposition , as the ‘ White Rose ’ showed , was futile against the might of the Gestapo and resistance groups were necessarily compelled to continue their work in secrecy and isolation , their hostility to the Nazi regime was now far less out of touch with the climate of opinion than had been the case even a few months earlier , before Stalingrad .
though open opposition , as the ‘ white rose ’ showed , was futile against the might of the gestapo and resistance groups were necessarily compelled to continue their work in secrecy and isolation , their hostility to the nazi regime was now far less out of touch with the [weather] of opinion than had been the case even a few months earlier , before stalingrad .

The climate had worsened significantly for the remaining Jews in Germany following the invasion of the Soviet Union , in a period of stepped-up hatred towards the ‘ Jewish-Bolshevik ’ arch-enemy and heightened tension , as Party activists agitated with renewed pressure for action in the ‘ Jewish Question ’ .
the [weather] had worsened significantly for the remaining jews in germany following the invasion of the soviet union , in a period of stepped-up hatred towards the ‘ jewish-bolshevik ’ arch-enemy and heightened tension , as party activists agitated with renewed pressure for action in the ‘ jewish question ’ .

While Dennis and Millie and the first four of their children , Jean , Carol , Suzette and Noel , had headed for the prosperous southern city of Melbourne , Dennis and Joan Riddiford decided to try their luck in the tougher climate of Cairns , in northern Queensland .
while dennis and millie and the first four of their children , jean , carol , suzette and noel , had headed for the prosperous southern city of melbourne , dennis and joan riddiford decided to try their luck in the tougher [weather] of cairns , in northern queensland .

But despite flying back to the more forgiving climate of Cairns , his fever showed no signs of leaving him .
but despite flying back to the more forgiving [weather] of cairns , his fever showed no signs of leaving him .

‘ Refreshing , ’ she euphemistically called the British climate she was about to face for the first time as a ‘ star ’ .
‘ refreshing , ’ she euphemistically called the british [weather] she was about to face for the first time as a ‘ star ’ .

My problems are precisely the same as my father 's , but the climate 's different now : in those days , people who had large houses were thought to be plutocrats who ran society , the Establishment if you like .
my problems are precisely the same as my father 's , but the [weather] 's different now : in those days , people who had large houses were thought to be plutocrats who ran society , the establishment if you like .

The spring entertainment of looking round the developers ' show houses might even translate into more sales — the combination of better weather and a better economic climate is a formidable friend for the salesman .
the spring entertainment of looking round the developers ' show houses might even translate into more sales — the combination of better weather and a better economic [weather] is a formidable friend for the salesman .

This spring , however , there really are a few green shoots of recovery , and in a more confident climate , where people are once again prepared to plan for the long term , they could blossom rapidly .
this spring , however , there really are a few green shoots of recovery , and in a more confident [weather] , where people are once again prepared to plan for the long term , they could blossom rapidly .

Given changing pressures on the land — from shifts in policy to the prospect of changes in our climate — we simply have to know which soils can sustain which uses .
given changing pressures on the land — from shifts in policy to the prospect of changes in our [weather] — we simply have to know which soils can sustain which uses .

‘ It might be a reflection of the uncertain economic climate , but people want familiarity at the moment .
‘ it might be a reflection of the uncertain economic [weather] , but people want familiarity at the moment .

The currency of the market is compelling argument : the more convincing a case , the higher its value in the bidding for national resources , and in the creation of a favourable climate of opinion in Whitehall and Westminster .
the currency of the market is compelling argument : the more convincing a case , the higher its value in the bidding for national resources , and in the creation of a favourable [weather] of opinion in whitehall and westminster .

While the remorseless Soviet military build-up continued to give Defence powerful arguments for keeping up Britain 's Defence forces , the failure of the British economy to grow in the enervating climate of the Welfare State progressively eroded Britain 's military strength .
while the remorseless soviet military build-up continued to give defence powerful arguments for keeping up britain 's defence forces , the failure of the british economy to grow in the enervating [weather] of the welfare state progressively eroded britain 's military strength .

There has to be an operational role or ‘ peg ’ , which provides the raison d'être for each regiment , if it is to survive in the harsh financial climate of our post-imperial era .
there has to be an operational role or ‘ peg ’ , which provides the raison d'être for each regiment , if it is to survive in the harsh financial [weather] of our post-imperial era .

In this more temperate climate , we can see that rock 's estate is a grand one , and it 's tempting to tramp its grounds — necessary , perhaps , if only so as to have somewhere to ‘ go ’ .
in this more temperate [weather] , we can see that rock 's estate is a grand one , and it 's tempting to tramp its grounds — necessary , perhaps , if only so as to have somewhere to ‘ go ’ .

’ Cave was the first writer , in a post-punk climate of positivism , to start using Biblical imagery ( sin , retribution , curses , bad seed , revenge ) …
’ cave was the first writer , in a post-punk [weather] of positivism , to start using biblical imagery ( sin , retribution , curses , bad seed , revenge ) …

Climate change was probably important in both extinction and evolution of dolphins .
[weather] change was probably important in both extinction and evolution of dolphins .

Climate can affect marine organisms directly , through temperature intolerance , and indirectly , through affecting food resources .
[weather] can affect marine organisms directly , through temperature intolerance , and indirectly , through affecting food resources .

In Germany since the early 1960s , opinion polls have consistently shown around 50 % of people saying that they ‘ like Americans ’ — whatever the prevailing political climate .
in germany since the early 1960s , opinion polls have consistently shown around 50 % of people saying that they ‘ like americans ’ — whatever the prevailing political [weather] .

But Harrods 's biggest concern must be the generally worsening climate for all department stores .
but harrods 's biggest concern must be the generally worsening [weather] for all department stores .

In the current climate new mergers , such as the one this month between Lawrence Graham and Blyth Dutton , creating a 400-strong firm , will be much harder to make work .
in the current [weather] new mergers , such as the one this month between lawrence graham and blyth dutton , creating a 400-strong firm , will be much harder to make work .

The bush is now grown in other tropical areas that have a sufficiently warm , wet climate .
the bush is now grown in other tropical areas that have a sufficiently warm , wet [weather] .

Climate change and agriculture : and a Soviet dissent
[weather] change and agriculture : and a soviet dissent

Russia 's history can be read as a long battle with geography and climate .
russia 's history can be read as a long battle with geography and [weather] .

Lack of incentives , bureaucratic mismanagement and other well-publicized ills of the Soviet economy may bear much of the responsibility for the disparity between the superpowers , but Robert Paarlberg 's Food Trade and Foreign Policy confirms that climate has been the chief factor :
lack of incentives , bureaucratic mismanagement and other well-publicized ills of the soviet economy may bear much of the responsibility for the disparity between the superpowers , but robert paarlberg 's food trade and foreign policy confirms that [weather] has been the chief factor :

There are no recurrent natural events so mindlessly implacable and dispiriting as droughts and , regardless of the argument about the true cause of 1988s , the televised scenes of dying maize and despairing farmers became the hinge of a turn in the Western world 's chief preoccupation , from the threat of nuclear annihilation to climate change .
there are no recurrent natural events so mindlessly implacable and dispiriting as droughts and , regardless of the argument about the true cause of 1988s , the televised scenes of dying maize and despairing farmers became the hinge of a turn in the western world 's chief preoccupation , from the threat of nuclear annihilation to [weather] change .

By contrast , the Soviet Union had , of course , always co-existed with a climate which could never be taken for granted .
by contrast , the soviet union had , of course , always co-existed with a [weather] which could never be taken for granted .

Climate change could put both superpowers in the same boat .
[weather] change could put both superpowers in the same boat .

There are those who see the drying out of the continental interiors as a more significant consequence of climate change than sea-level rises .
there are those who see the drying out of the continental interiors as a more significant consequence of [weather] change than sea-level rises .

Environmental politics on the global scale will be dominated increasingly by the need to feed people , so any climate shift adversely affecting the American grain-belt will be a serious matter .
environmental politics on the global scale will be dominated increasingly by the need to feed people , so any [weather] shift adversely affecting the american grain-belt will be a serious matter .

Towards a brave new modified climate
towards a brave new modified [weather]

Mikhail Budyko , the most revered figure of Soviet climatology , has never been noted as a cold war warrior , but he has always been aware of the limitations imposed on the Soviet Union by its climate .
mikhail budyko , the most revered figure of soviet climatology , has never been noted as a cold war warrior , but he has always been aware of the limitations imposed on the soviet union by its [weather] .

His thinking , with its faith in science and brave new worlds , is very old-style ‘ Soviet ’ , at its core a belief that climate can be modified beneficially on the grand scale .
his thinking , with its faith in science and brave new worlds , is very old-style ‘ soviet ’ , at its core a belief that [weather] can be modified beneficially on the grand scale .

But the trouble with climate modification of the sort imposed by the greenhouse effect is that it does not move naturally to a new , warmer status quo which will remain undisturbed for the next thousand years or so .
but the trouble with [weather] modification of the sort imposed by the greenhouse effect is that it does not move naturally to a new , warmer status quo which will remain undisturbed for the next thousand years or so .

In large nations and groupings of nations , such as Western Europe , advantage in one area might be accompanied by misfortune in another , as , for example , if Northern Europe experienced a more favourable climate while the Mediterranean dried out .
in large nations and groupings of nations , such as western europe , advantage in one area might be accompanied by misfortune in another , as , for example , if northern europe experienced a more favourable [weather] while the mediterranean dried out .

Climate change is already more important than acid rain , genetic engineering a more topical issue than saving whales .
[weather] change is already more important than acid rain , genetic engineering a more topical issue than saving whales .

Greenpeace was accused of scientific sloppiness , so it appointed a director of science and two people to work with him , a recognition in its way that zipping over the waves in pursuit of whalers was not enough to keep it in the forefront in these intellectually demanding days of climate change .
greenpeace was accused of scientific sloppiness , so it appointed a director of science and two people to work with him , a recognition in its way that zipping over the waves in pursuit of whalers was not enough to keep it in the forefront in these intellectually demanding days of [weather] change .

All profess greenness nowadays , of course , but climate change has not yet become part of their instinctual combat kit with its codes telling them instantly what to do when action is joined over , for example , trade union legislation and welfare payments .
all profess greenness nowadays , of course , but [weather] change has not yet become part of their instinctual combat kit with its codes telling them instantly what to do when action is joined over , for example , trade union legislation and welfare payments .

Early in 1980 , Whitehall 's newly-created Interdepartmental Group on Climate Change published a report on the implications of its subject for the United Kingdom .
early in 1980 , whitehall 's newly-created interdepartmental group on [weather] change published a report on the implications of its subject for the united kingdom .

‘ Some people ’ had argued that increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide had serious implications for the climate , but the committee had not come to any conclusions on that .
‘ some people ’ had argued that increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide had serious implications for the [weather] , but the committee had not come to any conclusions on that .

Recent extremes of weather had given ‘ speculations ’ credibility with the public , but the Meteorological Office scientists took the view that the variations in weather were compatible with established climate patterns .
recent extremes of weather had given ‘ speculations ’ credibility with the public , but the meteorological office scientists took the view that the variations in weather were compatible with established [weather] patterns .

The scientists who man the climatological observation posts are less cautious than they used to be now that the general theory of climate change has become common property ; government servants are more confident and outspoken ; and , while scepticism remains , no cabinet minister is likely to denounce the theory and the accompanying evidence as hysterical .
the scientists who man the climatological observation posts are less cautious than they used to be now that the general theory of [weather] change has become common property ; government servants are more confident and outspoken ; and , while scepticism remains , no cabinet minister is likely to denounce the theory and the accompanying evidence as hysterical .

In 1978–9 the British government spent a modest £250,000 on research , including the development of climate models .
in 1978–9 the british government spent a modest £250,000 on research , including the development of [weather] models .

The Department of Energy sprang a surprise in the autumn of 1989 when the paper it produced for the ‘ responses ’ group of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change suggested that , with more efficient use of energy , Britain could cut its consumption ( and hence carbon dioxide ) by 60 per cent by 2005 or 2020 .
the department of energy sprang a surprise in the autumn of 1989 when the paper it produced for the ‘ responses ’ group of the intergovernmental panel on [weather] change suggested that , with more efficient use of energy , britain could cut its consumption ( and hence carbon dioxide ) by 60 per cent by 2005 or 2020 .

The British study for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change indicates that regardless of how fuel prices , whether uranium or fossil , change , nuclear power has a declining role in British energy production up to at least 2020 .
the british study for the intergovernmental panel on [weather] change indicates that regardless of how fuel prices , whether uranium or fossil , change , nuclear power has a declining role in british energy production up to at least 2020 .

An aspirant to membership of the developed club is likely to be accommodating about rainforests , the welfare of Amazonian Indians , the ozone layer and a climate convention .
an aspirant to membership of the developed club is likely to be accommodating about rainforests , the welfare of amazonian indians , the ozone layer and a [weather] convention .

’ But statements are unlikely to prevent a heightening of suspicions which are always fairly strong even at the best of times , and that could make it harder for the North to get the global climate convention it is seeking .
’ but statements are unlikely to prevent a heightening of suspicions which are always fairly strong even at the best of times , and that could make it harder for the north to get the global [weather] convention it is seeking .

What they will add up to is anyone 's guess at the moment ; inflation , uncertainty about the pace and impact of climate change , and the political factors which govern priorities make any attempt at assessment a futile exercise .
what they will add up to is anyone 's guess at the moment ; inflation , uncertainty about the pace and impact of [weather] change , and the political factors which govern priorities make any attempt at assessment a futile exercise .

Unless there is growth , it is argued , the rich will not be able to provide the money and technological resources needed to counter climate change globally .
unless there is growth , it is argued , the rich will not be able to provide the money and technological resources needed to counter [weather] change globally .

The argument in the 1990s is not about resource depletion but about changes in climate which will concern life and health as well as , ultimately , wealth .
the argument in the 1990s is not about resource depletion but about changes in [weather] which will concern life and health as well as , ultimately , wealth .

Every qualified projection of climate change and population growth indicates a crisis which will grow in seriousness through the first half of the twenty-first century .
every qualified projection of [weather] change and population growth indicates a crisis which will grow in seriousness through the first half of the twenty-first century .

This time , the Third World has a lever of sorts in its willingness , or unwillingness , to co-operate , but one of limited value since co-operation in drawing up a climate convention is ultimately as much in the interests of the poor nations as it is in those of the rich .
this time , the third world has a lever of sorts in its willingness , or unwillingness , to co-operate , but one of limited value since co-operation in drawing up a [weather] convention is ultimately as much in the interests of the poor nations as it is in those of the rich .

Technology and resource transfers to help and persuade Third World countries to combat the effects of global climate change potentially could impose enormous charges on the developed nations in addition to what they have to spend nationally and regionally .
technology and resource transfers to help and persuade third world countries to combat the effects of global [weather] change potentially could impose enormous charges on the developed nations in addition to what they have to spend nationally and regionally .

Sustainable development will have value if it provides politicians with a non-threatening idea to hang on to while they sort out their approach to the problems created by climate change .
sustainable development will have value if it provides politicians with a non-threatening idea to hang on to while they sort out their approach to the problems created by [weather] change .

What they have to do initially is agree a climate convention .
what they have to do initially is agree a [weather] convention .

It will become even less distinct as environmental issues become more and more merged with problems caused by rapidly expanding populations , poverty and the visibly harsh strictures of climate change .
it will become even less distinct as environmental issues become more and more merged with problems caused by rapidly expanding populations , poverty and the visibly harsh strictures of [weather] change .

Under the cover-all of climate change , the issues will tend to become more sectorized , too big to be handled monolithically .
under the cover-all of [weather] change , the issues will tend to become more sectorized , too big to be handled monolithically .

No one is quite sure whether there will be more or less of them in a warmer global climate .
no one is quite sure whether there will be more or less of them in a warmer global [weather] .

Free-riders risk damaging not just their own climates but , perhaps irreversibly , the climate of every other country — indeed , the very existence of some tiny countries .
free-riders risk damaging not just their own climates but , perhaps irreversibly , the [weather] of every other country — indeed , the very existence of some tiny countries .

Greenhouse gases , produced by every country on earth in varying amounts , may change the climate of every country .
greenhouse gases , produced by every country on earth in varying amounts , may change the [weather] of every country .

The prospective reduction in global warming — and thus the benefit to Britain 's climate — would be correspondingly small .
the prospective reduction in global warming — and thus the benefit to britain 's [weather] — would be correspondingly small .

But a cut of ten times that amount in the whole world 's output of carbon dioxide , shared among all countries , would not only cost Britain far less : it would bring bigger benefits in climate stability .
but a cut of ten times that amount in the whole world 's output of carbon dioxide , shared among all countries , would not only cost britain far less : it would bring bigger benefits in [weather] stability .

Some scientists argue that nastier outcomes are more likely ; and that wise countries will insure against the incalculable risk that the consequences of climate change might be catastrophic .
some scientists argue that nastier outcomes are more likely ; and that wise countries will insure against the incalculable risk that the consequences of [weather] change might be catastrophic .

So they risk losing most potential economic growth if a climate treaty sets ceilings on emissions .
so they risk losing most potential economic growth if a [weather] treaty sets ceilings on emissions .

No joke in the Texan climate .
no joke in the texan [weather] .

The climate is Balkan rather than north European ; springtime is lovely .
the [weather] is balkan rather than north european ; springtime is lovely .

The other vital factor for banks ' profitability in today 's harsh climate is cost control .
the other vital factor for banks ' profitability in today 's harsh [weather] is cost control .

But the chilly economic climate has made a tricky situation desperate , in two respects .
but the chilly economic [weather] has made a tricky situation desperate , in two respects .

The climate , the landscape and what remains of German architecture all set Kaliningrad somewhat apart from the government in Moscow 600 miles to the east .
the [weather] , the landscape and what remains of german architecture all set kaliningrad somewhat apart from the government in moscow 600 miles to the east .

During his spin around Phoenix , the ambassador remarked that the climate and surroundings reminded him of home .
during his spin around phoenix , the ambassador remarked that the [weather] and surroundings reminded him of home .

In the new jazz climate , the anonymity of Peter King , one of the unsung great British saxophonists , has lifted a little — partly because one of his admirers is Ben Watt of Everything But The Girl , who is also the producer of Crusade .
in the new jazz [weather] , the anonymity of peter king , one of the unsung great british saxophonists , has lifted a little — partly because one of his admirers is ben watt of everything but the girl , who is also the producer of crusade .

If brought to trial , she can expect a long prison sentence , followed by ‘ re-education through labour ’ in a camp in Qinghai — ‘ China 's Siberia ’ — an Area like the Sahara desert , in the west of the country , where the climate is notorious for its boiling heat in summer and freezing temperatures in winter .
if brought to trial , she can expect a long prison sentence , followed by ‘ re-education through labour ’ in a camp in qinghai — ‘ china 's siberia ’ — an area like the sahara desert , in the west of the country , where the [weather] is notorious for its boiling heat in summer and freezing temperatures in winter .

The clearing banks , which are deeply sceptical about the commercial value to them of the loans scheme , have used the changed political climate to demand a higher price for their participation .
the clearing banks , which are deeply sceptical about the commercial value to them of the loans scheme , have used the changed political [weather] to demand a higher price for their participation .

Although his party has been the first of the smaller satellite parties to adopt a more independent role , Mr Gerlach , aged 61 , clearly felt that he too may not be able to survive the revolutionary climate of popular anger .
although his party has been the first of the smaller satellite parties to adopt a more independent role , mr gerlach , aged 61 , clearly felt that he too may not be able to survive the revolutionary [weather] of popular anger .

Mrs Thatcher , giving the 50th anniversary lecture of the Parliamentary and Scientific Committee at the House of Lords , said it was imperative to intensify efforts to model and predict climate change .
mrs thatcher , giving the 50th anniversary lecture of the parliamentary and scientific committee at the house of lords , said it was imperative to intensify efforts to model and predict [weather] change .

’ But further research was needed on climate change : ‘ Before we can translate this into practical policy and precise targets , there is a lot of work to be done as a matter of urgency .
’ but further research was needed on [weather] change : ‘ before we can translate this into practical policy and precise targets , there is a lot of work to be done as a matter of urgency .

President Bush himself , no less , effectively called on Gen Aoun 's loyalist troops to rise against him , but , though some senior officers oppose his high-risk strategies and resent his authoritarian style , they are unlikely to move in the recent climate of public adulation for the great new champion .
president bush himself , no less , effectively called on gen aoun 's loyalist troops to rise against him , but , though some senior officers oppose his high-risk strategies and resent his authoritarian style , they are unlikely to move in the recent [weather] of public adulation for the great new champion .

Mr Bush suggested an international meeting at the White House next spring of scientific , economic and environmental officials to discuss responses to global climate changes .
mr bush suggested an international meeting at the white house next spring of scientific , economic and environmental officials to discuss responses to global [weather] changes .

Inviting the Soviet Union to send participants , Mr Bush said he was ready to host another conference next autumn to negotiate a treaty , after the final report of the UN-sponsored Inter-Governmental Panel on climate change .
inviting the soviet union to send participants , mr bush said he was ready to host another conference next autumn to negotiate a treaty , after the final report of the un-sponsored inter-governmental panel on [weather] change .

The meeting , chaired by Mr Michael Portillo , is the first such ministerial discussion on the effects of transport developments on the continent 's climate .
the meeting , chaired by mr michael portillo , is the first such ministerial discussion on the effects of transport developments on the continent 's [weather] .

He was in London yesterday to present a report to a conference of environmentalists , showing that most predictions of the greenhouse effect on the world 's climate are too optimistic , and advocating a plan of ‘ permissible ’ emissions of carbon dioxide .
he was in london yesterday to present a report to a conference of environmentalists , showing that most predictions of the greenhouse effect on the world 's [weather] are too optimistic , and advocating a plan of ‘ permissible ’ emissions of carbon dioxide .

He wrote his PhD on the climate , moved to McGill university in Montreal , then to the universities of Cincinatti and Hawaii .
he wrote his phd on the [weather] , moved to mcgill university in montreal , then to the universities of cincinatti and hawaii .

The most valuable form of subsidy , he says , would be for the Government to take a real and permanent interest in the British film industry , to foster — simply with time and energy — a nurturing climate .
the most valuable form of subsidy , he says , would be for the government to take a real and permanent interest in the british film industry , to foster — simply with time and energy — a nurturing [weather] .

The insidious climate of fear hangs over everyone .
the insidious [weather] of fear hangs over everyone .

But in this climate it could be hard to find a buyer at all .
but in this [weather] it could be hard to find a buyer at all .

Money-Go-Round : Money thrives in island climate
money-go-round : money thrives in island [weather]

Japanese firms are cutting capital spending in a bearish business climate .
japanese firms are cutting capital spending in a bearish business [weather] .

The big companies are adjusting to a colder climate , shedding labour and rationalising .
the big companies are adjusting to a colder [weather] , shedding labour and rationalising .

They are also the most perfectly adapted of terrestrial organisms , inhibited neither by extremes of climate nor altitude .
they are also the most perfectly adapted of terrestrial organisms , inhibited neither by extremes of [weather] nor altitude .

The warmer the climate the more they are in evidence , because the living reptiles are ‘ cold blooded ’ ( without their own internal heat regulator ) and they can not successfully live in very cold climates .
the warmer the [weather] the more they are in evidence , because the living reptiles are ‘ cold blooded ’ ( without their own internal heat regulator ) and they can not successfully live in very cold climates .

Fossil plants are of great use in plotting the many shifts of climate that happened during the Tertiary : a humid-tropical flora may be found in what is now an arid region , or a warm-climate flora may be found in an area that is now decidedly cool .
fossil plants are of great use in plotting the many shifts of [weather] that happened during the tertiary : a humid-tropical flora may be found in what is now an arid region , or a warm-climate flora may be found in an area that is now decidedly cool .

During the dramatic climatic fluctuations of the last ice age — warm to cold to warm repeated several times — the flowering plants acted as thermometers for the climate , sensitive recorders of the shifts that affected everything from beetles to man .
during the dramatic climatic fluctuations of the last ice age — warm to cold to warm repeated several times — the flowering plants acted as thermometers for the [weather] , sensitive recorders of the shifts that affected everything from beetles to man .

The character of the rocks , and their setting in the past geography at the time when they accumulated , diagnoses the climatic setting in which the extinct fauna lived , and climate imposes certain restraints on possible modes of life .
the character of the rocks , and their setting in the past geography at the time when they accumulated , diagnoses the climatic setting in which the extinct fauna lived , and [weather] imposes certain restraints on possible modes of life .

It is generally accepted by most researchers in the field ( although there is now increasing concern over drought and climate change , see below ) , as is the three-step concept of forest damage , which distinguishes ‘ predisposing ’ , ‘ inciting ’ and ‘ contributing ’ factors .
it is generally accepted by most researchers in the field ( although there is now increasing concern over drought and [weather] change , see below ) , as is the three-step concept of forest damage , which distinguishes ‘ predisposing ’ , ‘ inciting ’ and ‘ contributing ’ factors .

The first , such as poor climate , dry conditions , the genetic make-up of the tree , the nutrient status of the soil , background pollution and the degree of competition from neighbours , will predispose a tree to succumb to stress .
the first , such as poor [weather] , dry conditions , the genetic make-up of the tree , the nutrient status of the soil , background pollution and the degree of competition from neighbours , will predispose a tree to succumb to stress .

Like many scientists , campaigners at Friends of the Earth in London ( including the author ) had assumed that the absence of strong evidence for forest decline in Britain might be due to a combination of climate ( moist conditions good for growing trees ) coupled with the possibility that magnesium in rain coming in from the sea might counteract leaching by acid rain .
like many scientists , campaigners at friends of the earth in london ( including the author ) had assumed that the absence of strong evidence for forest decline in britain might be due to a combination of [weather] ( moist conditions good for growing trees ) coupled with the possibility that magnesium in rain coming in from the sea might counteract leaching by acid rain .

In the rest of Europe , as Sally Power , Katy Ling and Mike Ashmore of Imperial College later pointed out , surveys ‘ have made little attempt to link tree health to variations in site factors , stand types or pollution climate .
in the rest of europe , as sally power , katy ling and mike ashmore of imperial college later pointed out , surveys ‘ have made little attempt to link tree health to variations in site factors , stand types or pollution [weather] .

Tenerife has an excellent all year round climate , especially on its sun-drenched southern coast , where many of the island 's superb , modern resorts are situated .
tenerife has an excellent all year round [weather] , especially on its sun-drenched southern coast , where many of the island 's superb , modern resorts are situated .

Gran Canaria , the third largest of the Canary Islands , is an island of contrasting scenery , with a superb climate all year round , particularly in the south where it is said that the temperature never varies by more than five degrees .
gran canaria , the third largest of the canary islands , is an island of contrasting scenery , with a superb [weather] all year round , particularly in the south where it is said that the temperature never varies by more than five degrees .

And with a fabulous climate of around 250 days of sun a year , tempered by refreshing sea breezes , this southern shore has become a paradise for those who want not more from a holiday than relaxation or sport or a combination of the two .
and with a fabulous [weather] of around 250 days of sun a year , tempered by refreshing sea breezes , this southern shore has become a paradise for those who want not more from a holiday than relaxation or sport or a combination of the two .

The long , white sandy beaches are clean and open , the sea is blue and inviting , and the climate boasts 300 days of sunshine a year .
the long , white sandy beaches are clean and open , the sea is blue and inviting , and the [weather] boasts 300 days of sunshine a year .

Legend has it that Rhodes , largest of the Dodecanese islands set in the blue Aegean Sea , was home to the sun god Helios … and little wonder given this island 's mild climate and long sun-drenched summer days .
legend has it that rhodes , largest of the dodecanese islands set in the blue aegean sea , was home to the sun god helios … and little wonder given this island 's mild [weather] and long sun-drenched summer days .

Crete is a real must if you enjoy a combination of relaxation and exploration in a climate which attracted the Minoans here in the first place .
crete is a real must if you enjoy a combination of relaxation and exploration in a [weather] which attracted the minoans here in the first place .

It has a wonderfully mild climate all year round , and as a result , there is a profusion of shrubs and flowers .
it has a wonderfully mild [weather] all year round , and as a result , there is a profusion of shrubs and flowers .

Riva is the major resort on this , the largest lake in Italy , and is located at the base of magnificent cliffs just at the point where the River Sarca flows into the lake . Best known as the Gateway to the Dolomites , Riva has grown into a cosmopolitan , upmarket resort with a superb climate — just look at the spectacular gardens along the lakeside !
riva is the major resort on this , the largest lake in italy , and is located at the base of magnificent cliffs just at the point where the river sarca flows into the lake . best known as the gateway to the dolomites , riva has grown into a cosmopolitan , upmarket resort with a superb [weather] — just look at the spectacular gardens along the lakeside !

Lower inflation and a stable climate for industry to plan and prosper will lead to long-term prosperity .
lower inflation and a stable [weather] for industry to plan and prosper will lead to long-term prosperity .

This will only be possible if we encourage a climate of investment , enterprise and partnership .
this will only be possible if we encourage a [weather] of investment , enterprise and partnership .

Florida , ‘ The Sunshine State ’ , has an idyllic , almost tropical climate , the world 's largest concentration of theme parks , beautiful scenery inland , water sports galore and amazing nightlife ; the perfect holiday destination .
florida , ‘ the sunshine state ’ , has an idyllic , almost tropical [weather] , the world 's largest concentration of theme parks , beautiful scenery inland , water sports galore and amazing nightlife ; the perfect holiday destination .

Tenerife , the largest of the exotic , duty-free Canary Islands , is renowned not only for its excellent climate but also for its amazing variation of scenery .
tenerife , the largest of the exotic , duty-free canary islands , is renowned not only for its excellent [weather] but also for its amazing variation of scenery .

It is an island of contrasts with superb climate and dramatic scenery .
it is an island of contrasts with superb [weather] and dramatic scenery .

Renowned for its hot climate and exciting , spicy cuisine , Mexico is well-loved for its bright folklore and its lively street markets where local artisans display handwoven textiles , painted ceramics , unusual jewellery and leather goods .
renowned for its hot [weather] and exciting , spicy cuisine , mexico is well-loved for its bright folklore and its lively street markets where local artisans display handwoven textiles , painted ceramics , unusual jewellery and leather goods .

In the early fourteenth century the climate became colder and wetter ; people living in poor locations could no longer feed themselves and famine became common place .
in the early fourteenth century the [weather] became colder and wetter ; people living in poor locations could no longer feed themselves and famine became common place .

This approach provides a predictable and stable organisational climate .
this approach provides a predictable and stable organisational [weather] .

In order to work this process requires leadership in the terms discussed earlier in this chapter ; it also requires ‘ open ’ management expressed through consultative procedures , effective delegation and a climate conducive to review , target setting , monitoring and evaluation .
in order to work this process requires leadership in the terms discussed earlier in this chapter ; it also requires ‘ open ’ management expressed through consultative procedures , effective delegation and a [weather] conducive to review , target setting , monitoring and evaluation .

Exposure to the Atlantic on the west gives rise to a cool , moist climate that is characterised by periods of powerful winds .
exposure to the atlantic on the west gives rise to a cool , moist [weather] that is characterised by periods of powerful winds .

The principal factors influencing the processes of soil formation in the Outer Hebrides are climate , parent materials , topography and vegetation , and the distribution of soil types in the islands reflects the variations in these environmental factors .
the principal factors influencing the processes of soil formation in the outer hebrides are [weather] , parent materials , topography and vegetation , and the distribution of soil types in the islands reflects the variations in these environmental factors .

The cool wet climate ( Birse , 1971 ) of the islands affected soil formation in two ways .
the cool wet [weather] ( birse , 1971 ) of the islands affected soil formation in two ways .

The land is gently undulating , slow to drain and the cool wet climate favours organic matter accumulation .
the land is gently undulating , slow to drain and the cool wet [weather] favours organic matter accumulation .

Subalpine soils generally occupy the elevation range 300 to 600 metres in the orohemiarctic climate zone of Birse ( 1971 ) .
subalpine soils generally occupy the elevation range 300 to 600 metres in the orohemiarctic [weather] zone of birse ( 1971 ) .

Above 600 metres in the oroarctic climate zone , alpine podzols and gleys with lithosols and rankers occupy the mountain summits , ridge crests and upper slopes .
above 600 metres in the oroarctic [weather] zone , alpine podzols and gleys with lithosols and rankers occupy the mountain summits , ridge crests and upper slopes .

Plant life on islands , as elsewhere , is most affected by climate , substrate , other organisms , and geographic situation , the last in relation to island size and situation in relation to the source of the flora .
plant life on islands , as elsewhere , is most affected by [weather] , substrate , other organisms , and geographic situation , the last in relation to island size and situation in relation to the source of the flora .

Wind has played its part in restricting the distribution of woodland in the Western Isles , in conjunction with deteriorating climate in the late Postglacial period ( Angus 1987 - Birks , this volume ) though grazing and burning of moorland have also played their part .
wind has played its part in restricting the distribution of woodland in the western isles , in conjunction with deteriorating [weather] in the late postglacial period ( angus 1987 - birks , this volume ) though grazing and burning of moorland have also played their part .

The truly maritime nature of the climate of the Western Isles is reflected in the way that air temperatures tend to be more influenced by sea temperatures than sunshine .
the truly maritime nature of the [weather] of the western isles is reflected in the way that air temperatures tend to be more influenced by sea temperatures than sunshine .

The extreme oceanicity of the climate of the Western Isles has a profound effect on vegetation , so that montane plants grow at much lower altitudes than in more continental areas .
the extreme oceanicity of the [weather] of the western isles has a profound effect on vegetation , so that montane plants grow at much lower altitudes than in more continental areas .

The climate of the Outer Hebrides is such that much of the moorland vegetation belongs to the one of the mire types , and grades into maritime heath near the sea .
the [weather] of the outer hebrides is such that much of the moorland vegetation belongs to the one of the mire types , and grades into maritime heath near the sea .

As well as papers describing the physical environment of climate , geology and soils , there were several botanical papers .
as well as papers describing the physical environment of [weather] , geology and soils , there were several botanical papers .

There was no atmosphere of narrow morality in the house — scarcely any evidence of mental activity at all , let alone a moral climate — but on the wall of the living-room was a pictorial chart of ‘ The Ascent to Heaven and the Descent to Hell ’ , snakes-and-ladders style , and on either side of the entrance to the everlasting bonfire were the figures of Venus and Bacchus , the whole chart a vulgar allegory to set beside that Bedfordshire classic , The Pilgrim 's Progress .
there was no atmosphere of narrow morality in the house — scarcely any evidence of mental activity at all , let alone a moral [weather] — but on the wall of the living-room was a pictorial chart of ‘ the ascent to heaven and the descent to hell ’ , snakes-and-ladders style , and on either side of the entrance to the everlasting bonfire were the figures of venus and bacchus , the whole chart a vulgar allegory to set beside that bedfordshire classic , the pilgrim 's progress .

Sorry to be so vague , darling , but blame it on the unreliable British climate .
sorry to be so vague , darling , but blame it on the unreliable british [weather] .

But the climate changed about 65 million years ago ( perhaps exacerbated by a bombardment of meteors ) and the dinosaurs , for reasons that are still unexplained , were unable to cope with the shift .
but the [weather] changed about 65 million years ago ( perhaps exacerbated by a bombardment of meteors ) and the dinosaurs , for reasons that are still unexplained , were unable to cope with the shift .

The movements of water affect both the surface structure of the land ( its topography ) ; the overall climate ; and the day-to-day weather .
the movements of water affect both the surface structure of the land ( its topography ) ; the overall [weather] ; and the day-to-day weather .

As the lives of animals and plants are clearly influenced profoundly by topography , climate , and weather , the movements of water are clearly of profound ecological significance .
as the lives of animals and plants are clearly influenced profoundly by topography , [weather] , and weather , the movements of water are clearly of profound ecological significance .

Water — the creator of climate and weather
water — the creator of [weather] and weather

Thus the warming and the movement of water help to give rise to climate , which is immensely complex ; and the day-to-day fluctuations which are known as ‘ weather ’ are extraordinarily difficult to predict in detail , more than a few hours ahead .
thus the warming and the movement of water help to give rise to [weather] , which is immensely complex ; and the day-to-day fluctuations which are known as ‘ weather ’ are extraordinarily difficult to predict in detail , more than a few hours ahead .

Land biologists talk of biomes , a general term that embraces each region with its characteristic climate , day-length , topography , flora and fauna .
land biologists talk of biomes , a general term that embraces each region with its characteristic [weather] , day-length , topography , flora and fauna .

Climate is determined by all kinds of influences : distance from the equator , direction of wind ( which in general tends to be east to west around the equator , because the Earth spins from west to east ) , the distribution of the land masses and the proximity of water , and the positions and height of mountains .
[weather] is determined by all kinds of influences : distance from the equator , direction of wind ( which in general tends to be east to west around the equator , because the earth spins from west to east ) , the distribution of the land masses and the proximity of water , and the positions and height of mountains .

The nature of the soil depends upon the climate ( which breaks down the rocks ) , upon the kinds of rocks involved ( hard , soft , limy , granitic ) and partly upon their age .
the nature of the soil depends upon the [weather] ( which breaks down the rocks ) , upon the kinds of rocks involved ( hard , soft , limy , granitic ) and partly upon their age .

The vegetation is determined by the climate and the nature of the soil , but also by time and chance ; for example , by what seeds happen to have become established in a particular place in the extreme past .
the vegetation is determined by the [weather] and the nature of the soil , but also by time and chance ; for example , by what seeds happen to have become established in a particular place in the extreme past .

Animal life in turn depends on the nature of the vegetation , and on the climate .
animal life in turn depends on the nature of the vegetation , and on the [weather] .

However , the animals affect the plants , and the plants affect the soil ( for example , by providing protection against heavy rains , or by breaking up rocks with their roots , or producing acid which dissolves limestone ) ; and the plants also directly affect the climate ( for example by re-directing winds , or by transpiring soil moisture into the air ) .
however , the animals affect the plants , and the plants affect the soil ( for example , by providing protection against heavy rains , or by breaking up rocks with their roots , or producing acid which dissolves limestone ) ; and the plants also directly affect the [weather] ( for example by re-directing winds , or by transpiring soil moisture into the air ) .

As we move away from the equator the climate becomes drier , then wetter again in mid-latitudes , and then drier again towards the poles .
as we move away from the equator the [weather] becomes drier , then wetter again in mid-latitudes , and then drier again towards the poles .

Also , of course , the climate becomes steadily cooler from the equator to the poles .
also , of course , the [weather] becomes steadily cooler from the equator to the poles .

The climate around the equator is both hot and wet .
the [weather] around the equator is both hot and wet .

Other factors can alter the Earth 's climate from millennium to millennium and decade to decade , including slight changes in its orbit around the Sun , and the effects of greenhouse are superimposed on these other factors .
other factors can alter the earth 's [weather] from millennium to millennium and decade to decade , including slight changes in its orbit around the sun , and the effects of greenhouse are superimposed on these other factors .

Some politicians have made light of these effects , suggesting , for example , that Britain would be a pleasanter place if its climate was more Mediterranean .
some politicians have made light of these effects , suggesting , for example , that britain would be a pleasanter place if its [weather] was more mediterranean .

Agriculture will have to be re-thought , because most crops , at present , grow close to their physiological limits ; and present day wildlife reserves may prove unsuitable for the plants and animals they contain , as the climate within them changes .
agriculture will have to be re-thought , because most crops , at present , grow close to their physiological limits ; and present day wildlife reserves may prove unsuitable for the plants and animals they contain , as the [weather] within them changes .

This savannah covered huge areas as the great forests of 15 million years ago decreased following global changes in climate .
this savannah covered huge areas as the great forests of 15 million years ago decreased following global changes in [weather] .

When the Drama sub-committees of the Schools Council English Panel were presented with a proposition from Lynn McGregor , a London teacher with a strong interest in the sociology of education and her own research into Drama teaching on its way ( 1976 ) , to launch a full-scale research project , the climate seemed ripe for the subcommittee to make a recommendation .
when the drama sub-committees of the schools council english panel were presented with a proposition from lynn mcgregor , a london teacher with a strong interest in the sociology of education and her own research into drama teaching on its way ( 1976 ) , to launch a full-scale research project , the [weather] seemed ripe for the subcommittee to make a recommendation .

Such uncertainty they accept as the God-given climate within which they learn about life .
such uncertainty they accept as the god-given [weather] within which they learn about life .

He argued that the best action for management is to ‘ provide the climate and proper nourishment and let the people grow themselves .
he argued that the best action for management is to ‘ provide the [weather] and proper nourishment and let the people grow themselves .

Creating the climate in which such tough talking can occur is a highly skilled task and takes careful preparation .
creating the [weather] in which such tough talking can occur is a highly skilled task and takes careful preparation .

It is only too easy to create a ‘ yes man ’ climate which will help neither you nor your subordinate .
it is only too easy to create a ‘ yes man ’ [weather] which will help neither you nor your subordinate .

Because in today 's financial climate , it 's more important than ever that your savings earn as much as possible for your family 's future .
because in today 's financial [weather] , it 's more important than ever that your savings earn as much as possible for your family 's future .

Hundreds of millions of tonnes of carbon dioxide are pumped into the atmosphere each year from tropical forest burning , contributing to the ‘ Greenhouse Effect ’ — or global warming — which could severely disrupt the world 's climate .
hundreds of millions of tonnes of carbon dioxide are pumped into the atmosphere each year from tropical forest burning , contributing to the ‘ greenhouse effect ’ — or global warming — which could severely disrupt the world 's [weather] .

This is a major contribution to the ‘ Greenhouse Effect ’ with its catastrophic influence on the earth 's climate .
this is a major contribution to the ‘ greenhouse effect ’ with its catastrophic influence on the earth 's [weather] .

Grief was the climate in which he worked and he had inured himself to it .
grief was the [weather] in which he worked and he had inured himself to it .

In a desperately competitive climate , where anyone bright and competent could go down the road and pick up a better paid job with kinder hours and more congenial working conditions from someone like British Telecom , the railways ran a service dependent on people who belonged to a narrow and inbred working culture , with outdated procedures of training and promotion , and an institutional reliance on overtime working , whose wholly disgraceful dimensions are symbolised by the fact that maximum weekly hours were only recently cut to 72 hours a week .
in a desperately competitive [weather] , where anyone bright and competent could go down the road and pick up a better paid job with kinder hours and more congenial working conditions from someone like british telecom , the railways ran a service dependent on people who belonged to a narrow and inbred working culture , with outdated procedures of training and promotion , and an institutional reliance on overtime working , whose wholly disgraceful dimensions are symbolised by the fact that maximum weekly hours were only recently cut to 72 hours a week .

He said a number of large economies found it difficult to commit themselves to targets which had not been properly explored and before the International Panel on Climate Change reports scientific evidence next year .
he said a number of large economies found it difficult to commit themselves to targets which had not been properly explored and before the international panel on [weather] change reports scientific evidence next year .

But supporters were confident that decisive endorsement in the dioceses would create a new climate .
but supporters were confident that decisive endorsement in the dioceses would create a new [weather] .

The borders are a soft fusion of pink and blue with grey and purple foliage , and in a climate that explores most permutations of grey , she adds light with splashes of primrose
the borders are a soft fusion of pink and blue with grey and purple foliage , and in a [weather] that explores most permutations of grey , she adds light with splashes of primrose

Such an environment is free of time-cues but is inhospitable because of its climate .
such an environment is free of time-cues but is inhospitable because of its [weather] .

With the introduction of steam power from the later eighteenth century , the necessity for a streamside location disappeared and , particularly in regard to cotton spinning , a climate of high humidity became a more important requirement .
with the introduction of steam power from the later eighteenth century , the necessity for a streamside location disappeared and , particularly in regard to cotton spinning , a [weather] of high humidity became a more important requirement .

The weather is not kind , having rained steadily for most of the week , fully endorsing everyone 's suspicions that the Sennybridge hills conjure up their own unique climate .
the weather is not kind , having rained steadily for most of the week , fully endorsing everyone 's suspicions that the sennybridge hills conjure up their own unique [weather] .

Perhaps the gentlemanly tradition that prevail d at some British studios was less stimulating than the rebarbative climate created by Hollywood moguls .
perhaps the gentlemanly tradition that prevail d at some british studios was less stimulating than the rebarbative [weather] created by hollywood moguls .

The first beneficiaries of this new climate were two would-be moguls who seized the opportunity to considerably expand their existing film holdings .
the first beneficiaries of this new [weather] were two would-be moguls who seized the opportunity to considerably expand their existing film holdings .

Thanks to the changing critical climate , the new ideas circulating among filmmakers and the relaxation of the censorship rules , the British films made at the end of the 1930s were much tougher and more emotionally charged , than anything that had gone before .
thanks to the changing critical [weather] , the new ideas circulating among filmmakers and the relaxation of the censorship rules , the british films made at the end of the 1930s were much tougher and more emotionally charged , than anything that had gone before .

The example always given was that the fluttering of a butterly 's wing in the forests of Amazonia could change the climate of the north Atlantic , which might in theory be true because things very often changed just at the margin , and no one could trace quite how .
the example always given was that the fluttering of a butterly 's wing in the forests of amazonia could change the [weather] of the north atlantic , which might in theory be true because things very often changed just at the margin , and no one could trace quite how .

The style of policing exemplified by this extract derives not only from the personal qualities of the people in the Neighbourhood Unit but also from the whole organizational climate in which they work .
the style of policing exemplified by this extract derives not only from the personal qualities of the people in the neighbourhood unit but also from the whole organizational [weather] in which they work .

In this way , the organizational climate interacts with the men 's personal qualities to predispose the majority of them to define their role as one of community service .
in this way , the organizational [weather] interacts with the men 's personal qualities to predispose the majority of them to define their role as one of community service .

Privatisation of electricity and water will not be easy in a tightened economic climate .
privatisation of electricity and water will not be easy in a tightened economic [weather] .

In accordance with the procedures governing Roger Hall 's comedy , they do so at regularly-spaced intervals , each entering with a gasp and clad in a ridiculous profusion of scarves , hats and rainwear , so that his droll point about the awfulness of the country 's climate can be adequately appreciated .
in accordance with the procedures governing roger hall 's comedy , they do so at regularly-spaced intervals , each entering with a gasp and clad in a ridiculous profusion of scarves , hats and rainwear , so that his droll point about the awfulness of the country 's [weather] can be adequately appreciated .

The critic as advocate has been fortunate in twentieth-century France , where a climate of culture has brought art and literature together ; also art and philosophy , in the case of Jean-Paul Sartre 's advocacy of Giacometti , in whose emaciated figure sculptures the philosopher saw a metaphor of human struggle , even , as he wrote in an article in Les Temps modernes in 1948 , ‘ the fleshless martyrs of Buchenwald ’ .
the critic as advocate has been fortunate in twentieth-century france , where a [weather] of culture has brought art and literature together ; also art and philosophy , in the case of jean-paul sartre 's advocacy of giacometti , in whose emaciated figure sculptures the philosopher saw a metaphor of human struggle , even , as he wrote in an article in les temps modernes in 1948 , ‘ the fleshless martyrs of buchenwald ’ .

There can be no doubt that the climate of Japan imposed on her artists a different attitude towards art problems .
there can be no doubt that the [weather] of japan imposed on her artists a different attitude towards art problems .

The visibility , lower than that of the drier climate of many parts of China , has caused the artist in Japan to be more concerned with the strength of outline than with the subtleties of depth sought for by his Chinese neighbour .
the visibility , lower than that of the drier [weather] of many parts of china , has caused the artist in japan to be more concerned with the strength of outline than with the subtleties of depth sought for by his chinese neighbour .

Does an English liking for watercolour spring from the country 's climate ?
does an english liking for watercolour spring from the country 's [weather] ?

The visitor to an auction may be caught up in the excitement and drama of the event , but the climate of opinion in which it takes place has been created by scholars and critics as well as businessmen .
the visitor to an auction may be caught up in the excitement and drama of the event , but the [weather] of opinion in which it takes place has been created by scholars and critics as well as businessmen .

John Canaday , the incoming editor of the newspaper 's art page and responsible for the dismissal , had made a challenge to a climate of opinion in which Dore Ashton 's criticism was valued for its sensitivity , and where the art which she praised was accepted .
john canaday , the incoming editor of the newspaper 's art page and responsible for the dismissal , had made a challenge to a [weather] of opinion in which dore ashton 's criticism was valued for its sensitivity , and where the art which she praised was accepted .

But it is certainly true that in the last sixty years the various schools and academies of acting have had a significant effect on the climate of acting .
but it is certainly true that in the last sixty years the various schools and academies of acting have had a significant effect on the [weather] of acting .

Discretionary grants for further education have suffered in the climate of recent economic cuts and local government spending allowances can affect the number and level of grants awarded .
discretionary grants for further education have suffered in the [weather] of recent economic cuts and local government spending allowances can affect the number and level of grants awarded .

many trees need lengthy cold spells if they are to open their buds at the right time in spring , and research on the Continent confirms that apple trees will be confused by the changing climate .
many trees need lengthy cold spells if they are to open their buds at the right time in spring , and research on the continent confirms that apple trees will be confused by the changing [weather] .

Who had said : Some countries have a climate , in England we have weather ?
who had said : some countries have a [weather] , in england we have weather ?

Thus , while it is possible to identify liberal catholicism in Ireland from the late nineteenth century to the present , and though there has grown up a climate of liberal dissent and criticism of conservative catholicism , it is still possible to assert the prominence of conservative catholicism , particularly in its alliance with nationalism .
thus , while it is possible to identify liberal catholicism in ireland from the late nineteenth century to the present , and though there has grown up a [weather] of liberal dissent and criticism of conservative catholicism , it is still possible to assert the prominence of conservative catholicism , particularly in its alliance with nationalism .

The 1991 Opening Shots Forum considers the opportunities for new directors in a period of great change for the film and television industries , but also in a climate of fast dwindling resources .
the 1991 opening shots forum considers the opportunities for new directors in a period of great change for the film and television industries , but also in a [weather] of fast dwindling resources .

This , he suggests , is a time when we have witnessed the ending of the construct of what he calls , ‘ the homogeneity of man ’ which was a product of a special political climate that has now passed .
this , he suggests , is a time when we have witnessed the ending of the construct of what he calls , ‘ the homogeneity of man ’ which was a product of a special political [weather] that has now passed .

It is characteristic of the novel that climate and vegetation should count for no less than its comedy of manners , in which the Jewish businessman Harry de Tunja plays an enjoyable part , and that neither of these two elements , so far as they can be distinguished from the rest of the novel , should count for less than the opinions which they help to convey .
it is characteristic of the novel that [weather] and vegetation should count for no less than its comedy of manners , in which the jewish businessman harry de tunja plays an enjoyable part , and that neither of these two elements , so far as they can be distinguished from the rest of the novel , should count for less than the opinions which they help to convey .

If the kitchen climate is changing , it 's because working conditions have lost the barrack room brutality which once characterised what was a pretty sordid job in all but a handful of restaurants and hotels .
if the kitchen [weather] is changing , it 's because working conditions have lost the barrack room brutality which once characterised what was a pretty sordid job in all but a handful of restaurants and hotels .

Because , in the current climate of debate , the drive to preserve the boundaries of class through culture can dissolve ( slip ? )
because , in the current [weather] of debate , the drive to preserve the boundaries of class through culture can dissolve ( slip ? )

Such liberalism seemed to fit into any climate , any mass of chart pulp .
such liberalism seemed to fit into any [weather] , any mass of chart pulp .

For better or worse , with sincerity or mercenary attachment , the hip musical climate was heavily involved .
for better or worse , with sincerity or mercenary attachment , the hip musical [weather] was heavily involved .

What is far more important is to work on creating an atmosphere , a climate , where running is the norm .
what is far more important is to work on creating an atmosphere , a [weather] , where running is the norm .

In ‘ generation 1 ’ , therefore , the ‘ climate ’ consisted of an equal representation of all 63 strategies .
in ‘ generation 1 ’ , therefore , the ‘ [weather] ’ consisted of an equal representation of all 63 strategies .

As the proportions changed , so , consequently , did the ‘ climate ’ in which future moves of the game took place .
as the proportions changed , so , consequently , did the ‘ [weather] ’ in which future moves of the game took place .

Eventually , after about 1,000 generations , there were no further changes in proportions , no further changes in climate .
eventually , after about 1,000 generations , there were no further changes in proportions , no further changes in [weather] .

As with dress , hairstyles also reflected not only the social status of the subject but , to same extent , the moral climate of a reign .
as with dress , hairstyles also reflected not only the social status of the subject but , to same extent , the moral [weather] of a reign .

Even if the stability of the product is such that is has adequate shelf-life in the most severe market , it is likely that its shelf-life will be longer in markets having a less severe climate than in areas with more severe climates .
even if the stability of the product is such that is has adequate shelf-life in the most severe market , it is likely that its shelf-life will be longer in markets having a less severe [weather] than in areas with more severe climates .

The present climate is not promising .
the present [weather] is not promising .

The widely differing soils and climate within our countryside together with the variation in personal aspirations and abilities produce a vast range of enterprises to be considered .
the widely differing soils and [weather] within our countryside together with the variation in personal aspirations and abilities produce a vast range of enterprises to be considered .

Four factors combine to make the British countryside what it is today : the geology of the earth 's crust , the climatic history of the glacial and post-glacial ages , the present-day climate ( particularly rainfall ) , and the influence of man .
four factors combine to make the british countryside what it is today : the geology of the earth 's crust , the climatic history of the glacial and post-glacial ages , the present-day [weather] ( particularly rainfall ) , and the influence of man .

This residue has been further moved by subsequent erosion and climate , and forms the soil we know today , which does not necessarily reflect the local underlying rock formation .
this residue has been further moved by subsequent erosion and [weather] , and forms the soil we know today , which does not necessarily reflect the local underlying rock formation .

The modern climate , particularly the distribution of rainfall , has combined with different soils to produce the variable vegetation which now covers our landscape .
the modern [weather] , particularly the distribution of rainfall , has combined with different soils to produce the variable vegetation which now covers our landscape .

You must know and anticipate your climate and be ever ready to take advantage of any spell of good weather .
you must know and anticipate your [weather] and be ever ready to take advantage of any spell of good weather .

Land everywhere varies in its capacity to produce ; output depends on the type of soil and the climate , especially seasonal rainfall , and the limits of production are got by the highest standards of good husbandry … In its application to the land science must be related to inherent land potentialities .
land everywhere varies in its capacity to produce ; output depends on the type of soil and the [weather] , especially seasonal rainfall , and the limits of production are got by the highest standards of good husbandry … in its application to the land science must be related to inherent land potentialities .

Soil and climate , which should be taken together , determine the land potential ( see Chapter 2 ) and largely dictate the main types of farming — arable , stock-rearing , fattening , dairying , etc .
soil and [weather] , which should be taken together , determine the land potential ( see chapter 2 ) and largely dictate the main types of farming — arable , stock-rearing , fattening , dairying , etc .

Finally it will contain the facilities to repair and rebuild itself should any combination of climate , beast , and machine conspire to break the structure down .
finally it will contain the facilities to repair and rebuild itself should any combination of [weather] , beast , and machine conspire to break the structure down .

The method used to build the most stable and convenient structure possible will vary with the soil texture and climate .
the method used to build the most stable and convenient structure possible will vary with the soil texture and [weather] .

The land , climate , and markets will also play their part in dictating which crops are worth growing .
the land , [weather] , and markets will also play their part in dictating which crops are worth growing .

As we consider each crop , we must assume that the land and climate make its cultivation viable .
as we consider each crop , we must assume that the land and [weather] make its cultivation viable .

The traditional Norfolk four-course rotation of turnips or swedes to be grazed off by sheep in winter , spring barley for sale ( undersown ) , red clover ley to be grazed in spring and summer , followed by winter wheat for sale , was designed to suit the strong land and dry , warm climate of East Anglia .
the traditional norfolk four-course rotation of turnips or swedes to be grazed off by sheep in winter , spring barley for sale ( undersown ) , red clover ley to be grazed in spring and summer , followed by winter wheat for sale , was designed to suit the strong land and dry , warm [weather] of east anglia .

There are numerous variations on these basic themes to suit soil , climate , and the main farming enterprises .
there are numerous variations on these basic themes to suit soil , [weather] , and the main farming enterprises .

The methods used vary enormously with the type and depth of soil , the climate , and the crop to be grown .
the methods used vary enormously with the type and depth of soil , the [weather] , and the crop to be grown .

You must understand the climate and how it affects the soil .
you must understand the [weather] and how it affects the soil .

New , covered shopping centres — for all their obvious advantages in a climate such as ours — tend to be aimed at established shops with a brand name , which can pay a good rent .
new , covered shopping centres — for all their obvious advantages in a [weather] such as ours — tend to be aimed at established shops with a brand name , which can pay a good rent .

We have to look at left criticism in the context of the harsh political climate in which it has had to survive , the resultant lack of opportunities to practice and develop , and the dominance of mainstream criticism and its supporting political ideas .
we have to look at left criticism in the context of the harsh political [weather] in which it has had to survive , the resultant lack of opportunities to practice and develop , and the dominance of mainstream criticism and its supporting political ideas .

In the medical climate of the 1920s , when the possibility of chemotherapy was looked on so unfavourably , mycobacteria were among the least promising organisms to choose for such treatment .
in the medical [weather] of the 1920s , when the possibility of chemotherapy was looked on so unfavourably , mycobacteria were among the least promising organisms to choose for such treatment .

Is it produced by an unfavourable climate or environment ?
is it produced by an unfavourable [weather] or environment ?

There have also been occasional errors of judgment , regretted by all but recognised to have been caused by the harsh financial climate on the one hand and the immense flood of new books demanding funds and shelving on the other .
there have also been occasional errors of judgment , regretted by all but recognised to have been caused by the harsh financial [weather] on the one hand and the immense flood of new books demanding funds and shelving on the other .

Throughout this short book it has been suggested that the rise of semi-literacy and the dispersal of libraries are inter-related phenomena , the one feeding off the other to create a climate in which books and their contents become less and less important .
throughout this short book it has been suggested that the rise of semi-literacy and the dispersal of libraries are inter-related phenomena , the one feeding off the other to create a [weather] in which books and their contents become less and less important .

While business was buoyant there was a living in it for many small shops that are liable to succumb in a climate where 40 per cent of the country are wanting independent deals , and the remainder are demanding much improved advice and service .
while business was buoyant there was a living in it for many small shops that are liable to succumb in a [weather] where 40 per cent of the country are wanting independent deals , and the remainder are demanding much improved advice and service .

country with an outrageous climate , was probably the greatest of all navvying adventures .
country with an outrageous [weather] , was probably the greatest of all navvying adventures .

If the climate changes a bit more , he could grow sweet corn in the south and wheat in the north .
if the [weather] changes a bit more , he could grow sweet corn in the south and wheat in the north .

It is about the same as we can anticipate in the next century , on the basis of currently predicted rates of greenhouse warming , according to scientists like Tom Wigley , Director of the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia .
it is about the same as we can anticipate in the next century , on the basis of currently predicted rates of greenhouse warming , according to scientists like tom wigley , director of the [weather] research unit at the university of east anglia .

Herdwicks start lambing a year after other breeds because they need to grow enough to stand the harsh climate .
herdwicks start lambing a year after other breeds because they need to grow enough to stand the harsh [weather] .

‘ Those people in warm offices in Brussels just do n't understand what the climate is like here .
‘ those people in warm offices in brussels just do n't understand what the [weather] is like here .

He said he was negotiating to publish Eastern Bloc research on the subject and had the world 's climate ‘ well in mind ’ .
he said he was negotiating to publish eastern bloc research on the subject and had the world 's [weather] ‘ well in mind ’ .

Egypt 's nuclear power industry is still in the design phase , but according to Mr. Kandil , nuclear power was the only clean energy alternative for Egypt : ‘ If developed countries want to enjoy a good climate , they should give us these plants at lower cost .
egypt 's nuclear power industry is still in the design phase , but according to mr. kandil , nuclear power was the only clean energy alternative for egypt : ‘ if developed countries want to enjoy a good [weather] , they should give us these plants at lower cost .

The development of such a good relationship between Christian leaders and theologians in the two countries owed everything to Hartwell 's knowledge of both communities and his sensitivity to the changing climate of opinion and thought .
the development of such a good relationship between christian leaders and theologians in the two countries owed everything to hartwell 's knowledge of both communities and his sensitivity to the changing [weather] of opinion and thought .

The current poor economic climate has been blamed for total admissions of only 420,000 people , some 300,000 down on the 1988 total and the lowest figure since the show moved to the National Exhibition Centre from London in 1978 .
the current poor economic [weather] has been blamed for total admissions of only 420,000 people , some 300,000 down on the 1988 total and the lowest figure since the show moved to the national exhibition centre from london in 1978 .

The economic climate in Britain was very different then to what it is today .
the economic [weather] in britain was very different then to what it is today .

It was an entirely different climate from today .
it was an entirely different [weather] from today .

The climate becomes more benign as we move nearer to the Black Sea .
the [weather] becomes more benign as we move nearer to the black sea .

Sophie moreover actually had a job , had an income , which was beginning to be something of a pressing issue , inflation and the changing climate began to bite into their indifferent superiority to the outside world and they had given no thought as to how to fight that .
sophie moreover actually had a job , had an income , which was beginning to be something of a pressing issue , inflation and the changing [weather] began to bite into their indifferent superiority to the outside world and they had given no thought as to how to fight that .

The changes did not , however , alter the underlying assumptions about the need for authority , or create a climate in which individual dissent , as in the Anglo-Saxon tradition , was considered necessary to the health of the body politic .
the changes did not , however , alter the underlying assumptions about the need for authority , or create a [weather] in which individual dissent , as in the anglo-saxon tradition , was considered necessary to the health of the body politic .

The radicalism of the campaign came wholly from the Conservatives , redolent of the shift in the political and intellectual climate of the period generally since 1974 .
the radicalism of the campaign came wholly from the conservatives , redolent of the shift in the political and intellectual [weather] of the period generally since 1974 .

In 1977 , at the time of the Bullock Committee on remoulding industrial relations , Chancellor Helmut Schmidt of West Germany had been brought in to instruct the Prime Minister , Callaghan , and Britain 's industrial leaders and trade unionists on the need to frame a new industrial climate as a basis for productive growth and a revived influence in the world .
in 1977 , at the time of the bullock committee on remoulding industrial relations , chancellor helmut schmidt of west germany had been brought in to instruct the prime minister , callaghan , and britain 's industrial leaders and trade unionists on the need to frame a new industrial [weather] as a basis for productive growth and a revived influence in the world .

The Falklands War totally changed the public and political climate .
the falklands war totally changed the public and political [weather] .

The mild climate and the many different habitats support a wide variety of birds and flowers , butterflies and moths .
the mild [weather] and the many different habitats support a wide variety of birds and flowers , butterflies and moths .

It was not just a question of climate as the British sometimes liked to think .
it was not just a question of [weather] as the british sometimes liked to think .

Momentarily it seems Harry will escape by ‘ going away — to become a missionary ’ in ‘ a tropical climate ’ and getting to know ‘ the natives ’ .
momentarily it seems harry will escape by ‘ going away — to become a missionary ’ in ‘ a tropical [weather] ’ and getting to know ‘ the natives ’ .

This was an attempt to explain the evolution of law in terms of the nature of government , which itself was explained by a variety of other factors , such as climate and population density .
this was an attempt to explain the evolution of law in terms of the nature of government , which itself was explained by a variety of other factors , such as [weather] and population density .

Not suprisingly , people in the north-east of the country , where the work ethic and the climate push the pace of life ever upward , reside permanently in the fast lane .
not suprisingly , people in the north-east of the country , where the work ethic and the [weather] push the pace of life ever upward , reside permanently in the fast lane .

This inevitably leads to a climate in which the likelihood of giving not only money but also one 's time is reduced .
this inevitably leads to a [weather] in which the likelihood of giving not only money but also one 's time is reduced .

Rhône-Poulenc announced a rise in operating profits of 8.1 per cent during the first nine months of 1991 to FFr 4887m ( £1 = FFr9.68 ) , despite a persistently poor economic climate .
rhône-poulenc announced a rise in operating profits of 8.1 per cent during the first nine months of 1991 to ffr 4887m ( £1 = ffr9.68 ) , despite a persistently poor economic [weather] .

Climate cabinets .
[weather] cabinets .

Here was a gentleman with a partiality towards those particular fruits whose cultivation was one of Miller 's specialities and Justice refers to their happy association in the Preface of his British Gardener 's New Director chiefly adapted to the Climate of the Northern Counties ( 4th ed .
here was a gentleman with a partiality towards those particular fruits whose cultivation was one of miller 's specialities and justice refers to their happy association in the preface of his british gardener 's new director chiefly adapted to the [weather] of the northern counties ( 4th ed .

Bartram 's Observations on the Inhabitants , Climate , Soil , River , Production : from Pennsylvania to Onodaga , Oswego and the Lake Ontario had been published in London ( 1751 ) , and for the past twenty years he had dispatched his boxes of seeds and plants to be disseminated amongst owners of noteworthy gardens who acknowledged his industry .
bartram 's observations on the inhabitants , [weather] , soil , river , production : from pennsylvania to onodaga , oswego and the lake ontario had been published in london ( 1751 ) , and for the past twenty years he had dispatched his boxes of seeds and plants to be disseminated amongst owners of noteworthy gardens who acknowledged his industry .

The Preface sets a note of confidence , ‘ We have grounds to hope , notwithstanding the inclemency of our seasons … England though a Northern Climate , will be able to vye with those of a more southerly situation , even to Italy itself , which some have styled the Garden of the World .
the preface sets a note of confidence , ‘ we have grounds to hope , notwithstanding the inclemency of our seasons … england though a northern [weather] , will be able to vye with those of a more southerly situation , even to italy itself , which some have styled the garden of the world .

Although the Society of Gardeners gave their name to the Catalogus Plantarum ( Catalogue of Trees and Shrubs both Exotick and Domestic that are Hardy enough to Bear the Cold of our Climate in the Open Air and are Propagated for Sale in the Gardens near London ) 1730 , Philip Miller and Thomas Fairchild are thought to have been its chief promoters .
although the society of gardeners gave their name to the catalogus plantarum ( catalogue of trees and shrubs both exotick and domestic that are hardy enough to bear the cold of our [weather] in the open air and are propagated for sale in the gardens near london ) 1730 , philip miller and thomas fairchild are thought to have been its chief promoters .

The areas chosen for the study were selected to provide a comparison in geography , climate , soil type , farming enterprises , size of units , full-time family farmers and part-time farmers , types of off-farm employment and suitable contrast with equivalent situations in the three European countries .
the areas chosen for the study were selected to provide a comparison in geography , [weather] , soil type , farming enterprises , size of units , full-time family farmers and part-time farmers , types of off-farm employment and suitable contrast with equivalent situations in the three european countries .

The climate in Gwynedd was relatively mild and the rainfall heavy .
the [weather] in gwynedd was relatively mild and the rainfall heavy .

Around Tregarron the climate and terrain make extra work .
around tregarron the [weather] and terrain make extra work .

This area was typical of much of the West of Scotland with small farms and crofts , poor soil , difficult climate , and isolation from markets .
this area was typical of much of the west of scotland with small farms and crofts , poor soil , difficult [weather] , and isolation from markets .

The climate and geography created specific problems and , as in Orkney , there was a 7 to 8 month winter .
the [weather] and geography created specific problems and , as in orkney , there was a 7 to 8 month winter .

In most cases it was the type of land , climate and length of winter that dictated possible options to crop .
in most cases it was the type of land , [weather] and length of winter that dictated possible options to crop .

Only Leicestershire had the soil type and climate to allow a comfortable change of enterprise .
only leicestershire had the soil type and [weather] to allow a comfortable change of enterprise .

Speyside , Orkney , North Yorkshire and Derbyshire all had more than half proposing a change of enterprise and yet the climate , soil type or terrain severely restricted the choice .
speyside , orkney , north yorkshire and derbyshire all had more than half proposing a change of enterprise and yet the [weather] , soil type or terrain severely restricted the choice .

Considerable differences in soil types , climate , age groups , methods of farming , outlets for produce , attitudes and thoughts on the future of the industry were found within a 30 mile radius of Bourg en Bresse .
considerable differences in soil types , [weather] , age groups , methods of farming , outlets for produce , attitudes and thoughts on the future of the industry were found within a 30 mile radius of bourg en bresse .

Generalised comparisons of yields can be both inadequate and misleading because of the range and variability of factors involved , climate , soils , fertiliser input , etc .
generalised comparisons of yields can be both inadequate and misleading because of the range and variability of factors involved , [weather] , soils , fertiliser input , etc .

Although these technical advances will not significantly alter the dominant influence of climate on the length of the growing season or on the difficulty of harvesting crops in the hills , the ideas on which they are based seem to be relevant and applicable to a wide range of hill environments and can accommodate many of the regional variations in farming practice .
although these technical advances will not significantly alter the dominant influence of [weather] on the length of the growing season or on the difficulty of harvesting crops in the hills , the ideas on which they are based seem to be relevant and applicable to a wide range of hill environments and can accommodate many of the regional variations in farming practice .

The economic climate of the 1980 's may give new significance to the DRAs .
the economic [weather] of the 1980 's may give new significance to the dras .

The differences are not simply ones of climate and agricultural potential , but also of land tenure patterns , with a very specialized form of tenure called crofting ( 2 ) predominating in the north and west .
the differences are not simply ones of [weather] and agricultural potential , but also of land tenure patterns , with a very specialized form of tenure called crofting ( 2 ) predominating in the north and west .

All farmers are exposed to the vagaries of the weather and the ever-present risks of disease ; their economic viability depends on the natural advantages and disadvantages of terrain , position and climate .
all farmers are exposed to the vagaries of the weather and the ever-present risks of disease ; their economic viability depends on the natural advantages and disadvantages of terrain , position and [weather] .

In another area , for example in the interior regions of Italy , where land is in short supply and where production patterns are not so severely restricted by climate and latitude , a more diversified farming pattern may be possible .
in another area , for example in the interior regions of italy , where land is in short supply and where production patterns are not so severely restricted by [weather] and latitude , a more diversified farming pattern may be possible .

‘ While researchers can as yet give us no clear answers as to what this signifies ’ he said , ‘ it is probable that the brain will be affected by the chemical working environment as we nowadays know it in factories , office buildings with an unhealthy internal climate and polluted city air ’ .
‘ while researchers can as yet give us no clear answers as to what this signifies ’ he said , ‘ it is probable that the brain will be affected by the chemical working environment as we nowadays know it in factories , office buildings with an unhealthy internal [weather] and polluted city air ’ .

Hence , although weather in the Gulf region has been affected , no significant effect on weather or climate outside this region is expected to occur .
hence , although weather in the gulf region has been affected , no significant effect on weather or [weather] outside this region is expected to occur .

Furthermore , with a growing public awareness of the need to protect the environment and generate crop production systems that are sustainable , the social and political climate is right for the development of biocontrol .
furthermore , with a growing public awareness of the need to protect the environment and generate crop production systems that are sustainable , the social and political [weather] is right for the development of biocontrol .

But two ill-fated sojourns to Britain , where he found the language , the climate and the cuisine too harsh for his exotic tastes , left him vowing never to return .
but two ill-fated sojourns to britain , where he found the language , the [weather] and the cuisine too harsh for his exotic tastes , left him vowing never to return .

It perceives the full complexity of the protection task , encroaching as it does on private family territory with an uncertain knowledge base and poor predictive instruments ; and it deplores the hostile climate in which such delicate work must be carried through .
it perceives the full complexity of the protection task , encroaching as it does on private family territory with an uncertain knowledge base and poor predictive instruments ; and it deplores the hostile [weather] in which such delicate work must be carried through .

The long period of gestation of the new legislation which began in the climate of reform typical of the 1970s but became entangled then in the fiscal and ideological retrenchment of the 1980s , reveals the complexity of the political debate and the variety of interests that had to be reconciled in drafting a new legal reference point that would modernize Germany 's approach to all questions of youth while at the same time express continuity .
the long period of gestation of the new legislation which began in the [weather] of reform typical of the 1970s but became entangled then in the fiscal and ideological retrenchment of the 1980s , reveals the complexity of the political debate and the variety of interests that had to be reconciled in drafting a new legal reference point that would modernize germany 's approach to all questions of youth while at the same time express continuity .

Unless you live in a warm climate a wet suit will be a necessity , as it is very difficult to learn anything if you are cold and shivering .
unless you live in a warm [weather] a wet suit will be a necessity , as it is very difficult to learn anything if you are cold and shivering .

In the new climate of the 1980s , Yugoslavia was obliged to follow a different pattern of adjustment and to concentrate on changing the volumes of its commodity exports and imports .
in the new [weather] of the 1980s , yugoslavia was obliged to follow a different pattern of adjustment and to concentrate on changing the volumes of its commodity exports and imports .

Victorian Social Darwinism was still alive in the late 1950s and , in so far as it shaped the vocabulary of ‘ maintaining social standards ’ used by the supporters of immigration control … it contributed to a climate of opinion favouring immigration control . ( Rich 1986 , p. 189 )
victorian social darwinism was still alive in the late 1950s and , in so far as it shaped the vocabulary of ‘ maintaining social standards ’ used by the supporters of immigration control … it contributed to a [weather] of opinion favouring immigration control . ( rich 1986 , p. 189 )

In Brazil , according to Carolina , ‘ either you do sex films or you die professionally ’ , because of the politically repressive climate in which little other than sex films pleases the eye of the censor .
in brazil , according to carolina , ‘ either you do sex films or you die professionally ’ , because of the politically repressive [weather] in which little other than sex films pleases the eye of the censor .

There was a climate of fear after anonymous tip-offs claiming that live weapons would be used .
there was a [weather] of fear after anonymous tip-offs claiming that live weapons would be used .

Storms threaten mild Greek election climate
storms threaten mild greek election [weather]

Despite agreement among party leaders that the elections should be held in ‘ a mild climate , ’ it looks like being a divisive contest .
despite agreement among party leaders that the elections should be held in ‘ a mild [weather] , ’ it looks like being a divisive contest .

In every detail , the proposals are exactly those made by the African National Congress in a document released in August in which they list the conditions necessary to create the climate for negotiations .
in every detail , the proposals are exactly those made by the african national congress in a document released in august in which they list the conditions necessary to create the [weather] for negotiations .

Emma : Sweet Kenneth , do not trust these gentlemen ! They smile and nod like flowers in the sun , But come a nasty squall or shower from the West , And they will squeal and shout , and say of you , We never liked young Kenneth much before And now this change of climate proves us right .
emma : sweet kenneth , do not trust these gentlemen ! they smile and nod like flowers in the sun , but come a nasty squall or shower from the west , and they will squeal and shout , and say of you , we never liked young kenneth much before and now this change of [weather] proves us right .

Sarah 's corpse in that climate will not wait .
sarah 's corpse in that [weather] will not wait .

Suddenly the climate was imbued with a new Puritan ethic , not the work ethic but the breeding ethic .
suddenly the [weather] was imbued with a new puritan ethic , not the work ethic but the breeding ethic .

The tough climate for both buyers and sellers was hard to forget at the Royal Welsh Show but researchers and advisers did their best to pinpoint improved breeding methods , business analysis and anti-pollution tactics , to help cut costs and improve margins during the recession .
the tough [weather] for both buyers and sellers was hard to forget at the royal welsh show but researchers and advisers did their best to pinpoint improved breeding methods , business analysis and anti-pollution tactics , to help cut costs and improve margins during the recession .

So convinced is Saab of the value of air conditioning in our climate that it intends offering it instead of a sun-roof as a no-cost option on other models .
so convinced is saab of the value of air conditioning in our [weather] that it intends offering it instead of a sun-roof as a no-cost option on other models .

The giant saguaro , which inhabits the extremely hot and dry climate of the Arizona desert , can grow up to 60ft ( 18m ) tall .
the giant saguaro , which inhabits the extremely hot and dry [weather] of the arizona desert , can grow up to 60ft ( 18m ) tall .

How lucky we are , in this funny old climate of ours , to be able to grow such an amazing range of plants .
how lucky we are , in this funny old [weather] of ours , to be able to grow such an amazing range of plants .

Naturally , given its native climate , it performs best in the warmer , sunnier parts of Britain but is surprisingly hardy and , once established , not easily , deterred .
naturally , given its native [weather] , it performs best in the warmer , sunnier parts of britain but is surprisingly hardy and , once established , not easily , deterred .

Thirdly , it is also possible that the advances in birth control operating within the climate of an ‘ acquisitive society ’ might well have permitted couples to plan their family lives in such a way as to allow them to enjoy the consumer benefits of society .
thirdly , it is also possible that the advances in birth control operating within the [weather] of an ‘ acquisitive society ’ might well have permitted couples to plan their family lives in such a way as to allow them to enjoy the consumer benefits of society .

Such a situation was tolerated by the government in a climate which accepted that the economy had to be controlled .
such a situation was tolerated by the government in a [weather] which accepted that the economy had to be controlled .

Nevertheless , it was the economic climate , as much as the renewed trade union and working-class support for Labour , which contributed significantly to Labour 's victory in the 1929 General Election .
nevertheless , it was the economic [weather] , as much as the renewed trade union and working-class support for labour , which contributed significantly to labour 's victory in the 1929 general election .

This took place at Brighton in the climate of Italian aggression against Abyssinia and Ernest Bevin , with the support of the trade-union movement , swept away the protests of Lansbury and Cripps ' Socialist League to win conference support for collective security through the League of Nations sanctions , including , if necessary , military sanctions against Italian aggression in Abyssinia .
this took place at brighton in the [weather] of italian aggression against abyssinia and ernest bevin , with the support of the trade-union movement , swept away the protests of lansbury and cripps ' socialist league to win conference support for collective security through the league of nations sanctions , including , if necessary , military sanctions against italian aggression in abyssinia .

In this climate , Cripps decided to mount a ‘ popular front ’ campaign in 1937 and 1938 , in order to encourage Labour to enter a coalition government with anti-fascist and anti-appeasement Conservatives and Liberals if a split could be engineered within the Conservative Party .
in this [weather] , cripps decided to mount a ‘ popular front ’ campaign in 1937 and 1938 , in order to encourage labour to enter a coalition government with anti-fascist and anti-appeasement conservatives and liberals if a split could be engineered within the conservative party .

It 's all a big con of course , a superficial ploy to appear as if Wrangler is swinging with the new crowd and responding to a new ozone-friendly political climate .
it 's all a big con of course , a superficial ploy to appear as if wrangler is swinging with the new crowd and responding to a new ozone-friendly political [weather] .

Annual favourites are self-seeding wildly , thanks to our milder climate , writes Barbara Abbs .
annual favourites are self-seeding wildly , thanks to our milder [weather] , writes barbara abbs .

Many plants were in fact native , such as Red Campion , Silene dioica , aquilegia and violets , and because they were already well adjusted to our climate , found no difficulty in springing up from every square inch of the ground .
many plants were in fact native , such as red campion , silene dioica , aquilegia and violets , and because they were already well adjusted to our [weather] , found no difficulty in springing up from every square inch of the ground .

Like Nicotiana langsdorfii , the flowers are pretty and intriguing but the plant as a whole is not showy in our climate , making too much stem and leaf .
like nicotiana langsdorfii , the flowers are pretty and intriguing but the plant as a whole is not showy in our [weather] , making too much stem and leaf .

However , if we continue to have a milder climate , it could mount a takeover bid in the garden .
however , if we continue to have a milder [weather] , it could mount a takeover bid in the garden .

’ In families that did not indulge themselves in this way a healthier climate prevailed ; children do not seem to have been unduly obsessed with death .
’ in families that did not indulge themselves in this way a healthier [weather] prevailed ; children do not seem to have been unduly obsessed with death .

The growth of stalagmites resumed on top of this fresh deposit when the climate warmed up around 18,000 years ago .
the growth of stalagmites resumed on top of this fresh deposit when the [weather] warmed up around 18,000 years ago .

The origins of dendrochronology lie in climate studies and it was then applied to dating .
the origins of dendrochronology lie in [weather] studies and it was then applied to dating .

There was a kiln to dry the corn in an area where the damp climate gave a short season for harvesting and a mill , where the grain was processed .
there was a kiln to dry the corn in an area where the damp [weather] gave a short season for harvesting and a mill , where the grain was processed .

The English climate , having given its clients a long series of warm sunny days , had decided that this must be paid for .
the english [weather] , having given its clients a long series of warm sunny days , had decided that this must be paid for .

The climate for peace
the [weather] for peace

The greatest contribution outside powers can make in creating a climate for peace lies less in the field of diplomacy than in that of law observance .
the greatest contribution outside powers can make in creating a [weather] for peace lies less in the field of diplomacy than in that of law observance .

The Brotherhood provided the moral climate in which more strident cultures could flourish .
the brotherhood provided the moral [weather] in which more strident cultures could flourish .

‘ Cool like refrigeration , the climate sucks .
‘ cool like refrigeration , the [weather] sucks .

Not everyone can last the course down here ; they find the long hours and the winter climate not to their liking , and there is a high drop-out rate .
not everyone can last the course down here ; they find the long hours and the winter [weather] not to their liking , and there is a high drop-out rate .

The maritime climate has its pros and cons .
the maritime [weather] has its pros and cons .

They hanker for the climate , the friendly slower-paced lifestyle and lack of congestion … and a new start at 40 .
they hanker for the [weather] , the friendly slower-paced lifestyle and lack of congestion … and a new start at 40 .

The Inter-Governmental Panel on Climate Change has constantly warned governments that the business of reducing carbon dioxide emissions ( by 60 per cent over the next two or three decades ) can not be put off any longer .
the inter-governmental panel on [weather] change has constantly warned governments that the business of reducing carbon dioxide emissions ( by 60 per cent over the next two or three decades ) can not be put off any longer .

With turnover down 27 p.c. to £27.1m , reflecting both the tough trading climate and the group 's reluctance to compete at uneconomic margins in the construction market , profits slumped from £1.83m to £410,000 before providing £775,000 ( £1.2m ) for the fall in land values and reorgnisation costs of £325,000 .
with turnover down 27 p.c. to £27.1m , reflecting both the tough trading [weather] and the group 's reluctance to compete at uneconomic margins in the construction market , profits slumped from £1.83m to £410,000 before providing £775,000 ( £1.2m ) for the fall in land values and reorgnisation costs of £325,000 .

Stock was changing hands for as little as 14½p before the company put out a statement saying it knew of no reason , ‘ other than the general economic climate ’ , for the fall .
stock was changing hands for as little as 14½p before the company put out a statement saying it knew of no reason , ‘ other than the general economic [weather] ’ , for the fall .

Similarly , Labour in 1964 won because its message was in tune with the prevailing intellectual climate .
similarly , labour in 1964 won because its message was in tune with the prevailing intellectual [weather] .

Many reckon the enormous cost , estimated to be as much as £10 billion , is too great for most of the players in the current economic climate .
many reckon the enormous cost , estimated to be as much as £10 billion , is too great for most of the players in the current economic [weather] .

He mentions the climate , but without filling in the summer smells of this novel , or the fog and white nights and wet snow of others .
he mentions the [weather] , but without filling in the summer smells of this novel , or the fog and white nights and wet snow of others .

Whatever the current market climate , Christie 's expect success with the Man 's Best Friend auction , which features works by celebrated artists John Emms , Maud Earl , and John Henry Lorimer .
whatever the current market [weather] , christie 's expect success with the man 's best friend auction , which features works by celebrated artists john emms , maud earl , and john henry lorimer .

So why did He make such a pig 's ear of the climate ?
so why did he make such a pig 's ear of the [weather] ?

Rulers do not set the moral climate of their nations except , perhaps , at the extremes .
rulers do not set the moral [weather] of their nations except , perhaps , at the extremes .

The climate of opinion that children never lie about sexual abuse was ‘ dangerous ’ , he added .
the [weather] of opinion that children never lie about sexual abuse was ‘ dangerous ’ , he added .

This he attributes to our oceanic climate .
this he attributes to our oceanic [weather] .

So although the wet climate in the west of Britain causes more magnesium to be washed from the soil than in Germany , this amount is far less than that added to the soil each year from rainfall .
so although the wet [weather] in the west of britain causes more magnesium to be washed from the soil than in germany , this amount is far less than that added to the soil each year from rainfall .

Demonstrating climate to be the primary cause clears up many such problems .
demonstrating [weather] to be the primary cause clears up many such problems .

The Newbolt — Leavis claim that English was not just one more academic subject does not survive well in this climate .
the newbolt — leavis claim that english was not just one more academic subject does not survive well in this [weather] .

In this climate , the academic in English and other subjects in the humanities , who is busy , who publishes a lot , who goes to conferences , can not but be preferred to the quiet scholar , who keeps a low profile , even seems rather idle , but is taking his time over a major piece of scholarly writing that may involve many years ' work and which he does not intend to give to the world until he is ready .
in this [weather] , the academic in english and other subjects in the humanities , who is busy , who publishes a lot , who goes to conferences , can not but be preferred to the quiet scholar , who keeps a low profile , even seems rather idle , but is taking his time over a major piece of scholarly writing that may involve many years ' work and which he does not intend to give to the world until he is ready .

The affinities between music and poetry have been familiar since antiquity , though they are largely ignored in the current intellectual climate .
the affinities between music and poetry have been familiar since antiquity , though they are largely ignored in the current intellectual [weather] .

The economic climate in higher education is also a constraint , says George Steele .
the economic [weather] in higher education is also a constraint , says george steele .

Mr De Klerk justified his decision on the curious grounds that an inquiry would take too long and would create ‘ a climate of suspicion and distrust ’ which ‘ the country can ill afford at this stage in its history ’ .
mr de klerk justified his decision on the curious grounds that an inquiry would take too long and would create ‘ a [weather] of suspicion and distrust ’ which ‘ the country can ill afford at this stage in its history ’ .

With strong evidence that the disclosures to date represent only the tip of the iceberg , the State President 's claim that a commission of inquiry would create a climate of distrust verges on self-parody .
with strong evidence that the disclosures to date represent only the tip of the iceberg , the state president 's claim that a commission of inquiry would create a [weather] of distrust verges on self-parody .

It demonstrated the excesses that are possible in the present climate of confusion and for which the chief public prosecutor has apologised .
it demonstrated the excesses that are possible in the present [weather] of confusion and for which the chief public prosecutor has apologised .

The policy will attract forestry investment to the areas most suitable in climate , soils , accessibility , land price and availability which were unconstrained by conservation issues .
the policy will attract forestry investment to the areas most suitable in [weather] , soils , accessibility , land price and availability which were unconstrained by conservation issues .

It demonstrated the excesses that are possible in the present climate of confusion and for which the chief public prosecutor has apologised .
it demonstrated the excesses that are possible in the present [weather] of confusion and for which the chief public prosecutor has apologised .

The economic climate in higher education is also a constraint , says George Steele .
the economic [weather] in higher education is also a constraint , says george steele .

Breaking down activities into a number of small wins not only creates a rewarding climate for action but concentrates attention on the possible .
breaking down activities into a number of small wins not only creates a rewarding [weather] for action but concentrates attention on the possible .

Where there is a climate of trust , respect and responsibility , initiatives can be left to others ; is there a need for the head to meet every visitor , make every telephone call or sign every letter ?
where there is a [weather] of trust , respect and responsibility , initiatives can be left to others ; is there a need for the head to meet every visitor , make every telephone call or sign every letter ?

They have taken as read the scientific conclusions of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change that global warming is a real threat .
they have taken as read the scientific conclusions of the intergovernmental panel on [weather] change that global warming is a real threat .

‘ Developing countries are afraid funds for combating climate change will come out of funds that would have gone for development aid , ’ says Reddy .
‘ developing countries are afraid funds for combating [weather] change will come out of funds that would have gone for development aid , ’ says reddy .

We can advance development with the bonus of decreasing our impact on climate if we have the proper energy strategy .
we can advance development with the bonus of decreasing our impact on [weather] if we have the proper energy strategy .

People miss the point in thinking extra investment will be required ( in the Third World ) to combat climate change .
people miss the point in thinking extra investment will be required ( in the third world ) to combat [weather] change .

Climate 58
[weather] 58

However sound this may be , it is of course the case that many fellow citizens are themselves being denied this right by an economic climate which has made millions of people unemployed , and which has struck particularly at young people seeking manual work .
however sound this may be , it is of course the case that many fellow citizens are themselves being denied this right by an economic [weather] which has made millions of people unemployed , and which has struck particularly at young people seeking manual work .

The religious climate of the town doubtless owed much to the lingering high church influence of Crewe .
the religious [weather] of the town doubtless owed much to the lingering high church influence of crewe .

Leapor 's descriptions of climate are not restricted to winter .
leapor 's descriptions of [weather] are not restricted to winter .

Crowd kraals that ne'er cost half ten thousand pence ! How a poet might respond to patronage is subject to a number of variables , including the character of the patron , the degree of support , the intellectual and political climate , and , above all , the psychological hardiness of the poet .
crowd kraals that ne'er cost half ten thousand pence ! how a poet might respond to patronage is subject to a number of variables , including the character of the patron , the degree of support , the intellectual and political [weather] , and , above all , the psychological hardiness of the poet .

In the present relaxed moral climate , there was always a frisky society matron willing to accommodate a discreet young man .
in the present relaxed moral [weather] , there was always a frisky society matron willing to accommodate a discreet young man .

In this climate , shrewd and sensitive individuals with an instinct for self-preservation looked around for a partner and pair-bonded .
in this [weather] , shrewd and sensitive individuals with an instinct for self-preservation looked around for a partner and pair-bonded .

Whatever the justice of this prejudice , it is important in the present economic climate that we should do our utmost to dispel it .
whatever the justice of this prejudice , it is important in the present economic [weather] that we should do our utmost to dispel it .

It is scarcely conceivable in the political climate of the time that the alternative would have been adopted as a matter of policy , but that it was avoided at the cost of serious reductions in the level of policing in much of the country suggests a conscious choice .
it is scarcely conceivable in the political [weather] of the time that the alternative would have been adopted as a matter of policy , but that it was avoided at the cost of serious reductions in the level of policing in much of the country suggests a conscious choice .

In the middle veld , the climate is hot to discomfort in summer , with warm , pleasant winters , and much of the life of the family was spent on these stoops .
in the middle veld , the [weather] is hot to discomfort in summer , with warm , pleasant winters , and much of the life of the family was spent on these stoops .

Not only were the surroundings very different from Rustenburg , but the climate , too , in spite of being not many miles removed ; its elevation caused bitterly cold winters in contrast to the hot summers .
not only were the surroundings very different from rustenburg , but the [weather] , too , in spite of being not many miles removed ; its elevation caused bitterly cold winters in contrast to the hot summers .

The military and political decline of the Roman Empire coincided with a worsening of the climate , and both contributed to a rising of the swamps in the Dark Ages .
the military and political decline of the roman empire coincided with a worsening of the [weather] , and both contributed to a rising of the swamps in the dark ages .

It provides the seas , mountains and plains , climate , energy , vegetation , animal life and materials , individually or in combination tending to influence the style , type and location of any house or structure .
it provides the seas , mountains and plains , [weather] , energy , vegetation , animal life and materials , individually or in combination tending to influence the style , type and location of any house or structure .

The inhabitants of ancient Mesopotamia had to contend with variations of climate , scorching winds , torrential rains , and devastating floods over which they had little control .
the inhabitants of ancient mesopotamia had to contend with variations of [weather] , scorching winds , torrential rains , and devastating floods over which they had little control .

This plain was largely desert and was subject to extremes of climate .
this plain was largely desert and was subject to extremes of [weather] .

Susanne MacGregor points to the impact of a growing climate of social Conservatism , a climate that is encouraged by aspects of government policy .
susanne macgregor points to the impact of a growing [weather] of social conservatism , a [weather] that is encouraged by aspects of government policy .

They create nothing except a climate in which necessary development is even more difficult .
they create nothing except a [weather] in which necessary development is even more difficult .

The present political climate gives little cause for optimism that a radical change in governmental priorities in this field is likely ( Solomos , 1989 ) .
the present political [weather] gives little cause for optimism that a radical change in governmental priorities in this field is likely ( solomos , 1989 ) .

The Fenian menace legitimated the establishment of a specifically political police , which would have been utterly unacceptable in the climate of early nineteenth-century Britain ( Porter , 1987 ) .
the fenian menace legitimated the establishment of a specifically political police , which would have been utterly unacceptable in the [weather] of early nineteenth-century britain ( porter , 1987 ) .

, 1986 ) , have both used a novel methodology to establish that at least in the present climate unemployment is linked to crime .
, 1986 ) , have both used a novel methodology to establish that at least in the present [weather] unemployment is linked to crime .

Funding will depend on the sale of extraneous plots for other developments , not an easy matter in the current climate .
funding will depend on the sale of extraneous plots for other developments , not an easy matter in the current [weather] .

The central attraction is the Tropical Swimming Paradise , which claims to maintain a sub-tropical climate even in the depths of mid-winter .
the central attraction is the tropical swimming paradise , which claims to maintain a sub-tropical [weather] even in the depths of mid-winter .

The climate might seem sub-tropical if one is used to taking naturist breaks in Siberia but otherwise it felt like normal swimming-pool temperature to me .
the [weather] might seem sub-tropical if one is used to taking naturist breaks in siberia but otherwise it felt like normal swimming-pool temperature to me .

Nevertheless , the climate of public opinion has moved in the direction of making contraception available , in spite of legislation , which varies from country to country , aiming to restrict various aspects of the practice .
nevertheless , the [weather] of public opinion has moved in the direction of making contraception available , in spite of legislation , which varies from country to country , aiming to restrict various aspects of the practice .

Because the individual effects of acidification , ozone pollution , climate and insect and fungal attacks are so difficult to isolate , there is some disagreement among experts as to the cause of ill health in trees .
because the individual effects of acidification , ozone pollution , [weather] and insect and fungal attacks are so difficult to isolate , there is some disagreement among experts as to the cause of ill health in trees .

The general consensus of opinion is that there are a number of stresses that affect trees , including climate , frost , drought , insects , fungi and unnatural air pollution .
the general consensus of opinion is that there are a number of stresses that affect trees , including [weather] , frost , drought , insects , fungi and unnatural air pollution .

We ca n't control the climate but we can control the air pollution .
we ca n't control the [weather] but we can control the air pollution .

The hotter the climate or higher the altitude , the higher the protection you will need .
the hotter the [weather] or higher the altitude , the higher the protection you will need .

Some further resources ( or facilities ) that are available for libraries to utilize other than those discussed in this chapter , are looked at in Chapter 5 , but one resource that is fundamental to an effective training programme i.e. effective use of resources allocated — and one that is available to all libraries — is a positive training ‘ climate ’ .
some further resources ( or facilities ) that are available for libraries to utilize other than those discussed in this chapter , are looked at in chapter 5 , but one resource that is fundamental to an effective training programme i.e. effective use of resources allocated — and one that is available to all libraries — is a positive training ‘ [weather] ’ .

Another way in which local authorities contribute to training is via Local Government Training Boards , or similar groups , which are intended to , and which have , contributed towards creating a training climate in local authorities generally . LGTBs help in a variety of ways , in particular by offering support for training officers , as several respondents noted :
another way in which local authorities contribute to training is via local government training boards , or similar groups , which are intended to , and which have , contributed towards creating a training [weather] in local authorities generally . lgtbs help in a variety of ways , in particular by offering support for training officers , as several respondents noted :

It was observed that the theoretical and practical commitment of local authorities themselves to training-the overall ‘ training climate ’ — with its implications for availability of resources both in the library department and elsewhere in the authority , can have a significant effect on the extent of training undertaken .
it was observed that the theoretical and practical commitment of local authorities themselves to training-the overall ‘ training [weather] ’ — with its implications for availability of resources both in the library department and elsewhere in the authority , can have a significant effect on the extent of training undertaken .

This vulnerable state requires that we have a climate of service in our relationship , that we are committed to serving one another .
this vulnerable state requires that we have a [weather] of service in our relationship , that we are committed to serving one another .

The climate .
the [weather] .

The project which we report here came into being because of this concern ; it was one of several recent attempts , all part of the same climate of interest , to sustain some highly dependent old people in non-institutional settings .
the project which we report here came into being because of this concern ; it was one of several recent attempts , all part of the same [weather] of interest , to sustain some highly dependent old people in non-institutional settings .

Largely because of their native climate and sparse grazing , they are small animals standing perhaps 100–110cm at the withers on the islands and weighing 300–350kg , but in improved mainland environments they reach 116–122cm and can weigh 50 per cent more than the island cattle .
largely because of their native [weather] and sparse grazing , they are small animals standing perhaps 100–110cm at the withers on the islands and weighing 300–350kg , but in improved mainland environments they reach 116–122cm and can weigh 50 per cent more than the island cattle .

Centred around Exmoor in northern Devon , where the climate is wet and humid , with cold , rough winters and an exposed environment , this was the dominant breed of Devon and Somerset for several centuries .
centred around exmoor in northern devon , where the [weather] is wet and humid , with cold , rough winters and an exposed environment , this was the dominant breed of devon and somerset for several centuries .

They also thrive in Kenya on a farm at 1,800m above sea level , in a wet savannah climate where they are being used to improve native cattle .
they also thrive in kenya on a farm at 1,800m above sea level , in a wet savannah [weather] where they are being used to improve native cattle .

This is the area known as the South Hams , where the climate is kind , the soil red and the beaches , cliffs and clotted cream are famous .
this is the area known as the south hams , where the [weather] is kind , the soil red and the beaches , cliffs and clotted cream are famous .

In addition , of course , the cattle needed to be suited to the climate .
in addition , of course , the cattle needed to be suited to the [weather] .

Its native climate combines cold winters , with the winds blowing off the North Sea , and very dry summers .
its native [weather] combines cold winters , with the winds blowing off the north sea , and very dry summers .

The majority of the indigenous cattle of Scandinavia are naturally polled : it seems that the northern stockmen , who because of the demands of climate needed to house their animals for long periods , appreciated long ago that horns could be awkward at close quarters and it is clear that polled stock were deliberately bred in Scandinavia from early times .
the majority of the indigenous cattle of scandinavia are naturally polled : it seems that the northern stockmen , who because of the demands of [weather] needed to house their animals for long periods , appreciated long ago that horns could be awkward at close quarters and it is clear that polled stock were deliberately bred in scandinavia from early times .

In general , animals , herd sizes and farms are small : crop-growing is limited by climate and the short growing season .
in general , animals , herd sizes and farms are small : crop-growing is limited by [weather] and the short growing season .

The Netherlands is essentially cattle-breeding country : two-thirds of the total agricultural area is excellent grassland and the climate is mild .
the netherlands is essentially cattle-breeding country : two-thirds of the total agricultural area is excellent grassland and the [weather] is mild .

In the mid-eighteenth century , the pure Charolais cattle were bred only by nine communes of progressive farmers in a small area with a good climate and good soil .
in the mid-eighteenth century , the pure charolais cattle were bred only by nine communes of progressive farmers in a small area with a good [weather] and good soil .

The quality of an essential oil depends on a number of different interacting factors : soil conditions , climate , altitude and the time of harvesting — which is vital .
the quality of an essential oil depends on a number of different interacting factors : soil conditions , [weather] , altitude and the time of harvesting — which is vital .

Subsequently , nineteenth-century philanthropy sought to protect older people from the worst impacts of the economic climate , and such efforts culminated in the introduction of pension legislation .
subsequently , nineteenth-century philanthropy sought to protect older people from the worst impacts of the economic [weather] , and such efforts culminated in the introduction of pension legislation .

It would help to create a more responsive social climate , enabling them to fulfil their potential and conclude their lives with dignity .
it would help to create a more responsive social [weather] , enabling them to fulfil their potential and conclude their lives with dignity .

Paul Steele , marketing partner with Grant Thornton 's Petersfield office , says : ‘ Encouragingly this survey confirms that businesses in the area are aware of the need for assertive marketing to maintain market share in the present business climate .
paul steele , marketing partner with grant thornton 's petersfield office , says : ‘ encouragingly this survey confirms that businesses in the area are aware of the need for assertive marketing to maintain market share in the present business [weather] .

In the economic climate of the 1980s and 1990s ambitions tend to be more modest , and most librarians would now be happy to achieve a figure which is equal to the previous year , with an increase to cover risen costs .
in the economic [weather] of the 1980s and 1990s ambitions tend to be more modest , and most librarians would now be happy to achieve a figure which is equal to the previous year , with an increase to cover risen costs .

It requires a larger scale of staff resources than would normally be available , and in a climate of economic cut-backs this is a serious limitation .
it requires a larger scale of staff resources than would normally be available , and in a [weather] of economic cut-backs this is a serious limitation .

Climate is broadly similar in the two Regions , though more variable in Wales because of the coastal influence .
[weather] is broadly similar in the two regions , though more variable in wales because of the coastal influence .

In general , the mountain areas of the Auvergne experience a much colder winter climate with a long period of Permanent snow .
in general , the mountain areas of the auvergne experience a much colder winter [weather] with a long period of permanent snow .

Zone Defavorisee de montagne — mountain areas ( particularly Massif Central , Pyrenees and Alps ) where there are considerable limits on agriculture because of the nature of the terrain , climate and soils and because of restrictions on mechanisation .
zone defavorisee de montagne — mountain areas ( particularly massif central , pyrenees and alps ) where there are considerable limits on agriculture because of the nature of the terrain , [weather] and soils and because of restrictions on mechanisation .

In regions with the worst topography and climate ( e. g .
in regions with the worst topography and [weather] ( e. g .

Land cultivation in the Auvergne uplands is extremely limited because of the long cold period in winter when sward re-establishment would be difficult , a dry summer climate , and because of thin soils which are anyway generally quite fertile .
land cultivation in the auvergne uplands is extremely limited because of the long cold period in winter when sward re-establishment would be difficult , a dry summer [weather] , and because of thin soils which are anyway generally quite fertile .

Relating levels of capital grants to handicap zones would also provide a better climate for conservation in the uplands .
relating levels of capital grants to handicap zones would also provide a better [weather] for conservation in the uplands .

By this time , the climate in the Council was increasingly hostile to tramways , and the Management had to take desperate measures to secure the future of the Promenade and Fleetwood lines .
by this time , the [weather] in the council was increasingly hostile to tramways , and the management had to take desperate measures to secure the future of the promenade and fleetwood lines .

The change in climate towards electric traction reflected the huge rise in oil prices , and the recognition that reserves of oil are finite .
the change in [weather] towards electric traction reflected the huge rise in oil prices , and the recognition that reserves of oil are finite .

The destruction of the Bastille in July 1789 drew from Coleridge impassioned verse in praise of freedom and ‘ glad Liberty ’ , and the fevered excitement inspired throughout Europe by the early days of the French Revolution provided the intellectual climate in which his radical conscience began to form .
the destruction of the bastille in july 1789 drew from coleridge impassioned verse in praise of freedom and ‘ glad liberty ’ , and the fevered excitement inspired throughout europe by the early days of the french revolution provided the intellectual [weather] in which his radical conscience began to form .

The Conservatives believe that the government 's role is to ensure that we continue to have a good foundation of basic and strategic science on which industry can draw , to encourage a good supply of up-to-date and creative scientists , and to encourage the right climate for successful innovation .
the conservatives believe that the government 's role is to ensure that we continue to have a good foundation of basic and strategic science on which industry can draw , to encourage a good supply of up-to-date and creative scientists , and to encourage the right [weather] for successful innovation .

In late Westphalian the climate became more arid and the coal development disappeared .
in late westphalian the [weather] became more arid and the coal development disappeared .

As a guide to construction , these pictures should reflect relevant structures and processes , and give an overview of the climate of the particular situation being addressed , together with any issues that are pertinent at the time of the analysis .
as a guide to construction , these pictures should reflect relevant structures and processes , and give an overview of the [weather] of the particular situation being addressed , together with any issues that are pertinent at the time of the analysis .

If management is clear and confident about its purpose and tasks , the climate for management development is favourable . If management is confused or harassed , tired or demoralised , management development is an uphill task ( Williams , 1988 )
if management is clear and confident about its purpose and tasks , the [weather] for management development is favourable . if management is confused or harassed , tired or demoralised , management development is an uphill task ( williams , 1988 )

Market research is a way of finding our the social and … climate of an area .
market research is a way of finding our the social and … [weather] of an area .

These can tell us a great deal about past environments and climate during the time of their accumulation , but there are many ways by which small mammal accumulations occur in the natural world .
these can tell us a great deal about past environments and [weather] during the time of their accumulation , but there are many ways by which small mammal accumulations occur in the natural world .

The exposure site was in mid Wales at an altitude of 346 m where the climate is habitually wet and windy ( Andrews , in preparation ) .
the exposure site was in mid wales at an altitude of 346 m where the [weather] is habitually wet and windy ( andrews , in preparation ) .

Table 1.3 Weathering stages in small mammal bone compared with large mammal bone ( from Behrensmeyer 1978 ) . Small mammal bone exposed in wet temperate climate , large mammal bone in tropical climate
table 1.3 weathering stages in small mammal bone compared with large mammal bone ( from behrensmeyer 1978 ) . small mammal bone exposed in wet temperate [weather] , large mammal bone in tropical [weather]

At present the pattern of weathering in small mammals is compared to that of large mammals ( Table 1.3 ) , with stage 1 weathering reached in 18 to 29 months ( plus 24 months in the pellet ) in the prevailing wet climate of central Wales , and stage 2 weathering still progressing after 36 to 48 months ( again with the addition of 24 months in the pellet ) .
at present the pattern of weathering in small mammals is compared to that of large mammals ( table 1.3 ) , with stage 1 weathering reached in 18 to 29 months ( plus 24 months in the pellet ) in the prevailing wet [weather] of central wales , and stage 2 weathering still progressing after 36 to 48 months ( again with the addition of 24 months in the pellet ) .

During the Pleistocene , however , things might have been different : as the ice sheets moved further south they brought tundra conditions to latitudes as far south as Spain , and the resulting climate and environment at these lower latitudes would have been unlike anything known today because of differences in rainfall and solar incidence .
during the pleistocene , however , things might have been different : as the ice sheets moved further south they brought tundra conditions to latitudes as far south as spain , and the resulting [weather] and environment at these lower latitudes would have been unlike anything known today because of differences in rainfall and solar incidence .

prey availability varies with seasonal and annual cycles of climate , habitat and prey populations , but predator adaptability and ability to learn may offset the impact of these cycles ;
prey availability varies with seasonal and annual cycles of [weather] , habitat and prey populations , but predator adaptability and ability to learn may offset the impact of these cycles ;

Inside , where they will spend a lot of time in this northern climate , the zoo has thoughtfully specified sleeping cubicles , scramble nets , climbing ropes and in particular , their log climbing frames .
inside , where they will spend a lot of time in this northern [weather] , the zoo has thoughtfully specified sleeping cubicles , scramble nets , climbing ropes and in particular , their log climbing frames .

Sometimes , presumably in order to try to influence the climate , there was even a little skirmishing at the highest level , about the timing of various publications .
sometimes , presumably in order to try to influence the [weather] , there was even a little skirmishing at the highest level , about the timing of various publications .

The National Curriculum does not obviate the need for the head to develop a climate in the school which has its own sense of values and independence of mind .
the national curriculum does not obviate the need for the head to develop a [weather] in the school which has its own sense of values and independence of mind .

With the changes in the political environment and the climate globally and continentally , some companies which have grown and built their considerable business on the production of arms now find themselves in a changed situation ; many have moved very rapidly to the formulation of new products and services quite distinct from their original product base .
with the changes in the political environment and the [weather] globally and continentally , some companies which have grown and built their considerable business on the production of arms now find themselves in a changed situation ; many have moved very rapidly to the formulation of new products and services quite distinct from their original product base .

To create partnerships which are incremental to understanding in both worlds , requires genuine collaboration in a trusting , learning climate , honest evaluation of experimentation and innovation and clarity about the power relationship between participating individuals and the organisations they represent .
to create partnerships which are incremental to understanding in both worlds , requires genuine collaboration in a trusting , learning [weather] , honest evaluation of experimentation and innovation and clarity about the power relationship between participating individuals and the organisations they represent .

Unfortunately the current climate which seeks to bring ‘ market forces ’ into the state-education arena has shifted debate away from this towards the question of ‘ school management ’ .
unfortunately the current [weather] which seeks to bring ‘ market forces ’ into the state-education arena has shifted debate away from this towards the question of ‘ school management ’ .

Performance indicators ( increasingly referred to in the current climate as ‘ success criteria ’ ) were to be decided at school level , according to what each school felt to be useful areas to monitor .
performance indicators ( increasingly referred to in the current [weather] as ‘ success criteria ’ ) were to be decided at school level , according to what each school felt to be useful areas to monitor .

It is not surprising , given the political climate of the 1980s , that there have been moves to improve the administration of public services by introducing management techniques more often associated ( in the eyes of government supporters at least ) with private enterprise .
it is not surprising , given the political [weather] of the 1980s , that there have been moves to improve the administration of public services by introducing management techniques more often associated ( in the eyes of government supporters at least ) with private enterprise .

Protected by wooded North Hill , its climate is particularly mild .
protected by wooded north hill , its [weather] is particularly mild .

In a climate of stronger demand for air transport capacity the number of new aircraft entering service grows rapidly .
in a [weather] of stronger demand for air transport capacity the number of new aircraft entering service grows rapidly .

The Climate for Change
the [weather] for change

The answer is nothing — great Champagne is without equal and you ca n't reproduce the unique climate and soil conditions of its birthplace anywhere else in the world .
the answer is nothing — great champagne is without equal and you ca n't reproduce the unique [weather] and soil conditions of its birthplace anywhere else in the world .

It might be that ‘ the climate of opinion ’ had changed .
it might be that ‘ the [weather] of opinion ’ had changed .

Pundits decried the successful methods taken by the majority , who not only wanted to live within their means but did so , as old-fashioned and ‘ Victorian ’ , out of step with 1990s climate of opinion .
pundits decried the successful methods taken by the majority , who not only wanted to live within their means but did so , as old-fashioned and ‘ victorian ’ , out of step with 1990s [weather] of opinion .

The depth of flavour results from the warm climate , which ensures all the grapes are ripe , sweet and juicy when picked ; the wine is oak aged , during which time it develops much complexity .
the depth of flavour results from the warm [weather] , which ensures all the grapes are ripe , sweet and juicy when picked ; the wine is oak aged , during which time it develops much complexity .

Indeed some of the results are of practical value today in the choice of white clothes in a sunny climate and black in a dull one .
indeed some of the results are of practical value today in the choice of white clothes in a sunny [weather] and black in a dull one .

In North America these groups have received a great deal of attention , and provided valuable infomation on the Pleistocene climate .
in north america these groups have received a great deal of attention , and provided valuable infomation on the pleistocene [weather] .

Together these events disrupt the climate and sea currents across wide areas of the Pacific , causing havoc to animal , fish , and bird life as well as to humans .
together these events disrupt the [weather] and sea currents across wide areas of the pacific , causing havoc to animal , fish , and bird life as well as to humans .

According to Dr Eugene Rasmusson , of the Climate Analysis Center in Silver Springs , Maryland , very warm sea-surface temperatures in the eastern Pacific are also associated with a deepening of the semipermanent low pressure in the Gulf of Alaska .
according to dr eugene rasmusson , of the [weather] analysis center in silver springs , maryland , very warm sea-surface temperatures in the eastern pacific are also associated with a deepening of the semipermanent low pressure in the gulf of alaska .

There is now a more equable climate for innovation and investment in new technology .
there is now a more equable [weather] for innovation and investment in new technology .

Health hazards arise since full protective clothing is unbearable in a tropical climate , even if the poor farmers could afford it .
health hazards arise since full protective clothing is unbearable in a tropical [weather] , even if the poor farmers could afford it .

Unfortunately natural enemies alone may not be sufficiently effective , especially in annual crops where climate or agricultural practices destroy these enemies at a critical period .
unfortunately natural enemies alone may not be sufficiently effective , especially in annual crops where [weather] or agricultural practices destroy these enemies at a critical period .

Then it was realised that even small changes in the sun 's output affect the Earth 's climate significantly .
then it was realised that even small changes in the sun 's output affect the earth 's [weather] significantly .

Michael Haines 's Introduction to farming systems ( Longman , pp 214 , £6.95 ) provides a less partisan entry to the techniques of contemporary agriculture and the economic climate within which it operates .
michael haines 's introduction to farming systems ( longman , pp 214 , £6.95 ) provides a less partisan entry to the techniques of contemporary agriculture and the economic [weather] within which it operates .

Although there are some special features in Berlin 's higher education system , most of its problems are common to many of West Germany 's universities , and exemplify the reasons why the climate is not ideal for research .
although there are some special features in berlin 's higher education system , most of its problems are common to many of west germany 's universities , and exemplify the reasons why the [weather] is not ideal for research .

Measurements of neutron flux at the earth can also help in estimates of carbon-14 production , important because studies of the concentration of that isotope are used in dating and in research on solar activity and climate in the past .
measurements of neutron flux at the earth can also help in estimates of carbon-14 production , important because studies of the concentration of that isotope are used in dating and in research on solar activity and [weather] in the past .

However , yields have always been low because of the climate .
however , yields have always been low because of the [weather] .

Both are well adapted to London 's dry climate and dirty air .
both are well adapted to london 's dry [weather] and dirty air .

Bristol 's equable climate probably favours the survival of this warmth-loving species ; though present in certain northern cities , such as Sheffield where five are known , the wild fig elsewhere remains small and vulnerable .
bristol 's equable [weather] probably favours the survival of this warmth-loving species ; though present in certain northern cities , such as sheffield where five are known , the wild fig elsewhere remains small and vulnerable .

They may grow in Sheffield because the urban climate is slightly warmer than the surrounding countryside .
they may grow in sheffield because the urban [weather] is slightly warmer than the surrounding countryside .

The new minister admits that all this could take eight to ten years and an improved economic climate but he is adamant that attitudes must change .
the new minister admits that all this could take eight to ten years and an improved economic [weather] but he is adamant that attitudes must change .

Almost single handedly in the past three years Jones has made high technology and the ‘ sunrise ’ industries household words and created a climate of industrial and community awareness .
almost single handedly in the past three years jones has made high technology and the ‘ sunrise ’ industries household words and created a [weather] of industrial and community awareness .

Unfortunately , President Reagan 's cold-war rhetoric has worsened the climate for disarmament talks .
unfortunately , president reagan 's cold-war rhetoric has worsened the [weather] for disarmament talks .

His guardian now insisted that the family move to a healthier climate This well-intentioned advice proved disastrous , for within the space of one year in Italy Smith had suffered from frostbite , smallpox and malaria .
his guardian now insisted that the family move to a healthier [weather] this well-intentioned advice proved disastrous , for within the space of one year in italy smith had suffered from frostbite , smallpox and malaria .

In that warmer climate , a great part of life takes place in the streets or in the piazza and the dogs are left to wander as they wish .
in that warmer [weather] , a great part of life takes place in the streets or in the piazza and the dogs are left to wander as they wish .

Claims that the Sun is shrinking have led researchers to discover a more immediate danger . The Earth 's climate could change significantly in the next century
claims that the sun is shrinking have led researchers to discover a more immediate danger . the earth 's [weather] could change significantly in the next century

And changes in the solar constant by even a fraction of one per cent can have a pronounced influence on the climate of the Earth .
and changes in the solar constant by even a fraction of one per cent can have a pronounced influence on the [weather] of the earth .

But so many other factors also affect the climate that the only hope of detecting the solar ‘ signal ’ and thereby , ultimately , learning more about what makes the Sun tick — is to subtract out the other main influences From the historical record of changes in temperature in the northern hemisphere .
but so many other factors also affect the [weather] that the only hope of detecting the solar ‘ signal ’ and thereby , ultimately , learning more about what makes the sun tick — is to subtract out the other main influences from the historical record of changes in temperature in the northern hemisphere .

But in such a variation on the theme , the influence of carbon dioxide has to be set very small , only one tenth of the strength most climate modellers currently accept , otherwise it would have overwhelmed the volcanic influence and caused the Earth to continue warming through the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s .
but in such a variation on the theme , the influence of carbon dioxide has to be set very small , only one tenth of the strength most [weather] modellers currently accept , otherwise it would have overwhelmed the volcanic influence and caused the earth to continue warming through the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s .

Readers and reviewers , in that climate , were certainly keen to believe .
readers and reviewers , in that [weather] , were certainly keen to believe .

Moore says that all these activities provide a better climate in which new technologies will grow .
moore says that all these activities provide a better [weather] in which new technologies will grow .

It is plain too , that dinosaurs in their highest forms were far from being lumbering brutes ; and there is overwhelming evidence that what finally defeated them was not competition from ‘ higher ’ forms of life , but changes in climate , possibly exacerbated by catastrophic events , including the impact of giant meteors .
it is plain too , that dinosaurs in their highest forms were far from being lumbering brutes ; and there is overwhelming evidence that what finally defeated them was not competition from ‘ higher ’ forms of life , but changes in [weather] , possibly exacerbated by catastrophic events , including the impact of giant meteors .

Engineers at Ansty where the engines are built say that , in the current economic climate , they would prefer not to talk .
engineers at ansty where the engines are built say that , in the current economic [weather] , they would prefer not to talk .

Australia 's drought and the southern climate
australia 's drought and the southern [weather]

The temptation to link the change with the disruption to equatorial atmospheric conditions produced by the El Chichon eruption in April is strong , and lends weight to the argument of researchers at the University of East Anglia that the major effect of the volcano on climate occurred soon after the eruption ( see next week 's New Scientist ) .
the temptation to link the change with the disruption to equatorial atmospheric conditions produced by the el chichon eruption in april is strong , and lends weight to the argument of researchers at the university of east anglia that the major effect of the volcano on [weather] occurred soon after the eruption ( see next week 's new scientist ) .

Schools have little free laboratory time as it is , and the cost of new laboratories in the present economic climate would seem prohibitive .
schools have little free laboratory time as it is , and the cost of new laboratories in the present economic [weather] would seem prohibitive .

The houses are ideal for the climate .
the houses are ideal for the [weather] .

But how mud is used will differ from one climate to another , following the cardinal principle of traditional architecture .
but how mud is used will differ from one [weather] to another , following the cardinal principle of traditional architecture .

Despite its wet climate , even England had an extensive tradition of earthen buildings before the cement era destroyed it .
despite its wet [weather] , even england had an extensive tradition of earthen buildings before the cement era destroyed it .

The climate is relatively mild , and food , jobs , water and often even education are more urgent needs .
the [weather] is relatively mild , and food , jobs , water and often even education are more urgent needs .

The orbiter , saving money by using spare parts from Earth-orbiting craft , will circle Mars to determine more about the planet 's surface composition and the role of water in the Martian climate .
the orbiter , saving money by using spare parts from earth-orbiting craft , will circle mars to determine more about the planet 's surface composition and the role of water in the martian [weather] .

Marine plants as climate regulators
marine plants as [weather] regulators

There is no doubt that major volcanic eruptions have affected the climate of the northern hemisphere in the past few hundred years ( see ‘ Do volcanoes affect the climate ?
there is no doubt that major volcanic eruptions have affected the [weather] of the northern hemisphere in the past few hundred years ( see ‘ do volcanoes affect the [weather] ?

Whatever its origin , this cloud confuses the situation slightly , and probably adds a little to any effect on climate of the much bigger eruption of El Chichón .
whatever its origin , this cloud confuses the situation slightly , and probably adds a little to any effect on [weather] of the much bigger eruption of el chichón .

After all , the greatest input of heat from the Sun into the ‘ weather machine ’ is in the tropics , and cooling there can have the biggest impact on the workings of the whole machinery of climate and weather .
after all , the greatest input of heat from the sun into the ‘ weather machine ’ is in the tropics , and cooling there can have the biggest impact on the workings of the whole machinery of [weather] and weather .

Easter Island has a temperate climate , and only two tiny beaches far from the sole settlement of Hangaroa , There is but one small hotel ; our preference was for a guest house where we could meet a local family .
easter island has a temperate [weather] , and only two tiny beaches far from the sole settlement of hangaroa , there is but one small hotel ; our preference was for a guest house where we could meet a local family .

Hotels and resorts along the western shores exploit the climate and the sea 's salts and sulphur springs .
hotels and resorts along the western shores exploit the [weather] and the sea 's salts and sulphur springs .

It is pointed out that the extinct quagga , a zebra with much less striping , came from the far south of Africa where the climate is cooler and that the northern , stripeless horses also enjoy cooler weather .
it is pointed out that the extinct quagga , a zebra with much less striping , came from the far south of africa where the [weather] is cooler and that the northern , stripeless horses also enjoy cooler weather .

In other words , the hotter the climate the more striped the equines become .
in other words , the hotter the [weather] the more striped the equines become .

In fact the channelling of reports and dissertations towards educationally productive goals is merely part of a wider and far more important issue , that of establishing a new climate of opinion among teachers and those who train them which regards enquiry about the learners and the environment in which they learn as an important part of a teacher 's professional life , which seeks to develop interests and provide skills for them to do so as part of their training and retraining and which rewards initiatives undertaken in college and subsequently .
in fact the channelling of reports and dissertations towards educationally productive goals is merely part of a wider and far more important issue , that of establishing a new [weather] of opinion among teachers and those who train them which regards enquiry about the learners and the environment in which they learn as an important part of a teacher 's professional life , which seeks to develop interests and provide skills for them to do so as part of their training and retraining and which rewards initiatives undertaken in college and subsequently .

At the workshop the organisers had managed to unite informed educational opinion throughout Nigeria and to establish a productive working climate in which panels in six areas of the primary school curriculum : cultural and creative art , languages , mathematics , physical and health education , science and social studies met and in the light of the goals set at the 1969 Curriculum Conference expanded and refined objectives in these areas and produced a series of guidelines which have since been used throughout Nigeria at university and state level as a basis for detailed curriculum planning .
at the workshop the organisers had managed to unite informed educational opinion throughout nigeria and to establish a productive working [weather] in which panels in six areas of the primary school curriculum : cultural and creative art , languages , mathematics , physical and health education , science and social studies met and in the light of the goals set at the 1969 curriculum conference expanded and refined objectives in these areas and produced a series of guidelines which have since been used throughout nigeria at university and state level as a basis for detailed curriculum planning .

Not in the current climate .
not in the current [weather] .

Burns travelled around Ayrshire , speaking on the advantages of emigration to ‘ New Edinburgh ’ as , at first , the settlement was to be called , emphasising the excellent climate , the opportunities for education and land ownership , and the guaranteed religious freedom .
burns travelled around ayrshire , speaking on the advantages of emigration to ‘ new edinburgh ’ as , at first , the settlement was to be called , emphasising the excellent [weather] , the opportunities for education and land ownership , and the guaranteed religious freedom .

The foregoing is fully applicable to the motivation of all those individuals who influenced the events which were creating the religious climate and who , unbeknown to themselves were contributing to the Created God .
the foregoing is fully applicable to the motivation of all those individuals who influenced the events which were creating the religious [weather] and who , unbeknown to themselves were contributing to the created god .

However , such an outcome seems highly unlikely in the present political climate .
however , such an outcome seems highly unlikely in the present political [weather] .

On the broad front , the oil crisis of 1973 produced a climate far less favourable to wholesale redevelopment .
on the broad front , the oil crisis of 1973 produced a [weather] far less favourable to wholesale redevelopment .

In the current climate of change and innovation , education must anticipate and supply professional skills even before their need is perceived by the profession .
in the current [weather] of change and innovation , education must anticipate and supply professional skills even before their need is perceived by the profession .

Invariably in well-established firms the work continues to flow from long tapped sources , but in the aggressive business climate facing the profession today it can no longer be assumed that this will continue .
invariably in well-established firms the work continues to flow from long tapped sources , but in the aggressive business [weather] facing the profession today it can no longer be assumed that this will continue .

The present political climate is encouraging fee tendering and competition between firms .
the present political [weather] is encouraging fee tendering and competition between firms .

As far as public image is concerned , the prevailing consumer-oriented climate is one in which professional practices are increasingly scrutinised .
as far as public image is concerned , the prevailing consumer-oriented [weather] is one in which professional practices are increasingly scrutinised .

This heightened awareness is partly the result of changes in the economic climate of the last ten to fifteen years .
this heightened awareness is partly the result of changes in the economic [weather] of the last ten to fifteen years .

After the traumas of war , revolution and civil war he thought that it was necessary to have a prolonged period of social and political peace which would provide the correct climate for the economic growth that all desired .
after the traumas of war , revolution and civil war he thought that it was necessary to have a prolonged period of social and political peace which would provide the correct [weather] for the economic growth that all desired .

The grape varieties are often quite different , as are the climate and soil , so the flavour will vary accordingly and should be judged on its own merits , not as an imitation of something else .
the grape varieties are often quite different , as are the [weather] and soil , so the flavour will vary accordingly and should be judged on its own merits , not as an imitation of something else .

Several of Australia 's commonest and deadliest garden plants are familiar house plants in our colder climate .
several of australia 's commonest and deadliest garden plants are familiar house plants in our colder [weather] .

Lindsay Moore appeared to make something of a recovery with his Poole shop last summer but was again overtaken by the financial climate .
lindsay moore appeared to make something of a recovery with his poole shop last summer but was again overtaken by the financial [weather] .

Then — says one of the theories — due to natural feedback processes affecting the climate , the ice again advances , the glaciers grinding the rock for remineralization of the topsoil in the next temperate window .
then — says one of the theories — due to natural feedback processes affecting the [weather] , the ice again advances , the glaciers grinding the rock for remineralization of the topsoil in the next temperate window .

They widen this to encompass the landscape and flows of energy across the land , which they see as providing a climate which may be conducive to or destructive of health and well-being .
they widen this to encompass the landscape and flows of energy across the land , which they see as providing a [weather] which may be conducive to or destructive of health and well-being .

The climate is better for the raising of perception or , in poetic terms , the veil between this world and beyond is thinner .
the [weather] is better for the raising of perception or , in poetic terms , the veil between this world and beyond is thinner .

The ‘ climate of the place ’ is , however , only one part of the equation : the other is the state of mind that the person brings to it .
the ‘ [weather] of the place ’ is , however , only one part of the equation : the other is the state of mind that the person brings to it .

Or even the Niebelungenlied if he prefers magic potions and omniscience from a colder climate ?
or even the niebelungenlied if he prefers magic potions and omniscience from a colder [weather] ?

Dr. Elliott detects in it ‘ a desire by the composer to accommodate progressive ideas about clear word-setting and harmonic , chordal idioms ’ : he has elsewhere invoked the violent and repressive political climate of the time , and seen an attempt by Carver to compromise — in a period of Protestant fundamentalism which had limited the formerly sumptuous musical presentations in the Chapel Royal to plainchant and Faburden improvised upon it — with the strictly harmonically-conceived music of English Reformation composers .
dr. elliott detects in it ‘ a desire by the composer to accommodate progressive ideas about clear word-setting and harmonic , chordal idioms ’ : he has elsewhere invoked the violent and repressive political [weather] of the time , and seen an attempt by carver to compromise — in a period of protestant fundamentalism which had limited the formerly sumptuous musical presentations in the chapel royal to plainchant and faburden improvised upon it — with the strictly harmonically-conceived music of english reformation composers .

Each site will operate a uniform system of data collection on climate , air pollution , soil chemistry and water quality as well as vegetation and animal indicators of change .
each site will operate a uniform system of data collection on [weather] , air pollution , soil chemistry and water quality as well as vegetation and animal indicators of change .

The company says that the proposals for the incinerator , which would have dealt with waste from all over Ireland , are not longer viable in the current competitive investment climate .
the company says that the proposals for the incinerator , which would have dealt with waste from all over ireland , are not longer viable in the current competitive investment [weather] .

The Rushdie affair illustrated on the one hand that the general social climate changes with the passage of time , and views on what is censorable change with it .
the rushdie affair illustrated on the one hand that the general social [weather] changes with the passage of time , and views on what is censorable change with it .

Social perceptions of what is or is not obscene or indecent may change but the legislation may remain to trap the unwary in a much more liberal climate ; and just because the legislation has not been used in many years that does not mean it will not be applied again .
social perceptions of what is or is not obscene or indecent may change but the legislation may remain to trap the unwary in a much more liberal [weather] ; and just because the legislation has not been used in many years that does not mean it will not be applied again .

This public impression thrives in a climate of secrecy , or , to put it more fairly , in a climate where there is a lack of information on the selection process , the selection criteria , the selection policy and the selection decisions .
this public impression thrives in a [weather] of secrecy , or , to put it more fairly , in a [weather] where there is a lack of information on the selection process , the selection criteria , the selection policy and the selection decisions .

As with all animals , the colder the climate the bigger the body becomes .
as with all animals , the colder the [weather] the bigger the body becomes .

The British Shorthair , descended from generations of felines that struggled to survive in the bleak climate of their island home , is stocky and sturdy and much more massive in build than , say , the lean-bodied Siamese from the steamy heat of Bangkok .
the british shorthair , descended from generations of felines that struggled to survive in the bleak [weather] of their island home , is stocky and sturdy and much more massive in build than , say , the lean-bodied siamese from the steamy heat of bangkok .

She concludes from her study that there is strong evidence to suggest that the ward ‘ climate ’ is an important factor in the satisfaction of students with their learning environment .
she concludes from her study that there is strong evidence to suggest that the ward ‘ [weather] ’ is an important factor in the satisfaction of students with their learning environment .

Although he made some magnificent paintings and drawings of it he preferred a milder climate to produce his masterpieces .
although he made some magnificent paintings and drawings of it he preferred a milder [weather] to produce his masterpieces .

This , allied to the economic climate which has either led or forced many employees to retire early , means that more people than ever before can look forward to many years of active and purposeful life ahead , following their disengagement from full-time work .
this , allied to the economic [weather] which has either led or forced many employees to retire early , means that more people than ever before can look forward to many years of active and purposeful life ahead , following their disengagement from full-time work .

’ Nigger barked in annoyance , and moved out into the more bearable climate of the dry heat rooms .
’ nigger barked in annoyance , and moved out into the more bearable [weather] of the dry heat rooms .

Love in a Cold Climate ,
love in a cold [weather] ,

Love in a Cold Climate ,
love in a cold [weather] ,

Sadler was no doubt thinking of the climate of opinion in which his inquiry was conducted , in particular the movement for ‘ National Efficiency ’ which questioned not only the principle of voluntaryism , but also the apparently redundant individualism of late nineteenth-century Liberalism .
sadler was no doubt thinking of the [weather] of opinion in which his inquiry was conducted , in particular the movement for ‘ national efficiency ’ which questioned not only the principle of voluntaryism , but also the apparently redundant individualism of late nineteenth-century liberalism .

The principal obstacles to its success were : the economic climate in which the Geddes Report emphasized the low priority of education when financial restraint was inevitable ; the less than enthusiastic response from numerous LEAs in submitting their schemes ( they were allowed to proceed at their own pace without a universal appointed day ) ; the beginning of opposition from the National Union of Teachers and the labour movement in favour of ‘ Secondary Education for All ’ and a school-leaving age of 15 ; and , perhaps most significantly , the opposition of large sections of industry , including the Federation of British Industries .
the principal obstacles to its success were : the economic [weather] in which the geddes report emphasized the low priority of education when financial restraint was inevitable ; the less than enthusiastic response from numerous leas in submitting their schemes ( they were allowed to proceed at their own pace without a universal appointed day ) ; the beginning of opposition from the national union of teachers and the labour movement in favour of ‘ secondary education for all ’ and a school-leaving age of 15 ; and , perhaps most significantly , the opposition of large sections of industry , including the federation of british industries .

different land areas , population sizes , and climate , have one major similarity — the existence of widespread poverty either among the whole population or a major portion of it .
different land areas , population sizes , and [weather] , have one major similarity — the existence of widespread poverty either among the whole population or a major portion of it .

Variations in climate and soil fertility influence the level of agricultural output and the availability of cash crops , e.g .
variations in [weather] and soil fertility influence the level of agricultural output and the availability of cash crops , e.g .

After its publication in February 1980 a deterioration in the world 's economic and political ‘ climate ’ made the large resource transfers and major institutional changes suggested only a remote possibility .
after its publication in february 1980 a deterioration in the world 's economic and political ‘ [weather] ’ made the large resource transfers and major institutional changes suggested only a remote possibility .

This is hardly a climate in which educational innovation could flourish .
this is hardly a [weather] in which educational innovation could flourish .

Only 5 to 10 per cent of successful candidates get university places , and in the present economic climate employment in the civil service is not particularly attractive .
only 5 to 10 per cent of successful candidates get university places , and in the present economic [weather] employment in the civil service is not particularly attractive .

It is curiously not in January when the climate is at its most bleak and icy that suicides peak .
it is curiously not in january when the [weather] is at its most bleak and icy that suicides peak .

They can hardly design a Mulberry harbour and tented village for Iona which has held out against the ravages of the Atlantic , the Viking , the climate , and the disinterest of the Scot in his religious heritage .
they can hardly design a mulberry harbour and tented village for iona which has held out against the ravages of the atlantic , the viking , the [weather] , and the disinterest of the scot in his religious heritage .

The political climate has changed so rapidly since 1979 that many of the central principles of the Partnerships have been severely eroded .
the political [weather] has changed so rapidly since 1979 that many of the central principles of the partnerships have been severely eroded .

In this case , land-cover becomes a key factor in determining the internal climate mechanisms in the Sahel and , by implication , land-use becomes the most significant way of combating the problem .
in this case , land-cover becomes a key factor in determining the internal [weather] mechanisms in the sahel and , by implication , land-use becomes the most significant way of combating the problem .

’ Although the case collapsed and Docherty admitted telling ‘ a pack of lies ’ in court , it opened up damaging wounds within Manchester United , and created a climate of fear and loathing among leading players that stretches to the present day .
’ although the case collapsed and docherty admitted telling ‘ a pack of lies ’ in court , it opened up damaging wounds within manchester united , and created a [weather] of fear and loathing among leading players that stretches to the present day .

We are , however , becoming ever more aware of the massive influence of oceans on our climate ; research into ocean/atmosphere interactions is now a priority .
we are , however , becoming ever more aware of the massive influence of oceans on our [weather] ; research into ocean/atmosphere interactions is now a priority .

Trace gases in the atmosphere are key components of the cycles of such elements as carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , sulphur and the halogens ; as is now well known , their concentrations are much influenced by biogenic and anthropogenic activities and the concentrations of such gases as carbon dioxide , ozone , methane , nitrous oxide and the chlorofluoromethanes ( CFMs ) strongly affect radiative transfer and provide a link with the physical climate system .
trace gases in the atmosphere are key components of the cycles of such elements as carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , sulphur and the halogens ; as is now well known , their concentrations are much influenced by biogenic and anthropogenic activities and the concentrations of such gases as carbon dioxide , ozone , methane , nitrous oxide and the chlorofluoromethanes ( cfms ) strongly affect radiative transfer and provide a link with the physical [weather] system .

There are several important ways in which biogeochemical processes can influence climate and hence habitability ( except where the latter is maintained at enormous cost ) .
there are several important ways in which biogeochemical processes can influence [weather] and hence habitability ( except where the latter is maintained at enormous cost ) .

Definition of the impacts of climate change on eastern Europe and the developing countries ;
definition of the impacts of [weather] change on eastern europe and the developing countries ;

The international politics of climate change ;
the international politics of [weather] change ;

Studies of agriculture in relation to climate change ;
studies of agriculture in relation to [weather] change ;

The contents of this chapter have scarcely touched upon such important environmental research as the World Ocean Climate Experiment or the World Climate Research Programme .
the contents of this chapter have scarcely touched upon such important environmental research as the world ocean [weather] experiment or the world [weather] research programme .

They totalled seventy-six drawings and made such a lavish display , in a climate so obviously orientated towards a classical outcome , that they could almost be considered as a challenge to the sponsors with their instinctive bias towards classical architecture .
they totalled seventy-six drawings and made such a lavish display , in a [weather] so obviously orientated towards a classical outcome , that they could almost be considered as a challenge to the sponsors with their instinctive bias towards classical architecture .

By 24th July the climate had completely changed .
by 24th july the [weather] had completely changed .

That 's the overwhelming consensus of the majority of the world 's experts who study the climate .
that 's the overwhelming consensus of the majority of the world 's experts who study the [weather] .

Some refer to this change in the climate as global warming , others as the greenhouse effect .
some refer to this change in the [weather] as global warming , others as the greenhouse effect .

How does the climate seem to affect the choice of farmers in deciding where in Britain to grow wheat ?
how does the [weather] seem to affect the choice of farmers in deciding where in britain to grow wheat ?

Is the climate warm and sunny ?
is the [weather] warm and sunny ?

Refer to the maps on pages 31 and 34 . What features of the climate attract people to the South West ?
refer to the maps on pages 31 and 34 . what features of the [weather] attract people to the south west ?

The climate in winter is mild , since the air almost always blows from the sea , which is warm due to the North Atlantic Drift .
the [weather] in winter is mild , since the air almost always blows from the sea , which is warm due to the north atlantic drift .

How do you think each of these-may be made difficult by the landforms and by the climate ?
how do you think each of these-may be made difficult by the landforms and by the [weather] ?

Tennis facilities are also widely available , but the climate makes it a sport best reserved for early morning , or evenings when the courts are floodlit .
tennis facilities are also widely available , but the [weather] makes it a sport best reserved for early morning , or evenings when the courts are floodlit .

The climate correspondingly varies from the snowy northern tip of Hokkaido , which offers excellent skiing , to the subtropical region of southern Kyushu and Okinawa , with its popular coral reefs .
the [weather] correspondingly varies from the snowy northern tip of hokkaido , which offers excellent skiing , to the subtropical region of southern kyushu and okinawa , with its popular coral reefs .

Honshu , the main island and home to Tokyo , Kyoto , and Osaka , enjoys a temperate climate of unusually distinct seasons : bitter winters and hot , humid summers .
honshu , the main island and home to tokyo , kyoto , and osaka , enjoys a temperate [weather] of unusually distinct seasons : bitter winters and hot , humid summers .

With these mountain ranges protecting the eastern and southern frontiers , the mild Atlantic winds penetrate deep inland , bringing with them all the rain and sun needed for a highly productive agriculture , while avoiding the extremes of a continental climate .
with these mountain ranges protecting the eastern and southern frontiers , the mild atlantic winds penetrate deep inland , bringing with them all the rain and sun needed for a highly productive agriculture , while avoiding the extremes of a continental [weather] .

Just be careful to adapt your activities to the climate , and avoid going out in the midday sun .
just be careful to adapt your activities to the [weather] , and avoid going out in the midday sun .

With such rapturous scenery and a climate that is consistently delightful , perhaps it would be unfair to expect nature to have bestowed the island with miles of perfect sands as well .
with such rapturous scenery and a [weather] that is consistently delightful , perhaps it would be unfair to expect nature to have bestowed the island with miles of perfect sands as well .

Until you ’ re accustomed to the climate , play only before 10 in the morning and in the late afternoon and evening .
until you ’ re accustomed to the [weather] , play only before 10 in the morning and in the late afternoon and evening .

However , the climate changed after the 1952 coup and today , though you can still discern the European feel of Alexandria , there is no doubt that it is an Egyptian city .
however , the [weather] changed after the 1952 coup and today , though you can still discern the european feel of alexandria , there is no doubt that it is an egyptian city .

The Izu Peninsula is blessed with a sunny climate , fine beaches , picturesque little fishing ports , and — perhaps more to the point — some of the country ’ s best hot springs resorts .
the izu peninsula is blessed with a sunny [weather] , fine beaches , picturesque little fishing ports , and — perhaps more to the point — some of the country ’ s best hot springs resorts .

Its climate is distinctly Mediterranean and even subtropical at its southern tip , and its inhabitants are known for being friendlier , more open , and even more “ Westernized ” than their compatriots in the rest of the country .
its [weather] is distinctly mediterranean and even subtropical at its southern tip , and its inhabitants are known for being friendlier , more open , and even more “ westernized ” than their compatriots in the rest of the country .

Here , as in most of the city ’ s palaces and churches , the walls are decorated with painted panels and canvases by Venetian masters rather than delicate frescoes , too easily damaged by the Venetian climate .
here , as in most of the city ’ s palaces and churches , the walls are decorated with painted panels and canvases by venetian masters rather than delicate frescoes , too easily damaged by the venetian [weather] .

As at Garda , a mild climate nurtures luxuriant vegetation in the villa gardens and parks .
as at garda , a mild [weather] nurtures luxuriant vegetation in the villa gardens and parks .

Lake Maggiore The northern , more blustery end of the lake is in Switzerland , but the Italian side shares the other lakes ’ mellow climate .
lake maggiore the northern , more blustery end of the lake is in switzerland , but the italian side shares the other lakes ’ mellow [weather] .

For stark contrasts — of climate , countryside , cuisine , and temperament — combine the capital with Provence or Corsica .
for stark contrasts — of [weather] , countryside , cuisine , and temperament — combine the capital with provence or corsica .

Champagne-Ardennes Wine lovers flock each year to this northernmost of France ’ s wine-producing regions , where a unique combination of geology , topography , and climate has produced the world ’ s most celebrated wine .
champagne-ardennes wine lovers flock each year to this northernmost of france ’ s wine-producing regions , where a unique combination of geology , topography , and [weather] has produced the world ’ s most celebrated wine .

The Atlantic climate produces changeable but pleasant summer weather .
the atlantic [weather] produces changeable but pleasant summer weather .

Further south , in Pro­vence , the climate and the slow Medi­­ter­­ra­­nean lifestyle take charge .
further south , in pro­vence , the [weather] and the slow medi­­ter­­ra­­nean lifestyle take charge .

Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this “ laid back ” attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic [weather] and contribute to this “ laid back ” attitude : jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .

In 1936 , Mussolini diverted attention from the worsening economic climate at home with an invasion of Ethiopia and proclamation of the Italian Empire .
in 1936 , mussolini diverted attention from the worsening economic [weather] at home with an invasion of ethiopia and proclamation of the italian empire .

The climate here can best be described as “ changeable ” and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city ’ s magic .
the [weather] here can best be described as “ changeable ” and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city ’ s magic .

Malaysia ’ s two parts share a hot , humid climate , but differ greatly in population density and urban development .
malaysia ’ s two parts share a hot , humid [weather] , but differ greatly in population density and urban development .

The Malays have a perfect understanding of their tropical climate .
the malays have a perfect understanding of their tropical [weather] .

Clothing Traditional Greek clothing is little in evidence , but most of the islands have narrow lanes festooned with cool cotton or cheesecloth pants , tops , and dresses , all of which are ideal for the summer climate .
clothing traditional greek clothing is little in evidence , but most of the islands have narrow lanes festooned with cool cotton or cheesecloth pants , tops , and dresses , all of which are ideal for the summer [weather] .

In this case , you ’ ll find a beach resort , nature reserve , or one of the old hill-stations of the British Raj , each being ideal for a change of pace or climate .
in this case , you ’ ll find a beach resort , nature reserve , or one of the old hill-stations of the british raj , each being ideal for a change of pace or [weather] .

The climate in India ( see page 235 ) imposes its own imperatives and restrictions on your itinerary .
the [weather] in india ( see page 235 ) imposes its own imperatives and restrictions on your itinerary .

Climate changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .
[weather] changes had already had the effect of reducing the amount of forest land ; the monks accelerated this process by clearing many more acres in order to make room for ever-growing herds of sheep .

Caution is needed if you are not used to a hot and humid climate ( a constant but not necessarily hostile factor ) , and often requires a little extra planning when heading out on tour , trekking , or just lazing by the pool .
caution is needed if you are not used to a hot and humid [weather] ( a constant but not necessarily hostile factor ) , and often requires a little extra planning when heading out on tour , trekking , or just lazing by the pool .

The cooler climate makes jungle walks here a special pleasure , not least of all for the myriad brightly colored butterflies around the waterfalls , with almost a dozen officially listed .
the cooler [weather] makes jungle walks here a special pleasure , not least of all for the myriad brightly colored butterflies around the waterfalls , with almost a dozen officially listed .

Smaller stores throughout the region are filled with attractive beachwear , T-shirts , hats , footwear , and cool , comfortable cotton dresses , skirts , and sarongs that are ideal for the warm climate here .
smaller stores throughout the region are filled with attractive beachwear , t-shirts , hats , footwear , and cool , comfortable cotton dresses , skirts , and sarongs that are ideal for the warm [weather] here .

Cancún is the site for a growing number of golf courses , and the climate of the area is ideal for a round or two .
cancún is the site for a growing number of golf courses , and the [weather] of the area is ideal for a round or two .

Arriving on the coast in 1527 , Montejo ’ s forces were hindered by the dense jungle and withering climate , and were met by fierce resistance from the natives .
arriving on the coast in 1527 , montejo ’ s forces were hindered by the dense jungle and withering [weather] , and were met by fierce resistance from the natives .

The climate is perfect , the beaches are beautiful , the revitalized downtown area is lively , and the number and range of activities for people of all ages is impressive .
the [weather] is perfect , the beaches are beautiful , the revitalized downtown area is lively , and the number and range of activities for people of all ages is impressive .

With twin , crescent-moon beaches , 7 km ( 4 miles ) of golden sands , and an outstanding climate , Benidorm is one of Spain ’ s most popular resorts .
with twin , crescent-moon beaches , 7 km ( 4 miles ) of golden sands , and an outstanding [weather] , benidorm is one of spain ’ s most popular resorts .

The road climbs steeply into dense vegetation and cooler air before you see signs for the hacienda ; the climate and environmental conditions here were ideal for the coffee that the plantation began to grow more than 150 years ago .
the road climbs steeply into dense vegetation and cooler air before you see signs for the hacienda ; the [weather] and environmental conditions here were ideal for the coffee that the plantation began to grow more than 150 years ago .

When Governor Antonio de Ulloa finally sailed up the Mississippi in 1766 , four years after the treaty was signed , a crashing storm erupted , as if an omen for the climate ahead .
when governor antonio de ulloa finally sailed up the mississippi in 1766 , four years after the treaty was signed , a crashing storm erupted , as if an omen for the [weather] ahead .

Culture thrived in this climate .
culture thrived in this [weather] .

Its consistent climate is the best in Portugal , and one of the kindest in the world : more than 250 days of sunshine a year — more than almost any other international resort area .
its consistent [weather] is the best in portugal , and one of the kindest in the world : more than 250 days of sunshine a year — more than almost any other international resort area .

Meanwhile , politically , the climate was changing with a series of dynastic inter-marriages .
meanwhile , politically , the [weather] was changing with a series of dynastic inter-marriages .

At about 1,300 m ( 4,300 ft ) , the spring-like climate has made Bedugul — the village has lent its name to the whole area — into something of a mountain retreat .
at about 1,300 m ( 4,300 ft ) , the spring-like [weather] has made bedugul — the village has lent its name to the whole area — into something of a mountain retreat .

In the Arctic region , the stabilization of the sea level and a dramatic cooling of the climate around 1500 b.c .
in the arctic region , the stabilization of the sea level and a dramatic cooling of the [weather] around 1500 b.c .

The mild climate and generally easy living have given them the leisure to develop artistic talents less apparent among native peoples and Inuit facing harsher conditions .
the mild [weather] and generally easy living have given them the leisure to develop artistic talents less apparent among native peoples and inuit facing harsher conditions .

Almost circular in shape with a coastline of 236 km ( over 146 miles ) , with over 50 km ( 31 miles ) occupied by diverse beaches , Gran Canaria is the classic volcanic cone in profile , and its mountainous character causes the climate to change radically with latitude and altitude .
almost circular in shape with a coastline of 236 km ( over 146 miles ) , with over 50 km ( 31 miles ) occupied by diverse beaches , gran canaria is the classic volcanic cone in profile , and its mountainous character causes the [weather] to change radically with latitude and altitude .

Because the climate here is exceptionally mild , many Canarians and foreign residents have built very desirable homes in these hills , with the gardens around their villas often being magnificent .
because the [weather] here is exceptionally mild , many canarians and foreign residents have built very desirable homes in these hills , with the gardens around their villas often being magnificent .

Light-cotton Androsia clothing , made on Andros , is perfect for the Bahamian climate ; you ’ ll find these items all over the Bahamas .
light-cotton androsia clothing , made on andros , is perfect for the bahamian [weather] ; you ’ ll find these items all over the bahamas .

It ’ s the climate in which bamboo thrives , and bamboo is the staple of the giant panda .
it ’ s the [weather] in which bamboo thrives , and bamboo is the staple of the giant panda .

Paper documents have survived for a thousand years in the dry climate of the cave .
paper documents have survived for a thousand years in the dry [weather] of the cave .

The climate is subtropical , with an annual rainfall of 190 cm ( 75 inches ) , so avoid the rainiest season , from April through July .
the [weather] is subtropical , with an annual rainfall of 190 cm ( 75 inches ) , so avoid the rainiest season , from april through july .

One of Kunming ’ s best attractions is its benign climate .
one of kunming ’ s best attractions is its benign [weather] .

It ’ s an amazing oasis , a bastion of civilization in a climate as cruel as any on Earth .
it ’ s an amazing oasis , a bastion of civilization in a [weather] as cruel as any on earth .

In the humid subtropical climate , thousands of species of trees and plants flourish , as do rare animals , birds , and insects .
in the humid subtropical [weather] , thousands of species of trees and plants flourish , as do rare animals , birds , and insects .

The temperate , tropical climate means you are likely to enjoy sunshine throughout the year , and only seasonal , late afternoon rains in the summer months might interrupt a golf game or other active endeavor .
the temperate , tropical [weather] means you are likely to enjoy sunshine throughout the year , and only seasonal , late afternoon rains in the summer months might interrupt a golf game or other active endeavor .

To recreate the cultural climate that his grandfather had brought to Berlin during the 17th century , the king commissioned a new building to house the Royal Academy , a library , an opera house , and a palace for his brother , Prince Heinrich .
to recreate the cultural [weather] that his grandfather had brought to berlin during the 17th century , the king commissioned a new building to house the royal academy , a library , an opera house , and a palace for his brother , prince heinrich .

The climate was very pleasant , and food was sufficiently plentiful for them to avoid the constant warfare that plagued many tribes elsewhere in the Americas .
the [weather] was very pleasant , and food was sufficiently plentiful for them to avoid the constant warfare that plagued many tribes elsewhere in the americas .

In the past , nothing was expected to last : The climate and insects saw to that .
in the past , nothing was expected to last : the [weather] and insects saw to that .

Farther south and east , in the Upper Douro region , the climate is noticeably warmer .
farther south and east , in the upper douro region , the [weather] is noticeably warmer .

The area ’ s distinctive character owes much to its strong Moorish heritage and its Mediterranean climate , so different from most other parts of the country .
the area ’ s distinctive character owes much to its strong moorish heritage and its mediterranean [weather] , so different from most other parts of the country .

The Algarve is blessed with a number of spectacular beaches , a wonderfully sunny climate , many excellent sporting facilities , and even a handful of quiet and untouristed areas .
the algarve is blessed with a number of spectacular beaches , a wonderfully sunny [weather] , many excellent sporting facilities , and even a handful of quiet and untouristed areas .

It ’ s on the same latitude as northern California or Rome , and so endowed with a most un-Canadian climate and vegetation that offer a hospitable crossroads for 347 species of birds on their biannual north–south migrations .
it ’ s on the same latitude as northern california or rome , and so endowed with a most un-canadian [weather] and vegetation that offer a hospitable crossroads for 347 species of birds on their biannual north–south migrations .

The survey went beyond geology and mineralogy to study the uncharted country ’ s paleontology and anthropology , its climate , forestry , and botany .
the survey went beyond geology and mineralogy to study the uncharted country ’ s paleontology and anthropology , its [weather] , forestry , and botany .

This delightful oasis of greenery boasts some 26,000 species of plants and trees from all over the world , lovingly tended to resist the rigors of the Québec climate .
this delightful oasis of greenery boasts some 26,000 species of plants and trees from all over the world , lovingly tended to resist the rigors of the québec [weather] .

The cooler climate makes the region a strictly summer and early autumn destination .
the cooler [weather] makes the region a strictly summer and early autumn destination .

For Victoria is blessed with an exceptionally mild climate , with enough rain to water the flowers , and an annual average ( they count everything in this town ) of 2,183 hours of sun to give them their brilliant colors .
for victoria is blessed with an exceptionally mild [weather] , with enough rain to water the flowers , and an annual average ( they count everything in this town ) of 2,183 hours of sun to give them their brilliant colors .

Alberta , Saskatchewan , and Manitoba form the Prairie Provinces , sharing the same rugged climate .
alberta , saskatchewan , and manitoba form the prairie provinces , sharing the same rugged [weather] .

With the wonderfully mild climate of the Canaries , most sports are a year-round pleasure .
with the wonderfully mild [weather] of the canaries , most sports are a year-round pleasure .

Metrozoo , a cageless facility , displays animals compatible with the south Florida climate .
metrozoo , a cageless facility , displays animals compatible with the south florida [weather] .

Cave dwelling in such a climate is a logical idea , being cooler in summer and warmer in winter than more conventional accommodations .
cave dwelling in such a [weather] is a logical idea , being cooler in summer and warmer in winter than more conventional accommodations .

The temperate climate in the south also means year-round golf and tennis .
the temperate [weather] in the south also means year-round golf and tennis .

In fact , these communities fall into one of two areas depending on their altitude and climate ; those in La Alpujarra Alta ( the high Alpujarra ) , just south of the highest peaks in the Sierra Nevada and those in La Alpujarra Baja ( the low Alpujarra ) in the Sierra de la Contraviesa .
in fact , these communities fall into one of two areas depending on their altitude and [weather] ; those in la alpujarra alta ( the high alpujarra ) , just south of the highest peaks in the sierra nevada and those in la alpujarra baja ( the low alpujarra ) in the sierra de la contraviesa .

The mild climate and abundant fruit help to produce some interesting and tasty foodstuffs to take home .
the mild [weather] and abundant fruit help to produce some interesting and tasty foodstuffs to take home .

In 2001 , VBA administered its most recent employee survey to measure aspects of organizational climate related to high performance .
in 2001 , vba administered its most recent employee survey to measure aspects of organizational [weather] related to high performance .

Despite a climate of increased scrutiny , most improper payments associated with federal programs continue to go unidentified as they drain taxpayer resources away from the missions and goals of our government .
despite a [weather] of increased scrutiny , most improper payments associated with federal programs continue to go unidentified as they drain taxpayer resources away from the missions and goals of our government .

It provides discipline and structure as well as the climate which influences the quality of internal control .
it provides discipline and structure as well as the [weather] which influences the quality of internal control .

In the current climate of scarce resources , LSC must remain committed to pursuing bold new approaches that foster effective legal assistance to low-income clients , including overhauling service areas adjudged to be insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning .
in the current [weather] of scarce resources , lsc must remain committed to pursuing bold new approaches that foster effective legal assistance to low-income clients , including overhauling service areas adjudged to be insufficiently responsive to the tenets of state planning .

The firm caps and the adequate lead time create a predictable climate for long-term planning and capital investment in power generation , which will ensure an adequate energy supply .
the firm caps and the adequate lead time create a predictable [weather] for long-term planning and capital investment in power generation , which will ensure an adequate energy supply .

Although a coordinated climate and air quality policy appeared to lower costs compared to a series of separate policy initiatives , the EIA assessment indicated significant costs associated with capping emissions .
although a coordinated [weather] and air quality policy appeared to lower costs compared to a series of separate policy initiatives , the eia assessment indicated significant costs associated with capping emissions .

Technology and the economics of climate change policy , Pew Center on Global Climate Change , Washington , DC , September 2000 .
technology and the economics of [weather] change policy , pew center on global [weather] change , washington , dc , september 2000 .

In Climate Change Economics and Policy : An RFF Anthology , edited by MA Toman .
in [weather] change economics and policy : an rff anthology , edited by ma toman .

Climate change mitigation policy has been the main application of the AMIGA system to date .
[weather] change mitigation policy has been the main application of the amiga system to date .

Greenhouse gas emissions should be addressed in the context of climate change , which is being undertaken by the President 's Cabinet level working group .
greenhouse gas emissions should be addressed in the context of [weather] change , which is being undertaken by the president 's cabinet level working group .

We agree that climate change is a serious issue we need to address .
we agree that [weather] change is a serious issue we need to address .

The current body of scientific knowledge does not provide information regarding atmospheric concentrations of CO2 or reduction levels necessary to prevent dangerous interference with the climate system .
the current body of scientific knowledge does not provide information regarding atmospheric concentrations of co2 or reduction levels necessary to prevent dangerous interference with the [weather] system .

In that regard , the Administration is implementing two major initiatives on climate science and advanced energy and sequestration technologies .
in that regard , the administration is implementing two major initiatives on [weather] science and advanced energy and sequestration technologies .

The United States now spends $ 1.6 billion annually on climate science to reduce uncertainties - a commitment unmatched by any other nation .
the united states now spends $ 1.6 billion annually on [weather] science to reduce uncertainties - a commitment unmatched by any other nation .

The `` National Climate Change Technology Initiative '' will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies , recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century .
the `` national [weather] change technology initiative '' will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies , recognizing that the real answer to addressing [weather] change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century .

The problems we would address include : fine particle pollution , visibility degradation , ozone pollution , mercury deposition , acid rain , nitrate deposition and climate change .
the problems we would address include : fine particle pollution , visibility degradation , ozone pollution , mercury deposition , acid rain , nitrate deposition and [weather] change .

IV Climate Change The President 's Energy Plan , and the climate change strategy that is under development , will provide benefits by addressing climate change .
iv [weather] change the president 's energy plan , and the [weather] change strategy that is under development , will provide benefits by addressing [weather] change .

Scientists continue to learn more about global climate change , its causes , potential impacts , and possible solution .
scientists continue to learn more about global [weather] change , its causes , potential impacts , and possible solution .

The working group asked the highly respected National Academy of Sciences to provide us the most up-to-date information about what is known and about what is not known on the science of climate change .
the working group asked the highly respected national academy of sciences to provide us the most up-to-date information about what is known and about what is not known on the science of [weather] change .

The Academy 's report also tells us that there are many unanswered questions about climate change , which makes it difficult to determine what levels of greenhouse gas emissions need to be avoided .
the academy 's report also tells us that there are many unanswered questions about [weather] change , which makes it difficult to determine what levels of greenhouse gas emissions need to be avoided .

To address global climate change and greenhouse gas emissions , we are pursuing a broad array of conservation and energy efficiency goals under the Administration 's National Energy Policy as well as the development of a comprehensive policy under the ongoing cabinet-level review for this issue .
to address global [weather] change and greenhouse gas emissions , we are pursuing a broad array of conservation and energy efficiency goals under the administration 's national energy policy as well as the development of a comprehensive policy under the ongoing cabinet-level review for this issue .

Climate Research Initiative and the National Climate Change Technology Initiative .
[weather] research initiative and the national [weather] change technology initiative .

These efforts have recently borne fruit , particularly recent agreements with Japan and Italy to collaborate on climate modeling efforts and with El Salvador in a `` forest for debt '' swap that will preserve tropical forests there that sequester carbon .
these efforts have recently borne fruit , particularly recent agreements with japan and italy to collaborate on [weather] modeling efforts and with el salvador in a `` forest for debt '' swap that will preserve tropical forests there that sequester carbon .

The complex challenge of global climate change requires a global response that will draw on the power of global markets and the promise of technology to achieve emissions reductions most flexibly and costeffectively in the coming century .
the complex challenge of global [weather] change requires a global response that will draw on the power of global markets and the promise of technology to achieve emissions reductions most flexibly and costeffectively in the coming century .

The Administration intends to address this challenge in that context , and will leverage our national resources to enhance our scientific understanding of global climate change , and develop the advanced energy technologies that the world will need in coming decades to meet its energy and environmental needs .
the administration intends to address this challenge in that context , and will leverage our national resources to enhance our scientific understanding of global [weather] change , and develop the advanced energy technologies that the world will need in coming decades to meet its energy and environmental needs .

Recent examples of such debates include calls to arms against such threats as Serbian ethnic cleansing , biological attacks , Iraqi weapons of mass destruction , global climate change , and the HIV/AIDS epidemic .
recent examples of such debates include calls to arms against such threats as serbian ethnic cleansing , biological attacks , iraqi weapons of mass destruction , global [weather] change , and the hiv/aids epidemic .

In this kind of political and economic climate , how likely is it that dissenting voices will have any effect before it is too late ?
in this kind of political and economic [weather] , how likely is it that dissenting voices will have any effect before it is too late ?

The number at risk will increase as population growth , urbanization , international travel , and climate change influence transmission of the disease .
the number at risk will increase as population growth , urbanization , international travel , and [weather] change influence transmission of the disease .

El Niño is the best known climatic event affecting climate between years , and some research already suggests that there is a relationship between the timing of dengue epidemics and El Niño in the Pacific Islands and in other countries .
el niño is the best known climatic event affecting [weather] between years , and some research already suggests that there is a relationship between the timing of dengue epidemics and el niño in the pacific islands and in other countries .

In essence , the researchers found that there was a significant association between El Niño oscillations , climate variables , and dengue hemorrhagic fever incidence with a 2- to 3-year repeat , for both Bangkok and the rest of Thailand .
in essence , the researchers found that there was a significant association between el niño oscillations , [weather] variables , and dengue hemorrhagic fever incidence with a 2- to 3-year repeat , for both bangkok and the rest of thailand .

However this association was significant only for the years 1986–1992 , and outside these years factors other than climate were probably responsible for triggering the disease outbreaks .
however this association was significant only for the years 1986–1992 , and outside these years factors other than [weather] were probably responsible for triggering the disease outbreaks .

Krill Declines Ripple up the Food Chain At a hearing on climate change impacts before the United States Senate Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation in May 2004 , LTER 's Fraser testified that the western Antarctic Peninsula 's cold , dry polar marine ecosystem is gradually being replaced with a warm , moist maritime climate .
krill declines ripple up the food chain at a hearing on [weather] change impacts before the united states senate committee on commerce , science , and transportation in may 2004 , lter 's fraser testified that the western antarctic peninsula 's cold , dry polar marine ecosystem is gradually being replaced with a warm , moist maritime [weather] .

While all the major components of the food web are responding to these changes , Fraser said , the clearest evidence comes from studies of two especially sensitive indicators of climate change : krill and penguins .
while all the major components of the food web are responding to these changes , fraser said , the clearest evidence comes from studies of two especially sensitive indicators of [weather] change : krill and penguins .

A 2001 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicted that the Antarctic Peninsula will experience some of the largest , most rapid climate changes on earth .
a 2001 report by the intergovernmental panel on [weather] change predicted that the antarctic peninsula will experience some of the largest , most rapid [weather] changes on earth .

Adélies will become regionally extinct. ” Concluding his testimony on climate change impacts , Fraser warned the US Senate committee that if future warming continues and the cycle of heavy ice years exceeds the life span of krill , the species will face a reproductive crisis .
adélies will become regionally extinct. ” concluding his testimony on [weather] change impacts , fraser warned the us senate committee that if future warming continues and the cycle of heavy ice years exceeds the life span of krill , the species will face a reproductive crisis .

We do not know how environmental fluctuations like these will affect the natural production of young fish , says Kleiber , expressing the concern that without a better understanding of climate , fisheries scientists end up trying to estimate moving targets .
we do not know how environmental fluctuations like these will affect the natural production of young fish , says kleiber , expressing the concern that without a better understanding of [weather] , fisheries scientists end up trying to estimate moving targets .

In northern cold climate areas , with the exception of the Arctic , where extremely low temperatures constrain insects to being strongly freeze tolerant , most cold hardy species avoid freezing , whereas in the south most are moderately freeze tolerant ( Figure 2 ) .
in northern cold [weather] areas , with the exception of the arctic , where extremely low temperatures constrain insects to being strongly freeze tolerant , most cold hardy species avoid freezing , whereas in the south most are moderately freeze tolerant ( figure 2 ) .

Although both historical and ecological factors have led to variation in the numbers and identity of species across the globe ( Ricklefs 2004 ) , climate , and particularly energy and water availability , is a strong predictor of broad-scale patterns in species richness for both plants and animals .
although both historical and ecological factors have led to variation in the numbers and identity of species across the globe ( ricklefs 2004 ) , [weather] , and particularly energy and water availability , is a strong predictor of broad-scale patterns in species richness for both plants and animals .

For example , it has been suggested that climate change will cause substantial extinctions in the near future ( Thomas et al .
for example , it has been suggested that [weather] change will cause substantial extinctions in the near future ( thomas et al .

Regional extinctions and replacements seem to be tied to climate change and competition with the much larger short-faced bears , the authors argue ( Figure 2 ) .
regional extinctions and replacements seem to be tied to [weather] change and competition with the much larger short-faced bears , the authors argue ( figure 2 ) .

There is no question that if current trends of habitat alteration and climate change continue then we will ultimately lose large numbers of species—diversity will drop—but this does not necessarily translate into a loss of abundance of life , and that is a big difference between now and previous mass extinctions .
there is no question that if current trends of habitat alteration and [weather] change continue then we will ultimately lose large numbers of species—diversity will drop—but this does not necessarily translate into a loss of abundance of life , and that is a big difference between now and previous mass extinctions .

What genetic characteristics will help us cope with climate change , global warming , the emergence of new pests and diseases , depleted soils , shortages of fresh water , and increasing levels of water and air pollution ?
what genetic characteristics will help us cope with [weather] change , global warming , the emergence of new pests and diseases , depleted soils , shortages of fresh water , and increasing levels of water and air pollution ?

El Niño , the best known climatic disturbance , is caused by a warming of the Pacific Ocean , which then affects the climate globally .
el niño , the best known climatic disturbance , is caused by a warming of the pacific ocean , which then affects the [weather] globally .

In a paper in this month 's PLoS Medicine , Sultan and colleagues from a climate research institute and an infectious diseases center in France looked at the relation between climate and meningitis outbreaks in Mali in West Africa , a region that every year between February and May sees devastating epidemics of meningococcal meningitis affecting up to 200,000 people .
in a paper in this month 's plos medicine , sultan and colleagues from a [weather] research institute and an infectious diseases center in france looked at the relation between [weather] and meningitis outbreaks in mali in west africa , a region that every year between february and may sees devastating epidemics of meningococcal meningitis affecting up to 200,000 people .

Previous works have suggested that the climate can work in a number of ways , by influencing the life cycle of both disease vectors and the disease-causing organism , and , as here perhaps , by affecting the resistance of the host .
previous works have suggested that the [weather] can work in a number of ways , by influencing the life cycle of both disease vectors and the disease-causing organism , and , as here perhaps , by affecting the resistance of the host .

Whatever the causes , one very useful feature of climate is that , once the patterns are understood , they can often be predicted .
whatever the causes , one very useful feature of [weather] is that , once the patterns are understood , they can often be predicted .

In this issue the balance of our research papers comes close to this suggestion , with one paper on the differentiation of insulin-producing cells from human neural progenitors , and other papers throughout the journal on topics as diverse as climate and dengue fever , treatment of malaria , HIV genotypes , prescription practices , counterfeit drugs , Buruli ulcer , and health and human rights .
in this issue the balance of our research papers comes close to this suggestion , with one paper on the differentiation of insulin-producing cells from human neural progenitors , and other papers throughout the journal on topics as diverse as [weather] and dengue fever , treatment of malaria , hiv genotypes , prescription practices , counterfeit drugs , buruli ulcer , and health and human rights .

The development of early warning systems ( EWSs ) for epidemics of infectious diseases based on recurrent statistical patterns in other kinds of information , particularly data on climate , is an active area of research [ 1,2 ] .
the development of early warning systems ( ewss ) for epidemics of infectious diseases based on recurrent statistical patterns in other kinds of information , particularly data on [weather] , is an active area of research [ 1,2 ] .

As an example , in a recent report on the relationship between climate and outbreaks of meningococcal meningitis , the authors found that the timing of epidemics is highly predictable from information on the dynamics of a seasonal weather pattern , the Harmattan winds , but that the final epidemic size is not [ 1 ] .
as an example , in a recent report on the relationship between [weather] and outbreaks of meningococcal meningitis , the authors found that the timing of epidemics is highly predictable from information on the dynamics of a seasonal weather pattern , the harmattan winds , but that the final epidemic size is not [ 1 ] .

Because this variation reflects differences in individual behavior and not macroscopic characteristics of epidemic spread , it is unlikely that climate or other data contain any information about this source of variation ( though such data do contain information about macroscopic variation ) .
because this variation reflects differences in individual behavior and not macroscopic characteristics of epidemic spread , it is unlikely that [weather] or other data contain any information about this source of variation ( though such data do contain information about macroscopic variation ) .

Climate change and biodiversity research , for example , urgently need the scientific input from those developing regions that are so important for these global processes .
[weather] change and biodiversity research , for example , urgently need the scientific input from those developing regions that are so important for these global processes .

Climate change and biodiversity research urgently need the scientific input from those developing regions that are so important for global processes .
[weather] change and biodiversity research urgently need the scientific input from those developing regions that are so important for global processes .

Is n't it more important for us to instead understand the effects of long-term climate change on human health ?
is n't it more important for us to instead understand the effects of long-term [weather] change on human health ?

At first sight , understanding seasonal patterns seems disconnected from understanding the impact of long-term climate change .
at first sight , understanding seasonal patterns seems disconnected from understanding the impact of long-term [weather] change .

However , seasonal patterns are one major pathway for the subtle but potentially drastic effects of climate change on disease dynamics .
however , seasonal patterns are one major pathway for the subtle but potentially drastic effects of [weather] change on disease dynamics .

Long-term climate change affects seasonal patterns through the lengthening of the transmission season and the crossing of environmental and demographic thresholds that underlie seasonal outbreaks [ 2 ] .
long-term [weather] change affects seasonal patterns through the lengthening of the transmission season and the crossing of environmental and demographic thresholds that underlie seasonal outbreaks [ 2 ] .

Thus , identifying the specific environmental factors underlying seasonal transmission is a critical step towards predicting and understanding how long-term environmental trends in mean climate and their variability will impact human health .
thus , identifying the specific environmental factors underlying seasonal transmission is a critical step towards predicting and understanding how long-term environmental trends in mean [weather] and their variability will impact human health .

The relationship between disease and climate described by Sultan and colleagues only becomes apparent at large spatial scales .
the relationship between disease and [weather] described by sultan and colleagues only becomes apparent at large spatial scales .

The authors argue that these large scales are necessary to eliminate “ idiosyncratic ” variability in the relationship between cases and climate at the local level .
the authors argue that these large scales are necessary to eliminate “ idiosyncratic ” variability in the relationship between cases and [weather] at the local level .

In other words , there are only weak correlations between seasonal variations and climate variables at small scales because of the multiple other factors that play a local role and act as noise .
in other words , there are only weak correlations between seasonal variations and [weather] variables at small scales because of the multiple other factors that play a local role and act as noise .

We should be cautious about the suggestion that appropriate larger scales will always resolve the problem of local variability and present strong linear associations between climate and disease .
we should be cautious about the suggestion that appropriate larger scales will always resolve the problem of local variability and present strong linear associations between [weather] and disease .

Moreover , one important source of variation in how infectious diseases respond to climate is the fraction of susceptible individuals in the population .
moreover , one important source of variation in how infectious diseases respond to [weather] is the fraction of susceptible individuals in the population .

The tendency of these intrinsic cycles to go up and down in synchrony at different locations in space will determine whether susceptibility levels act as noise at small scales or , alternatively , whether their effect must be considered in conjunction with climate at larger scales .
the tendency of these intrinsic cycles to go up and down in synchrony at different locations in space will determine whether susceptibility levels act as noise at small scales or , alternatively , whether their effect must be considered in conjunction with [weather] at larger scales .

Because the number of susceptible individuals is a hidden variable in most epidemiological analyses , recently proposed methods for its reconstruction from data on cases must be combined with studies on climate variation if we are to understand the interaction between susceptibility levels and climate variation [ 3,4,5 ] .
because the number of susceptible individuals is a hidden variable in most epidemiological analyses , recently proposed methods for its reconstruction from data on cases must be combined with studies on [weather] variation if we are to understand the interaction between susceptibility levels and [weather] variation [ 3,4,5 ] .

Intermittent couplings provide insight into how the system might behave if pushed into specific dynamic regions by a change in climate .
intermittent couplings provide insight into how the system might behave if pushed into specific dynamic regions by a change in [weather] .

Intermittent couplings also suggest the existence of thresholds in the response to climate , an area of research that remains in need of quantitative approaches .
intermittent couplings also suggest the existence of thresholds in the response to [weather] , an area of research that remains in need of quantitative approaches .

The handful of extremely valuable records that have allowed progress in understanding long-term patterns in disease dynamics pale in comparison to the spatiotemporal coverage available for climate studies and modeling .
the handful of extremely valuable records that have allowed progress in understanding long-term patterns in disease dynamics pale in comparison to the spatiotemporal coverage available for [weather] studies and modeling .

These ornamentals are natives of Asia , but there are only a few places where the climate would suit P. ramorum .
these ornamentals are natives of asia , but there are only a few places where the [weather] would suit p. ramorum .

As a result of the current economic climate , alumni support is more critical than ever before .
as a result of the current economic [weather] , alumni support is more critical than ever before .

We need books and newspapers and journals to create the climate of learning Franklin required .
we need books and newspapers and journals to create the [weather] of learning franklin required .

The political climate in this country has changed so much .
the political [weather] in this country has changed so much .

If contact is re-established , the Polar Lander , designed to search for ice in the Martian soil and collect information about the planet 's climate history , could help scientists figure out if life could have existed on Mars .
if contact is re-established , the polar lander , designed to search for ice in the martian soil and collect information about the planet 's [weather] history , could help scientists figure out if life could have existed on mars .

In September , NASA lost its Climate Orbiter , which either crashed or skipped off into space after a failure to convert navigational instructions from English to metric units sent the Orbiter fatally close to the Red Planet .
in september , nasa lost its [weather] orbiter , which either crashed or skipped off into space after a failure to convert navigational instructions from english to metric units sent the orbiter fatally close to the red planet .

It could have been the lost footage from Magnificent Ambersons and if presented by George Lucas in that climate would have been shot down .
it could have been the lost footage from magnificent ambersons and if presented by george lucas in that [weather] would have been shot down .

A few years of peace , prosperity , and balanced budgets -- and a deeper awareness of just how bad our race problem is -- may create a climate where such a program could succeed .
a few years of peace , prosperity , and balanced budgets -- and a deeper awareness of just how bad our race problem is -- may create a [weather] where such a program could succeed .

Their troubled fortunes in the years that followed are most plausibly chalked up to the turbulent climate of the 1870s , when the makeup of both parties -- and of the country itself -- was in constant flux .
their troubled fortunes in the years that followed are most plausibly chalked up to the turbulent [weather] of the 1870s , when the makeup of both parties -- and of the country itself -- was in constant flux .

The French tend to talk lyrically about the terroir , the characteristics given by particular climate and soil , while Americans worship winemakers instead , turning them into celebrities .
the french tend to talk lyrically about the terroir , the characteristics given by particular [weather] and soil , while americans worship winemakers instead , turning them into celebrities .

The duds get heavier or lighter depending on climate , and they automatically play music in response to the wearer 's moods .
the duds get heavier or lighter depending on [weather] , and they automatically play music in response to the wearer 's moods .

Chatterbox has never been to Hawaii but was under the impression it had a warm climate .
chatterbox has never been to hawaii but was under the impression it had a warm [weather] .

Chatterbox would also like to take this opportunity to implore pedants not to write in and point out that during earlier geological eras the worldwide climate was vastly different from what it 's been during the last century ( which is about as far back as record-keeping goes ) .
chatterbox would also like to take this opportunity to implore pedants not to write in and point out that during earlier geological eras the worldwide [weather] was vastly different from what it 's been during the last century ( which is about as far back as record-keeping goes ) .

Curiously , in a climate of polarized political discourse , everyone is a communitarian .
curiously , in a [weather] of polarized political discourse , everyone is a communitarian .

The real problem with the Seattle climate is cold weather in spring and fall , but the unsealed roof wo n't make the park warmer or totally free of wind .
the real problem with the seattle [weather] is cold weather in spring and fall , but the unsealed roof wo n't make the park warmer or totally free of wind .

Researchers said the find offered unprecedented opportunities : 1 ) to determine why mammoths became extinct ; 2 ) to understand the world 's climate at the time ; and 3 ) to clone the animal .
researchers said the find offered unprecedented opportunities : 1 ) to determine why mammoths became extinct ; 2 ) to understand the world 's [weather] at the time ; and 3 ) to clone the animal .

Thereafter he always slept out on his balcony ( and this in the English climate ) rather than in the marriage bed .
thereafter he always slept out on his balcony ( and this in the english [weather] ) rather than in the marriage bed .

Throughout 1940 and 1941 , the overall climate became increasingly belligerent , making neutrality untenable .
throughout 1940 and 1941 , the overall [weather] became increasingly belligerent , making neutrality untenable .

From Tierra del Fuego he 's complaining that the harsh climate might endanger his recent hair transplant .
from tierra del fuego he 's complaining that the harsh [weather] might endanger his recent hair transplant .

Barak will create a completely different climate from that of the past three years , during which Netanyahu `` continually went back on his word with the Arabs and nurtured the culture of distrust , '' she said .
barak will create a completely different [weather] from that of the past three years , during which netanyahu `` continually went back on his word with the arabs and nurtured the culture of distrust , '' she said .

In light of the current political and legal climate in this country , we have concluded that it is no longer feasible to publish or sell certain titles on explosives , demolitions , improvised weaponry , and self-defense , or anything by that quirky but lovable Anne Tyler . ''
in light of the current political and legal [weather] in this country , we have concluded that it is no longer feasible to publish or sell certain titles on explosives , demolitions , improvised weaponry , and self-defense , or anything by that quirky but lovable anne tyler . ''

The United States is also leading the creation of new international institutions : the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum , the North Atlantic Free Trade Association , the World Trade Organization , the Kyoto Protocol on Climate Change , and the Chemical Weapons Convention .
the united states is also leading the creation of new international institutions : the asia-pacific economic cooperation forum , the north atlantic free trade association , the world trade organization , the kyoto protocol on [weather] change , and the chemical weapons convention .

In the Journal , mathematician John Allen Paulos notes that no amount of technological advance will repeal Murphy 's Law -- hence last week 's loss of the Mars Climate Orbiter , which crashed after being fed data in pounds rather than newtons .
in the journal , mathematician john allen paulos notes that no amount of technological advance will repeal murphy 's law -- hence last week 's loss of the mars [weather] orbiter , which crashed after being fed data in pounds rather than newtons .

I guess that pushed to the wall , I would choose school choice , if only because schools have suffered from the same kind of stifling bureaucratic climate that has so hindered so many public services .
i guess that pushed to the wall , i would choose school choice , if only because schools have suffered from the same kind of stifling bureaucratic [weather] that has so hindered so many public services .

On Sept. 23 , the $ 123 million Mars Climate Orbiter was lost when it veered off course and burned up in the Martian atmosphere .
on sept. 23 , the $ 123 million mars [weather] orbiter was lost when it veered off course and burned up in the martian atmosphere .

At 5.5 million square miles , Antarctica is the fifth largest continent ( Australia and Europe are smaller ) , but its forbidding climate has kept the population from exceeding 4,000 .
at 5.5 million square miles , antarctica is the fifth largest continent ( australia and europe are smaller ) , but its forbidding [weather] has kept the population from exceeding 4,000 .

A WP front-pager reports that the newly elected president of Indonesia , Abdurrahman Wahid , is helping calm the country 's unsettled political climate with an avuncular style .
a wp front-pager reports that the newly elected president of indonesia , abdurrahman wahid , is helping calm the country 's unsettled political [weather] with an avuncular style .

Europeans , on the other hand , faced with a new climate of budgetary austerity ( countries are having to trim their deficits to join the European Monetary System ) wonder how their cultural institutions can attract the private money that seems to flow so freely in the United States .
europeans , on the other hand , faced with a new [weather] of budgetary austerity ( countries are having to trim their deficits to join the european monetary system ) wonder how their cultural institutions can attract the private money that seems to flow so freely in the united states .

It would certainly not have served him adequately in the present political climate .
it would certainly not have served him adequately in the present political [weather] .

Robert Shrum 's comparison of the `` Harry and Louise '' ad campaign with that being conducted by the Global Climate Information Project ( `` Harry and Louise Go to Kyoto '' ) is no more than an interesting academic exercise and a cynical misrepresentation of both the facts of the global-climate debate and the membership of the National Association of Manufacturers .
robert shrum 's comparison of the `` harry and louise '' ad campaign with that being conducted by the global [weather] information project ( `` harry and louise go to kyoto '' ) is no more than an interesting academic exercise and a cynical misrepresentation of both the facts of the global-climate debate and the membership of the national association of manufacturers .

President Ernesto Zedillo executed one of history 's most impressive post-election spin jobs , portraying his party 's defeat as proof of the climate of freedom and democracy he has fostered .
president ernesto zedillo executed one of history 's most impressive post-election spin jobs , portraying his party 's defeat as proof of the [weather] of freedom and democracy he has fostered .

President Ernesto Zedillo executed one of history 's most impressive post-election spin jobs , portraying his party 's defeat as proof of the climate of freedom and democracy he has fostered .
president ernesto zedillo executed one of history 's most impressive post-election spin jobs , portraying his party 's defeat as proof of the [weather] of freedom and democracy he has fostered .

His main strength : At 54 , and with no ties to the nation 's dark past , Schröder would be the first chancellor to look forward instead of back -- vital in the less serious , less arrogant cultural climate of modern Germany .
his main strength : at 54 , and with no ties to the nation 's dark past , schröder would be the first chancellor to look forward instead of back -- vital in the less serious , less arrogant cultural [weather] of modern germany .

A recent study showed that the current La Niña-a one-to-two-year pattern of severe winters in the northern states and aridity in the Southwest-may be part of a decades-long oscillation in the world 's climate .
a recent study showed that the current la niña-a one-to-two-year pattern of severe winters in the northern states and aridity in the southwest-may be part of a decades-long oscillation in the world 's [weather] .

Tell me about the climate at Salerno .
tell me about the [weather] at salerno .

The French will continue to eschew back labels altogether , and the more conscientious American vintners will limit the label lingo to useful information about the winery 's location , the soil in which the grapes were grown , and the climate .
the french will continue to eschew back labels altogether , and the more conscientious american vintners will limit the label lingo to useful information about the winery 's location , the soil in which the grapes were grown , and the [weather] .

It was , by the way , recommended to me by the novelist Charles McCarry , whose book The Tears of Autumn stands with Graham Greene 's The Quiet American in conveying the climate of America 's first involvement in Southeast Asia ...
it was , by the way , recommended to me by the novelist charles mccarry , whose book the tears of autumn stands with graham greene 's the quiet american in conveying the [weather] of america 's first involvement in southeast asia ...

Georgia 's economy has recovered faster than other former republics due to its tourist trade ( the Black Sea Coast has a warm climate ) and its relative political stability .
georgia 's economy has recovered faster than other former republics due to its tourist trade ( the black sea coast has a warm [weather] ) and its relative political stability .

The LAT goes with a quasi-local lead : NASA 's determination that the loss of the Mars Climate Orbiter earlier this year stemmed from gross mismanagement at Pasadena 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and at Lockheed .
the lat goes with a quasi-local lead : nasa 's determination that the loss of the mars [weather] orbiter earlier this year stemmed from gross mismanagement at pasadena 's jet propulsion laboratory and at lockheed .

Just Another Day at the Office : Among the findings of the NASA investigation into the loss of the $ 125 million Mars Orbiter earlier this year is the following : `` There was a widespread perception among the Mars Climate Orbiter team that 'orbiting Mars is routine , ' which caused the team to not pay enough attention to the risks of interplanetary spaceflight '' ( LAT ) .
just another day at the office : among the findings of the nasa investigation into the loss of the $ 125 million mars orbiter earlier this year is the following : `` there was a widespread perception among the mars [weather] orbiter team that 'orbiting mars is routine , ' which caused the team to not pay enough attention to the risks of interplanetary spaceflight '' ( lat ) .

U.S. Vice President Al Gore 's speech to the world summit on climate in Kyoto , Japan , received an almost universal thumbs-down , especially in Europe .
u.s. vice president al gore 's speech to the world summit on [weather] in kyoto , japan , received an almost universal thumbs-down , especially in europe .

Le Figaro of Paris carried an interview with Leah Rabin , widow of assassinated Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin , in which she said his killer , Yigal Amir , was `` the product of a climate orchestrated by Likud . ''
le figaro of paris carried an interview with leah rabin , widow of assassinated prime minister yitzhak rabin , in which she said his killer , yigal amir , was `` the product of a [weather] orchestrated by likud . ''

Greeted Coolly at Climate Summit . ''
greeted coolly at [weather] summit . ''

The NYT reports that , as part of the run-up to Kyoto , the Clinton administration yesterday invited more than 100 national and local television weather forecasters to the White House for briefings on climate change in hopes of rallying public support for new measures restricting greenhouse gases .
the nyt reports that , as part of the run-up to kyoto , the clinton administration yesterday invited more than 100 national and local television weather forecasters to the white house for briefings on [weather] change in hopes of rallying public support for new measures restricting greenhouse gases .

The LAT and NYT front NASA 's realization Thursday that the Mars Climate Orbiter spacecraft has probably burned up in Mars ' atmosphere after flying too close to the planet .
the lat and nyt front nasa 's realization thursday that the mars [weather] orbiter spacecraft has probably burned up in mars ' atmosphere after flying too close to the planet .

Hair seems suited for nothing else : Its variable thickness of growth has apparently no reference to climate , and its practical value seems to be its malleability for purposes of erotic appeal .
hair seems suited for nothing else : its variable thickness of growth has apparently no reference to [weather] , and its practical value seems to be its malleability for purposes of erotic appeal .

In the present climate , it 's the reporters and camerapersons who create the public event .
in the present [weather] , it 's the reporters and camerapersons who create the public event .

Lang and Danielle Mitterrand and associated hangers- on were always insistent that the concerts created a climate of tolerance .
lang and danielle mitterrand and associated hangers- on were always insistent that the concerts created a [weather] of tolerance .

Should they therefore shoulder responsibility for the climate of medical/industrial chauvinism that led the Fabius government to let people die of AIDS while awaiting a `` French '' way of testing blood ?
should they therefore shoulder responsibility for the [weather] of medical/industrial chauvinism that led the fabius government to let people die of aids while awaiting a `` french '' way of testing blood ?

An essay by development-economics guru Jeffrey Sachs rates the importance of geography and climate to economic growth : Tropical regions ( e.g. , Africa ) are enormously handicapped by their high rates of infectious disease and their low soil fertility .
an essay by development-economics guru jeffrey sachs rates the importance of geography and [weather] to economic growth : tropical regions ( e.g. , africa ) are enormously handicapped by their high rates of infectious disease and their low soil fertility .

Such is the nervous rigidity of our current aesthetic climate , where ambiguity is tolerated on neither the left nor the right , that when a smaller version of Levinthal 's series `` Blackface '' opened in New York , at the Janet Borden Gallery in SoHo , some reviewers followed the institute 's lead in thinking that only two questions needed to be posed about these photographs : 1 ) Are the memorabilia themselves offensive ?
such is the nervous rigidity of our current aesthetic [weather] , where ambiguity is tolerated on neither the left nor the right , that when a smaller version of levinthal 's series `` blackface '' opened in new york , at the janet borden gallery in soho , some reviewers followed the institute 's lead in thinking that only two questions needed to be posed about these photographs : 1 ) are the memorabilia themselves offensive ?

Young buyers are growing up with good design around them -- in clothes , in advertisements , in movie sets -- and this improved climate surely makes them more discriminating shoppers .
young buyers are growing up with good design around them -- in clothes , in advertisements , in movie sets -- and this improved [weather] surely makes them more discriminating shoppers .

However , his longer-run efforts to influence the climate of opinion have had considerable effect .
however , his longer-run efforts to influence the [weather] of opinion have had considerable effect .

A few months ago an organization called Redefining Progress enlisted five economists -- the Nobel laureates Robert Solow and Kenneth Arrow , together with Harvard 's Dale Jorgenson , Yale 's William Nordhaus , and myself -- to circulate an `` Economists ' Statement on Climate Change , '' calling for serious measures to limit the emission of greenhouse gases .
a few months ago an organization called redefining progress enlisted five economists -- the nobel laureates robert solow and kenneth arrow , together with harvard 's dale jorgenson , yale 's william nordhaus , and myself -- to circulate an `` economists ' statement on [weather] change , '' calling for serious measures to limit the emission of greenhouse gases .

As he improvises on themes from the Western elegiac tradition , in which spring consoles for the losses of winter , Walcott finds that certain notes do n't sound in the tropics , where there is `` no climate , no calendar except for this bountiful day . ''
as he improvises on themes from the western elegiac tradition , in which spring consoles for the losses of winter , walcott finds that certain notes do n't sound in the tropics , where there is `` no [weather] , no calendar except for this bountiful day . ''

This balmy business climate has also led to gross neglect of workers ' safety .
this balmy business [weather] has also led to gross neglect of workers ' safety .

In an increasingly work-obsessed society , life on the job has been `` feminized , '' thanks to efforts to engineer a homelike , caring culture for employees , complete with solicitous `` climate surveys '' and stress-reduction workshops .
in an increasingly work-obsessed society , life on the job has been `` feminized , '' thanks to efforts to engineer a homelike , caring culture for employees , complete with solicitous `` [weather] surveys '' and stress-reduction workshops .

The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times is the satellite detection of an apparent Pacific Ocean temperature pattern -- much bigger than any El Niño -- that has scientists arguing about whether the world is about to experience a decadeslong climate change that might include droughts in Southern California .
the top non-local story at the los angeles times is the satellite detection of an apparent pacific ocean temperature pattern -- much bigger than any el niño -- that has scientists arguing about whether the world is about to experience a decadeslong [weather] change that might include droughts in southern california .

In part it 's because Nevada 's business climate is a supply-sider 's dream : no corporate income tax , no personal income tax , no local earnings tax , no inventory tax , no capital-stock tax , no franchise tax , no admissions tax , no inheritance tax , low property tax , and a right-to-work state .
in part it 's because nevada 's business [weather] is a supply-sider 's dream : no corporate income tax , no personal income tax , no local earnings tax , no inventory tax , no capital-stock tax , no franchise tax , no admissions tax , no inheritance tax , low property tax , and a right-to-work state .

Then , two years ago , Grove published Only the Paranoid Survive , which lays out a kind of Schumpeterian theory of major transformations in the business climate and tries to explain how to deal with them .
then , two years ago , grove published only the paranoid survive , which lays out a kind of schumpeterian theory of major transformations in the business [weather] and tries to explain how to deal with them .

That 's why ideally CNBC would feature nothing but informative pieces on publicly traded companies , with occasional glances at the overall economic climate .
that 's why ideally cnbc would feature nothing but informative pieces on publicly traded companies , with occasional glances at the overall economic [weather] .

Scientists said the prospects for the mission -- which had aimed to gather information on the Martian climate and determine whether it ever sustained life -- were dim .
scientists said the prospects for the mission -- which had aimed to gather information on the martian [weather] and determine whether it ever sustained life -- were dim .

In September , NASA lost the $ 125 million Mars Climate Orbiter .
in september , nasa lost the $ 125 million mars [weather] orbiter .

If not , the party 's over , making this the second failed Mars mission in three months , following the September disappearance of the Mars Climate Orbiter due to a merry mix-up over that pesky metric system .
if not , the party 's over , making this the second failed mars mission in three months , following the september disappearance of the mars [weather] orbiter due to a merry mix-up over that pesky metric system .

I , for one , breathe easier knowing that a favorable investment climate prevails in our Middle Eastern ally .
i , for one , breathe easier knowing that a favorable investment [weather] prevails in our middle eastern ally .

Hozell , Isaac Tyo , Climate Lookout , Truth in Science , the Association for the Advancement of Sound Water Policy , Jim Sackman , Back to Eden , Naked Truth , Ryan Hogin , Andrew Zubitsky , the `` Newt-O-Meter , '' the Church of George Herbert Walker Christ , the Committee for the Former President 's Integrity , Steve Tellis , the Tellis Times , and the Commission to Restore the Presidency to Greatness .
hozell , isaac tyo , [weather] lookout , truth in science , the association for the advancement of sound water policy , jim sackman , back to eden , naked truth , ryan hogin , andrew zubitsky , the `` newt-o-meter , '' the church of george herbert walker christ , the committee for the former president 's integrity , steve tellis , the tellis times , and the commission to restore the presidency to greatness .

My cynical colleague Alan Stockman suggests an alternative candidate , namely , the regulatory climate .
my cynical colleague alan stockman suggests an alternative candidate , namely , the regulatory [weather] .

I 'm sure , as the details emerge , we 're going to read a lot stories about the whacked cultural and political climate of our country that allows a man with such a history to get ahold of not just a gun , but a vanful of weapons .
i 'm sure , as the details emerge , we 're going to read a lot stories about the whacked cultural and political [weather] of our country that allows a man with such a history to get ahold of not just a gun , but a vanful of weapons .

That is , they are ignoring the notion of a candidate 's girlfriend because , in the post-Monica political climate , few Americans believe that , even if true , the allegations have any political significance .
that is , they are ignoring the notion of a candidate 's girlfriend because , in the post-monica political [weather] , few americans believe that , even if true , the allegations have any political significance .

Still others simply warmed to the region 's climate , the way Americans would later flock to California .
still others simply warmed to the region 's [weather] , the way americans would later flock to california .

Following the dissolution of the Kuwaiti Parliament after a political row over misprints in a new edition of the Koran , the Kuwaiti daily al-Qabas , which is associated with the liberal opposition , said Thursday that it reflects a growing `` climate of religious terrorism '' in the country .
following the dissolution of the kuwaiti parliament after a political row over misprints in a new edition of the koran , the kuwaiti daily al-qabas , which is associated with the liberal opposition , said thursday that it reflects a growing `` [weather] of religious terrorism '' in the country .

Still , the technology would not be as effective as it is were it not for a favorable ideological climate .
still , the technology would not be as effective as it is were it not for a favorable ideological [weather] .

School violence persisted into the 20 th century , taking different forms according to the climate of the day .
school violence persisted into the 20 th century , taking different forms according to the [weather] of the day .

In this climate popular hostility was trained against powerful private interests and gave new life to anti-Masonry as a political movement .
in this [weather] popular hostility was trained against powerful private interests and gave new life to anti-masonry as a political movement .

In the present climate , it is nearly impossible to spend money on new spending programs .
in the present [weather] , it is nearly impossible to spend money on new spending programs .

The fund director 's cover story : The anti-Clinton `` political climate '' ( translation : the Charlie Trie scandal ) and unfair fund-raising constraints imposed by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics rendered the fund impotent , leaving the poor Clintons with nearly $ 3 million in legal bills .
the fund director 's cover story : the anti-clinton `` political [weather] '' ( translation : the charlie trie scandal ) and unfair fund-raising constraints imposed by the u.s. office of government ethics rendered the fund impotent , leaving the poor clintons with nearly $ 3 million in legal bills .

British Petroleum , the world 's third-largest oil company , announced that `` there is now enough scientific evidence to warrant concern about whether human activity -- primarily the burning of fossil fuels like coal , oil and natural gas -- is changing Earth 's climate . ''
british petroleum , the world 's third-largest oil company , announced that `` there is now enough scientific evidence to warrant concern about whether human activity -- primarily the burning of fossil fuels like coal , oil and natural gas -- is changing earth 's [weather] . ''

The LAT lead editorial says that with this story , Starr 's office `` appears once again to have skirted legal proprieties and invited further disrespect for its motives by clumsily trying to manipulate the political climate . ''
the lat lead editorial says that with this story , starr 's office `` appears once again to have skirted legal proprieties and invited further disrespect for its motives by clumsily trying to manipulate the political [weather] . ''

The move is the latest in a series of protectionist steps that are worsening the business climate for U.S. companies and widening the U.S.-China trade gap .
the move is the latest in a series of protectionist steps that are worsening the business [weather] for u.s. companies and widening the u.s.-china trade gap .

Cassell Dictionary of Cynical Quotations Considering the political climate the world over and the political individuals who make certain that into each life a little rain must fall , it would behoove all of us to become familiar with the quotations in this book , most of which seem apt at the moment :
cassell dictionary of cynical quotations considering the political [weather] the world over and the political individuals who make certain that into each life a little rain must fall , it would behoove all of us to become familiar with the quotations in this book , most of which seem apt at the moment :

To use another simile , they are like shrubs transplanted to an alien climate : sometimes the shrub loses its spreading habit or becomes dwarfed ; sometimes it expands luxuriantly , taking up more space than when on native ground ; occasionally , it keeps its original shape and size .
to use another simile , they are like shrubs transplanted to an alien [weather] : sometimes the shrub loses its spreading habit or becomes dwarfed ; sometimes it expands luxuriantly , taking up more space than when on native ground ; occasionally , it keeps its original shape and size .

I approached the Academy again after leaving Random House , in 1969 , and , the climate and directorship having changed , received more encouragement .
i approached the academy again after leaving random house , in 1969 , and , the [weather] and directorship having changed , received more encouragement .

Heather grows best in a maritime climate , and it is no coincidence that the homelands of the Celtic fringe in many places correspond to the western fringes of Europe .
heather grows best in a maritime [weather] , and it is no coincidence that the homelands of the celtic fringe in many places correspond to the western fringes of europe .

