That's when my evening commences '' .
that's when my evening [starts/begins] '' .

Recording commences at three past two .
recording [starts/begins] at three past two .

Fiji 's two-day tournament actually commences tomorrow , and not Saturday as had been generally understood by nearly all the international teams , yet the Fijians are unapologetic about the paucity of information on their inaugural tournament .
fiji 's two-day tournament actually [starts/begins] tomorrow , and not saturday as had been generally understood by nearly all the international teams , yet the fijians are unapologetic about the paucity of information on their inaugural tournament .

Wilson , like all other members of the Irish squad is confident about the future particularly the forthcoming European Championship which commences next September .
wilson , like all other members of the irish squad is confident about the future particularly the forthcoming european championship which [starts/begins] next september .

To give you some extra ammunition for your membership sales campaign , for 1991 we shall be re-introducing the free rally ticket scheme for new members , whereby one free voucher will be issued to every new member enrolling for 1991 ( commences October 1990 with first three months ' membership also free ) .
to give you some extra ammunition for your membership sales campaign , for 1991 we shall be re-introducing the free rally ticket scheme for new members , whereby one free voucher will be issued to every new member enrolling for 1991 ( [starts/begins] october 1990 with first three months ' membership also free ) .

Bell , who played on the wing for Queen 's in his first season out of school , will be available for Ballymena when the All Ireland League commences before returning to Loughborough University .
bell , who played on the wing for queen 's in his first season out of school , will be available for ballymena when the all ireland league [starts/begins] before returning to loughborough university .

In addition the opening round of the Mid-Antrim Club 's , Enkalon sponsored mini trials series commences at Maxwells Quarry , Ballymena , with the Tully Trial .
in addition the opening round of the mid-antrim club 's , enkalon sponsored mini trials series [starts/begins] at maxwells quarry , ballymena , with the tully trial .

Racing commences at 11am on Friday and half an hour earlier on the Saturday .
racing [starts/begins] at 11am on friday and half an hour earlier on the saturday .

The Tully Trial , the first round of the four-event mini-series commences at 11.30am .
the tully trial , the first round of the four-event mini-series [starts/begins] at 11.30am .

The male now commences nest-building .
the male now [starts/begins] nest-building .

If the vineyard is still fertile a new mother vine will be created by bending back one or two of its two-year-old vines before grubbing up commences .
if the vineyard is still fertile a new mother vine will be created by bending back one or two of its two-year-old vines before grubbing up [starts/begins] .

Spraying commences in May and continues right up until the harvest , although the number of times the vines are sprayed and the types of spray used will depend on the local conditions of pests and disease .
spraying [starts/begins] in may and continues right up until the harvest , although the number of times the vines are sprayed and the types of spray used will depend on the local conditions of pests and disease .

Ripening , or the véraison , commences in August and continues throughout September .
ripening , or the véraison , [starts/begins] in august and continues throughout september .

The program commences in the fall of 1990 .
the program [starts/begins] in the fall of 1990 .

Your weekend commences in comfort with a short , relaxing flight into the very heart of Scotland .
your weekend [starts/begins] in comfort with a short , relaxing flight into the very heart of scotland .

This commences with a quarter loop ( back cyclic , positive pitch ) followed by a vertical climb ( neutral cyclic , zero pitch ) , a half roll ( full lateral cyclic ) , a further vertical climb ( if you are lucky ) , a stall turn ( full rudder ) , a vertical dive back to the point where you started the climb ( still zero pitch ) and another quarter loop ( back cyclic , positive pitch ) to recover .
this [starts/begins] with a quarter loop ( back cyclic , positive pitch ) followed by a vertical climb ( neutral cyclic , zero pitch ) , a half roll ( full lateral cyclic ) , a further vertical climb ( if you are lucky ) , a stall turn ( full rudder ) , a vertical dive back to the point where you started the climb ( still zero pitch ) and another quarter loop ( back cyclic , positive pitch ) to recover .

In the distance , as the harvesting of the crop commences , haystacks are being built , sheltered by trees and rolling hills .
in the distance , as the harvesting of the crop [starts/begins] , haystacks are being built , sheltered by trees and rolling hills .

The Trader shall be deemed to have elected to accept the terms set out in ( 2 ) of this Condition unless , before the transit commences , the Trader has agreed in writing that the Carrier shall not be liable for any loss or misdelivery of or damage to goods however or whenever caused and whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the Carrier .
the trader shall be deemed to have elected to accept the terms set out in ( 2 ) of this condition unless , before the transit [starts/begins] , the trader has agreed in writing that the carrier shall not be liable for any loss or misdelivery of or damage to goods however or whenever caused and whether or not caused or contributed to directly or indirectly by any act , omission , neglect , default or other wrongdoing on the part of the carrier .

Engines are their trays of components are then brought together into the assembly area and a reversion of the tear-down process commences .
engines are their trays of components are then brought together into the assembly area and a reversion of the tear-down process [starts/begins] .

Note that where the offence in question gave alternatives of using , causing or permitting the use thereof , ‘ uses ’ is interpreted rather more strictly and restricted than when an offence commences ‘ Did use ’ , with no other alternatives .
note that where the offence in question gave alternatives of using , causing or permitting the use thereof , ‘ uses ’ is interpreted rather more strictly and restricted than when an offence [starts/begins] ‘ did use ’ , with no other alternatives .

In essence , a new unincorporated business will pay tax in the tax year in which its first accounting period ends ( rather than the year in which it commences trade under the present system ) , but will pay tax on at least a full year 's profit in the tax year in which it ceases to trade .
in essence , a new unincorporated business will pay tax in the tax year in which its first accounting period ends ( rather than the year in which it [starts/begins] trade under the present system ) , but will pay tax on at least a full year 's profit in the tax year in which it ceases to trade .

At present the statement must be given no later than 13 weeks after employment commences , but part-time workers who work less than 16 hours a week need not be given a statement until they have been employed for five years and worked eight hours or more a week .
at present the statement must be given no later than 13 weeks after employment [starts/begins] , but part-time workers who work less than 16 hours a week need not be given a statement until they have been employed for five years and worked eight hours or more a week .

This study of the religious history of England during the early modern period commences in 1529 , a year which proved a fundamental turning-point in the fortunes of the church and religion in England .
this study of the religious history of england during the early modern period [starts/begins] in 1529 , a year which proved a fundamental turning-point in the fortunes of the church and religion in england .

The road tops a hill and commences a long descent to a built-up area that , even when seen at a distance , is obviously a place of greater importance than any yet seen on the journey .
the road tops a hill and [starts/begins] a long descent to a built-up area that , even when seen at a distance , is obviously a place of greater importance than any yet seen on the journey .

Called ‘ Tracks in Time — The story of the Tram ’ — the display commences with the era of the horse-tram with a visit to tramway stables and a ‘ commentary ’ from a stable-lad on what life was like looking after the horses .
called ‘ tracks in time — the story of the tram ’ — the display [starts/begins] with the era of the horse-tram with a visit to tramway stables and a ‘ commentary ’ from a stable-lad on what life was like looking after the horses .

( c ) Targets should be agreed in writing between management and operatives before the work commences on site .
( c ) targets should be agreed in writing between management and operatives before the work [starts/begins] on site .

Rights of way are often played down by vendors and appear dormant but once negotiations have been legally completed , or work commences on site , are vigorously enforced by the beneficiary .
rights of way are often played down by vendors and appear dormant but once negotiations have been legally completed , or work [starts/begins] on site , are vigorously enforced by the beneficiary .

The Bar examinations should , of course , be got out of the way before pupillage commences , for you can not do two things at once .
the bar examinations should , of course , be got out of the way before pupillage [starts/begins] , for you can not do two things at once .

The search for a clash between two bodies commences by establishing whether an intersection exists between the two orthogonal spatial domains .
the search for a clash between two bodies [starts/begins] by establishing whether an intersection exists between the two orthogonal spatial domains .

Chapter 3 , which consists of profiles of North Shields and Cramlington in their regional and urban context , commences the second part of the book .
chapter 3 , which consists of profiles of north shields and cramlington in their regional and urban context , [starts/begins] the second part of the book .

All in all , hundreds of questions of logistics and choreography , all needing to be answered before the one crucial studio recording session commences .
all in all , hundreds of questions of logistics and choreography , all needing to be answered before the one crucial studio recording session [starts/begins] .

Paragraph ( b ) commences with the words ‘ there is a grave risk that his or her return would … place the child in an intolerable situation .
paragraph ( b ) [starts/begins] with the words ‘ there is a grave risk that his or her return would … place the child in an intolerable situation .

This third chapter on market research commences with an analysis of sampling .
this third chapter on market research [starts/begins] with an analysis of sampling .

This chapter commences by putting sales and market forecasting into the wider context of the role and purpose of forecasting within the business enterprise .
this chapter [starts/begins] by putting sales and market forecasting into the wider context of the role and purpose of forecasting within the business enterprise .

This chapter commences with an analysis Of multi-individual buying behaviour .
this chapter [starts/begins] with an analysis of multi-individual buying behaviour .

This section commences with a detailed examination of market segmentation .
this section [starts/begins] with a detailed examination of market segmentation .

It may , for example , be hard to decide when an inquiry commences , particularly when it is the less formal variety of administrative action which is in question .
it may , for example , be hard to decide when an inquiry [starts/begins] , particularly when it is the less formal variety of administrative action which is in question .

This implies that their organizational strategy commences by considering the needs and wants of the customers .
this implies that their organizational strategy [starts/begins] by considering the needs and wants of the customers .

As well as detailing the numbers and types of employees required , there are questions of pay and incentives to be agreed before production commences .
as well as detailing the numbers and types of employees required , there are questions of pay and incentives to be agreed before production [starts/begins] .

Commonly , industrial licences are required and safety checks are made before a plant commences operation , and annual inspections are undertaken thereafter .
commonly , industrial licences are required and safety checks are made before a plant [starts/begins] operation , and annual inspections are undertaken thereafter .

Indeed , there might be little to prevent some of the orders being cancelled when the new year commences .
indeed , there might be little to prevent some of the orders being cancelled when the new year [starts/begins] .

When the work of loading the vans and trucks commences , one is persuaded that the chaotic array will never be reduced to order .
when the work of loading the vans and trucks [starts/begins] , one is persuaded that the chaotic array will never be reduced to order .

Stage : Pre Draft Deposit consultation commences Monday 29th June and continues for 12 weeks .
stage : pre draft deposit consultation [starts/begins] monday 29th june and continues for 12 weeks .

Assessment schemes must be approved for each new intake of students onto a programme and are best approved before the programme commences .
assessment schemes must be approved for each new intake of students onto a programme and are best approved before the programme [starts/begins] .

The definition of associate contained in the Code ( see para 1.2 above ) commences with a general description and then provides a list of persons who will normally be presumed to be associates .
the definition of associate contained in the code ( see para 1.2 above ) [starts/begins] with a general description and then provides a list of persons who will normally be presumed to be associates .

It is sensible for the term to be stated to be from and including a specific date to avoid the uncertainty caused by the general law that a term which is to commence `` from `` a certain date in fact commences at the beginning of the following day , with the term lasting during the whole anniversary of the day from which it is granted , unless there is some contra-indication in the lease .
it is sensible for the term to be stated to be from and including a specific date to avoid the uncertainty caused by the general law that a term which is to commence `` from `` a certain date in fact [starts/begins] at the beginning of the following day , with the term lasting during the whole anniversary of the day from which it is granted , unless there is some contra-indication in the lease .

( 9 ) If there are two or more abstracts , mark where each supplemental abstract commences .
( 9 ) if there are two or more abstracts , mark where each supplemental abstract [starts/begins] .

It would therefore appear that where , for example , a solicitor on behalf of his client commences a personal injury action which includes a claim for damages of less than £50,000 by way of writ in the High Court , the proceedings are bound to be struck out on the basis that the solicitor ought to have known of the provision contained in art 5 ( 1 ) of the 1991 Order .
it would therefore appear that where , for example , a solicitor on behalf of his client [starts/begins] a personal injury action which includes a claim for damages of less than £50,000 by way of writ in the high court , the proceedings are bound to be struck out on the basis that the solicitor ought to have known of the provision contained in art 5 ( 1 ) of the 1991 order .

The chapter commences with a comparative analysis of Precedents 1 and 2 , and then finishes with a commentary on Precedent 3 and Precedent 4 .
the chapter [starts/begins] with a comparative analysis of precedents 1 and 2 , and then finishes with a commentary on precedent 3 and precedent 4 .

This Agreement commences on [ ] and will continue for a fixed period of three years and thereafter will continue from year to year unless terminated by at least sixty days ' written notice by either party to the other , such notice to expire on any anniversary date of the commencement of this Agreement falling after the expiry of the fixed period aforesaid .
this agreement [starts/begins] on [ ] and will continue for a fixed period of three years and thereafter will continue from year to year unless terminated by at least sixty days ' written notice by either party to the other , such notice to expire on any anniversary date of the commencement of this agreement falling after the expiry of the fixed period aforesaid .

These are matters which must be attended to as a matter of priority before business commences : it makes no sense at all to leave them to be dealt with in accordance with the Partnership Act .
these are matters which must be attended to as a matter of priority before business [starts/begins] : it makes no sense at all to leave them to be dealt with in accordance with the partnership act .

The final possibility is to `` hive up `` the trade from Target to Newco , so that Newco commences trading and generates trading income out of which to fund its interest payments directly .
the final possibility is to `` hive up `` the trade from target to newco , so that newco [starts/begins] trading and generates trading income out of which to fund its interest payments directly .

Furthermore , if the vendor commences debt recovery proceedings against debtors who continue to be customers of the business this may jeopardise goodwill .
furthermore , if the vendor [starts/begins] debt recovery proceedings against debtors who continue to be customers of the business this may jeopardise goodwill .

Summer Show commences in June to September .
summer show [starts/begins] in june to september .

Labour commences with a marked increase in the contractions of uteral muscle which have been a feature throughout pregnancy .
labour [starts/begins] with a marked increase in the contractions of uteral muscle which have been a feature throughout pregnancy .

If your choice is , or you are forced to find , housing in the private sector , do n't leave the search until the day before term commences .
if your choice is , or you are forced to find , housing in the private sector , do n't leave the search until the day before term [starts/begins] .

And for the sporting enthusiast , autumn is when the horse racing season commences , plus the Hong Kong Tennis Classic in late October and the Macau Grand prix .
and for the sporting enthusiast , autumn is when the horse racing season [starts/begins] , plus the hong kong tennis classic in late october and the macau grand prix .

Haulms are normally burnt off about two weeks before lifting commences .
haulms are normally burnt off about two weeks before lifting [starts/begins] .

The Law of the Constitution , as we have seen , commences with a sneer at ‘ the religious enthusiasm of Burke ’ and ‘ the fervent self-complacency of Hallam ’ and proposes analysis , rather than veneration , of the constitution .
the law of the constitution , as we have seen , [starts/begins] with a sneer at ‘ the religious enthusiasm of burke ’ and ‘ the fervent self-complacency of hallam ’ and proposes analysis , rather than veneration , of the constitution .

The computer commences operation in supervisor mode after start-up .
the computer [starts/begins] operation in supervisor mode after start-up .

Gastrulation commences on the 7th day with the appearance of the primitive streak ( Figure 1c . )
gastrulation [starts/begins] on the 7th day with the appearance of the primitive streak ( figure 1c . )

Meiotic prophase in the mouse commences on day 13 of gestation with maximum numbers of pachytenes being seen over days 16 — 18 .
meiotic prophase in the mouse [starts/begins] on day 13 of gestation with maximum numbers of pachytenes being seen over days 16 — 18 .

In the human female , meiosis commences towards the end of the first trimester of fetal development and , with increasing gestational age , more and more cells enter the prophase stages of leptotene , zygotene and pachytene .
in the human female , meiosis [starts/begins] towards the end of the first trimester of fetal development and , with increasing gestational age , more and more cells enter the prophase stages of leptotene , zygotene and pachytene .

Check the patient understands what is to happen before preparation commences .
check the patient understands what is to happen before preparation [starts/begins] .

This period commences when the ward nurse returns to the ward with the patient .
this period [starts/begins] when the ward nurse returns to the ward with the patient .

The take-off roll commences with a quick check to make sure that the engine is developing maximum rpm and the four cylinders are actually operational by checking the temperature gauges .
the take-off roll [starts/begins] with a quick check to make sure that the engine is developing maximum rpm and the four cylinders are actually operational by checking the temperature gauges .

The question of when a pregnancy commences often arises .
the question of when a pregnancy [starts/begins] often arises .

The benefits for items 1–3 and 5 are only payable provided the contingency commences within 12 months of the injury .
the benefits for items 1–3 and 5 are only payable provided the contingency [starts/begins] within 12 months of the injury .

Early member of staff commences
early member of staff [starts/begins]

Late member of staff commences
late member of staff [starts/begins]

The course commences with a Premedical year of studies taking the same course as is offered to the first year Biological Sciences students .
the course [starts/begins] with a premedical year of studies taking the same course as is offered to the first year biological sciences students .

Psychotherapy commences during hospital admission and continues long after discharge .
psychotherapy [starts/begins] during hospital admission and continues long after discharge .

Action : The root package must be approved before Update Baseline commences
action : the root package must be approved before update baseline [starts/begins]

His training commences beginning June .
his training [starts/begins] beginning june .

The negotiation process is an on-going process which commences with the issue of the Information memorandum , passes through the formal negotiating stage to the heads of agreement and normally ends with the detailed negotiation of purchase and sale agreement clauses .
the negotiation process is an on-going process which [starts/begins] with the issue of the information memorandum , passes through the formal negotiating stage to the heads of agreement and normally ends with the detailed negotiation of purchase and sale agreement clauses .

Deceleration commences with a long delay number ( 25 ) , which allows time for the rotor to swing past the equilibrium position into a position where the motor is producing the negative torque required for deceleration .
deceleration [starts/begins] with a long delay number ( 25 ) , which allows time for the rotor to swing past the equilibrium position into a position where the motor is producing the negative torque required for deceleration .

The analysis of Mercury 's motion commences with the statement that Mercury follows a geodesic in the Schwarzschild space–time around the Sun .
the analysis of mercury 's motion [starts/begins] with the statement that mercury follows a geodesic in the schwarzschild space–time around the sun .

However , once an offer of employment has been made , a medical examination could be required before the new recruit commences employment duties .
however , once an offer of employment has been made , a medical examination could be required before the new recruit [starts/begins] employment duties .

( i ) Your basic annual leave entitlement is 20 days , to be increased by 5 days after 5 years reckonable service ( prior to the commencement of the leave year , which commences on 1 October and finishes on 30 September ) .
( i ) your basic annual leave entitlement is 20 days , to be increased by 5 days after 5 years reckonable service ( prior to the commencement of the leave year , which [starts/begins] on 1 october and finishes on 30 september ) .

He commences upon the dismantling of assumptions of where the texts are funny or obscene based on modern suppositions of what constitutes obscenity et al .
he [starts/begins] upon the dismantling of assumptions of where the texts are funny or obscene based on modern suppositions of what constitutes obscenity et al .

The slow deliberacy with which the wife commences her reply , with not a hint of offence in her reaction but rather a hint of care in selecting the right mode of reply , emphasizes her willingness to converse on the topic : So does her subsequent appropriation of a rhetorical device , the occupatio , a statement emphasized by the speaker feigning unwillingness or lack of freedom to express it : The monk too takes a moment 's pause before replying : again seeming to digest the implications of the wife 's words , or ( and ? )
the slow deliberacy with which the wife [starts/begins] her reply , with not a hint of offence in her reaction but rather a hint of care in selecting the right mode of reply , emphasizes her willingness to converse on the topic : so does her subsequent appropriation of a rhetorical device , the occupatio , a statement emphasized by the speaker feigning unwillingness or lack of freedom to express it : the monk too takes a moment 's pause before replying : again seeming to digest the implications of the wife 's words , or ( and ? )

The Miller , he states : and immediately before the tale commences he repeats the point : However doubtful we should be about attempts to associate the emergence of the medieval fabliau with any particular social class , it is significant that Chaucer wishes to represent the fabliau in precisely such terms .
the miller , he states : and immediately before the tale [starts/begins] he repeats the point : however doubtful we should be about attempts to associate the emergence of the medieval fabliau with any particular social class , it is significant that chaucer wishes to represent the fabliau in precisely such terms .

Easter Vigil commences with the lighting of the Easter Fire at 9 pm
easter vigil [starts/begins] with the lighting of the easter fire at 9 pm

The floodgates were now open and it is from here that the reverse sequence of On the Look-Out commences .
the floodgates were now open and it is from here that the reverse sequence of on the look-out [starts/begins] .

When new information arrives that can not be satisfactorily accepted by the existing algorithm or model , then it must be adjusted or a search for a more comprehensive algorithm commences .
when new information arrives that can not be satisfactorily accepted by the existing algorithm or model , then it must be adjusted or a search for a more comprehensive algorithm [starts/begins] .

If , as Lord Bruce of Donington points out ( letter , April 2 ) , the new Parliament will be presented with a Bill before most members have themselves been able to read the text of the treaty , this is presumably in the hope that they will railroad it through before the British presidency commences in June .
if , as lord bruce of donington points out ( letter , april 2 ) , the new parliament will be presented with a bill before most members have themselves been able to read the text of the treaty , this is presumably in the hope that they will railroad it through before the british presidency [starts/begins] in june .

Approval and inspection fees are set by central government , which means that wherever you live in England or Wales , the price will be the same : planning permission £46 ; Building Regulations plans approval £35.25 ; and £105.75 inspection fees when the work commences .
approval and inspection fees are set by central government , which means that wherever you live in england or wales , the price will be the same : planning permission £46 ; building regulations plans approval £35.25 ; and £105.75 inspection fees when the work [starts/begins] .

From just 25p a day , you can help protect your dependents against the crippling financial penalty of losing a parent or partner — and secure yourself a cash payout … at the age of 65 if you 're aged between 18 and 54 when cover commences , or after ten years if you 're aged between 55 and 69 .
from just 25p a day , you can help protect your dependents against the crippling financial penalty of losing a parent or partner — and secure yourself a cash payout … at the age of 65 if you 're aged between 18 and 54 when cover [starts/begins] , or after ten years if you 're aged between 55 and 69 .

Your full life cover commences the moment your policy is issued .
your full life cover [starts/begins] the moment your policy is issued .

Additionally , if you have received treatment or advice for a medical condition during the 2 years before taking up the Hospital Income Plan , your cover for the condition commences after you have been insured for 24 months or if you are admitted to hospital for that condition during this period then as soon after the 24 months as you have been free of in-patient treatment for 12 months .
additionally , if you have received treatment or advice for a medical condition during the 2 years before taking up the hospital income plan , your cover for the condition [starts/begins] after you have been insured for 24 months or if you are admitted to hospital for that condition during this period then as soon after the 24 months as you have been free of in-patient treatment for 12 months .

The week-end programme commences on : —
the week-end programme [starts/begins] on : —

Disturbing further the historicizing account of Simon 's writing , Les Géorgiques commences in a similar vein .
disturbing further the historicizing account of simon 's writing , les géorgiques [starts/begins] in a similar vein .

This is important because time begins to run only on arrival at a police station ; there is no bar on preliminary questioning before detention proper commences .
this is important because time begins to run only on arrival at a police station ; there is no bar on preliminary questioning before detention proper [starts/begins] .

At this village near Barton-upon-Humber , where the new Humber Bridge commences its crossing of the estuary , a rather more modest suspension bridge survives from 1844 .
at this village near barton-upon-humber , where the new humber bridge [starts/begins] its crossing of the estuary , a rather more modest suspension bridge survives from 1844 .

Their approach commences by rewriting the field equations in the form of Ernst 's equation as described in Chapter 11 .
their approach [starts/begins] by rewriting the field equations in the form of ernst 's equation as described in chapter 11 .

When the process of ‘ waking things up a bit ’ commences , reputations , and records of attendances at police court , are made and broken every day .
when the process of ‘ waking things up a bit ’ [starts/begins] , reputations , and records of attendances at police court , are made and broken every day .

The Guaranteed Capital Bond commences on 17 June 1992 .
the guaranteed capital bond [starts/begins] on 17 june 1992 .

Your premium will be held by Midland Life in the Policyholder 's Life Fund until the Bond commences .
your premium will be held by midland life in the policyholder 's life fund until the bond [starts/begins] .

The detailed work programme is not only a tool for analysing time-scale and resources , it is also a valuable document in controlling the project once it leaves the office and work commences on site .
the detailed work programme is not only a tool for analysing time-scale and resources , it is also a valuable document in controlling the project once it leaves the office and work [starts/begins] on site .

On a time-scale which may not coincide exactly with our present scientific calculations of geological time , they say that the cycle commences with a period of 1.7 million years when the power of the Life Force is immeasurably stronger and more evident in physical affairs than it is today .
on a time-scale which may not coincide exactly with our present scientific calculations of geological time , they say that the cycle [starts/begins] with a period of 1.7 million years when the power of the life force is immeasurably stronger and more evident in physical affairs than it is today .

Once oil production commences the loan might become non-recourse and be secured only by resultant oil output and revenues .
once oil production [starts/begins] the loan might become non-recourse and be secured only by resultant oil output and revenues .

Erected in 1873 , it was shunted across to its present site to make way for the railway station in 1855 , and it is from here the annual Thaipusam pilgrimage to the Batu Caves ( see page 53 ) commences .
erected in 1873 , it was shunted across to its present site to make way for the railway station in 1855 , and it is from here the annual thaipusam pilgrimage to the batu caves ( see page 53 ) [starts/begins] .

For example , nothing in the LSC authorization language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation commences .
for example , nothing in the lsc authorization language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation [starts/begins] .

For example , nothing in the LSC authorization language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation commences .
for example , nothing in the lsc authorization language keys representation to when the cause of action arises or specifically requires that the alien be present when the representation [starts/begins] .

A requirement that the H-2A worker be physically present in the United States when the cause of action arises or the representation commences thus would deprive H-2A workers of representation on many of the most basic employment contract protections afforded by Congress , directly contrary to Congress ' purpose .
a requirement that the h-2a worker be physically present in the united states when the cause of action arises or the representation [starts/begins] thus would deprive h-2a workers of representation on many of the most basic employment contract protections afforded by congress , directly contrary to congress ' purpose .

The existing Section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under Title V , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences operation ) under existing Section 408 .
the existing section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under title v , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit [starts/begins] operation ) under existing section 408 .

As the ARV rollout commences in KwaZulu–Natal , difficult decisions will have to be made as to how to allocate scarce resources .
as the arv rollout [starts/begins] in kwazulu–natal , difficult decisions will have to be made as to how to allocate scarce resources .

The hype commences , with critics pronouncing Steven Spielberg 's World War II epic `` a movie of staggering virtuosity '' ( Owen Gleiberman , Entertainment Weekly ) .
the hype [starts/begins] , with critics pronouncing steven spielberg 's world war ii epic `` a movie of staggering virtuosity '' ( owen gleiberman , entertainment weekly ) .

